
u2 reschedules concert postponed due to and promises to " put on our best . " " 
u2 reschedules concert postponed due to & promises to " put on our best . " 
u2 reschedules paris concert postponed due to attacks 

pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it together . " 
abc : pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it together . " 
pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it … 
abc : pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it togeth … 




pres . obama awards medal of freedom to james taylor . 







brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called . 
and on west coast : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called . 
rt lockdown : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called : … 
and on gma : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has cal … 



canada to announce plans to resettle 25,000 syrian refugees by dec . 31 : 
canada to announce plan to resettle 25,000 refugees tuesday - abc news - via 
to announce plan to bring 25,000 on tuesday 
to announce plans to resettle 25,000 syrian by dec . 31 ( abcnews ): 
hurrah canada , which will take in next 5 weeks more syrian refugees than the uk will take in next 5 years . 
canada to announce plan to resettle 25,000 refugees tuesday .... there goes the neighborhood 
to announce plans to resettle 25,000 by dec . 31 : 











rt president obama presents medal of freedom to willie mays 
president obama presents medal of freedom to emilio and gloria estefan . 
rt watch live : pres . obama awards presidential medal of freedom : 
wntonight : rt abcpolitics : president obama presents medal of freedom to willie mays 
watch live : pres . obama awards presidential medal of freedom : … 
abc : president obama presents medal of freedom to emilio and gloria estefan . 
babs !!! 


pres . obama awards medal of freedom to baseball legend willie howard mays , jr. 
pres . obama awards medal of freedom to baseball legend willie howard mays , jr. via 
“ pres . obama awards medal of freedom to baseball legend willie howard mays , jr. ” 



emmy-winning actor david canary has passed away at the age of 77 . 

























john kerry says us seeks new military , counterterrorism and diplomatic ideas to destroy isis 
us trying to speed up efforts to defeat isis , john kerry says 
rt john kerry says us seeking new military , counterterrorism , diplomatic ideas to destroy isis . … 
rt john kerry says us seeking new military , counterterrorism , diplomatic ideas to destroy isis . https :/ … 
rt john kerry says us seeks new military , counterterrorism and diplomatic ideas to destroy isis https :/ … 
us trying to speed up efforts to defeat islamic state 


" group raised suspicions before 5 were shot at police protest " 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! group raised suspicions before 5 were shot … 
3 white men take a break from their islamophobia to go full isis on a group of protestors in mpls . 
minneapolis police say 5 shot near black lives matter protest : 
minneapolis police say several shot near protest scene 
minneapolis police say 5 shot near protest scene 
shooting at the mainstream media coverage : the view from the protest : 
minneapolis say 5 near protest scene 
five protesters were shot during protest in 
police say 5 shot near black lives matter protest ( abcnews ): 
shooting at black lives matter protest in minneapolis 

president obama : ' we cannot and we will not succumb to fear . ' 
president obama : ‘ we cannot and we will not succumb to fear . ’ 



sues for jfk assassination film 
texas woman seeks return of film shot by grandfather that shows portion of jfk assassination 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination of jfk : 
woman seeks return of film showing jfk assassination 
wsoctv : rt abc : woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 ass … 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination of jf … 
abc : woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination … 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination … 




police search for dangerous man seen with fugitive salah abdeslam days before 


family member of yogi berra accepts medal of freedom awarded to the baseball legend posthumously by pres . obama . 
family member of yogi berra accepts medal of freedom awarded to the baseball legend posthumously by pres . ob … 
cyberanonymous : abc : family member of yogi berra accepts medal of freedom awarded to the baseball legend posthumou … 
family member of yogi berra accepts medal of freedom awarded to the baseball legend posthumously by pres . oba … 

