on how'd know ' it was time ? ' that and more , in exclusive interview . 
rt on how'd know ' it was time ? ' that and more , in exclusive interview . 

fda celery recall expands to major grocery stores after e . coli scare : 

rt president obama statement on " sixty years ago today , rosa parks changed america . " 
rt december 1 , 1955 : rosa parks refuses to move to back of segregated bus . pres . obama's statement on 60th anniversary htt … 

rudder problem , pilot actions led to indonesia airasia crash 
problem : pilot actions led to indonesia airasia crash that killed all 162 on board : 
indonesia probe : rudder control problem led to airasia crash 

just in : chicago mayor rahm emanuel says he has asked for police superintendent garry mccarthy's resignation . 




rt suspected burglar dies in chimney after resident , unaware of the man , lights a fire : … 
suspected burglar dies in chimney after resident lights fire 
oops ! 
damn guys they killed santa 24 days early 
suspected burglar dies in chimney after homeowner lights a fire . 

young people's view of the american dream , today vs . 1986 : 
does the american dream mean anything anymore ? more young people are saying no . 
does the american dream mean anything anymore ? more young people are saying no . i never found any of that appealing 
how the definition of the american dream is changing : 
does the american dream mean anything anymore ? more young people are on 
rt does the american dream mean anything anymore ? more young people are saying no : 
be sure to check out new poll of on state of the -- 
does the american dream mean anything anymore ? more young people say no . 
the evolving american dream : latest millennials poll for 





rt inside civil rights leader rosa parks ’ legacy of activism that changed us history . 
photos : inside civil rights leader rosa parks ’ legacy of activism that changed history . 
rt photos : inside civil rights leader rosa parks ’ legacy of activism that changed us history . … 
60th anniversary of rosa parks ' historical refusal to give up her seat 
us : inside civil rights leader rosa parks ’ legacy of activism that changed us history . 





rare bright orange monkey born at australian zoo 
- abc news ( via 




secret service : all but 1 of lone wolf attackers exhibited “ concerning ” behavior beforehand 







rt mark zuckerberg and wife welcome daughter ; pledge to give away 99% of their facebook shares - $45b - over lifetime . … 
rt mark zuckerberg and wife welcome daughter ; pledge to give away 99% of their facebook shares - $45b - over lifetime . http … 
rt mark zuckerberg/wife welcome daughter ; pledge to give away 99% of their facebook shares - $45b - over lifetime … 



jury selection begins for officer charged in freddie gray's death : " everything is at stake " 
' the future of the city is at stake ' as baltimore readies for 1st freddie gray trial 
top story : jury selection begins for officer charged in freddie gray's death : - more on 
never have the been so high 
rt " everything is at stake " : consequences loom for baltimore as freddie gray trials begin . … 
jury+selection+begins+for+officer+charged+in+gray's+death+-+abc+news+-+ via abc 





rt white house displays large red ribbon to mark 


town demolishes veteran's house while he was undergoing surgery : 
town demolishes veteran's house while he has surgery 
“ town demolishes veteran's house while he was undergoing surgery : ” . a nightmare 
no reason why a veteran's " dilapidated dwelling " should be demolished while he's away getting surgery 
a town demolished a veterans home while he was in the hospital 

“ i have not noticed that ” : chris christie on ted cruz’s claim that most criminals are democrats . - 




mysterious fishing boats carrying dead bodies have been washing ashore for months in japan : 




also on new stars and daisy ridley are live in times square . 






large red ribbon 




jeb's second event of the day at iowa veterans museum in waterloo , iowa is underway . watch here : 
mayor rahm emanuel speakng soon to announce the creation of a police accountability task force in the city 
hey check out at the event in iowa right now . 
jeb bush’s 1st event in iowa today is live here - 
jeb's event in dubuque , iowa beginning now . tune in ! 
ted live , starting in 5 mins ... you cant find it on any broadcast msm - thanks for the stream abc 
rt clinton says congress should " swiftly " pass an updated authorization to use military force . https : … 
rt obama speaking live about paris attacks 
" watch live : pres . obama to pardon turkeys ahead of " 
pres . obama about to speak on homeland security - watch online : or on 
rt really cool place for townhall in carroll , ia this am . watch it here : http … 
watch live : president obama and french president hollande hold joint press conference . 
watch the obama/hollande press conference live : 
. " streaming pbo & french pres . hollande hold news conference " 
streaming on pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold joint news conference 
rt marco's in carroll iowa this morning - watch live here now : 

pope francis says the world is near ‘ suicide ’ in regards to climate change : 
pope warns ' it's now or never ' on climate - abc news - via 
pope warns ' it's now or never ' on climate - news 
the latest : us house leader won't pay for climate deal - abc news 
pope warns ' it's now or never is nothing but to the 3rd world ? congress says hellno 
pope warns ' it's now or never ' on climate - abc news . hey stick to biblical values not 
the announced his view on because if jorge mario bergoglio knows anything , its flawed science 








illinois attorney general asks doj’s civil rights division to investigate the chicago police dept . 
rt illinois attorney general asks doj’s civil rights division to investigate the chicago police dept . 
“ illinois attorney general asks doj’s civil rights division to investigate the chicago police dept . ” 






