spacex debris washes up across atlantic , 14 months after a successful launch : 

univ . of chicago suspect allegedly wanted to kill whites due to laquan mcdonald shooting : 

new : chicago cop charged with murder of laquan mcdonald to be released after posting bond : 

town demolishes veteran's house while he was undergoing surgery : 
town demolishes veteran's house while he has surgery : " 
this is so sad . they should build him a new house and give him a lot of money for the stuff he lost 
rt town demolishes veteran's house while he recovers from surgery out of state : 
long island town demolishes u.s. navy veteran's home while he was in florida recovering from a knee replacement : ... 

pope francis says the world is near ‘ suicide ’ in regards to climate change : 
pope warns ' it's now or never is nothing but to the 3rd world ? congress says hellno 
pope warns ' it's now or never ' on climate - abc news . hey stick to biblical values not 
the announced his view on because if jorge mario bergoglio knows anything , its flawed science 

dog missing for more than a year found in a storm drain and reunited with owners . 

man dies just 1 day after paying stranger's grocery bill ; inspires ' pay it forward ' movement 

suspected burglar dies in chimney after resident lights fire : 

mother of fallen trooper receives surprise when she gets response from late son's number . 

bill gates leads unprecedented coalition to fund green technologies . 

kensington palace releases new photos of 6-month-old princess charlotte taken by her mother : 

u.s. says russian jet violated turkish airspace : 

obama administration to tighten visa waiver program to prevent foreign fighters from entering us after paris attacks 

two brothers rescue a bald eagle — and take one epic selfie : 

man allegedly caught on surveillance camera stealing alabama family's christmas decorations : 

chris christie on donald trump 9/11 claim : " it didn't happen . " 

minnesota couple who once faced hard times donates $ 500,000 to salvation army : 

family of syrian toddler who washed up on turkish beach to settle in canada . 

