one of only 4 northern white rhinos believed to be left in the world has died : 
endangered white rhino dies at san diego-area zoo - abc news ( via 
one of the rarest rhinos has died . 




french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intelligence sharing . 
abc7 : rt abc : french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intell … 
french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & s … 
abc : french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intelligence sh … 
french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intelligence s … 





pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and those who sent them . " 
rt wntonight " rt abc : pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and th … " 
wntonight : rt abc : pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and those … 
b oh shut up . if you hadnt got all caught up in their business in the first place we wouldnt be burying the dead ! 
pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and those who sent the … 
wsoctv : rt abc : pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and those wh … 
rt abc : pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to t … 


rt developing : french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out airstrikes against targets in … 
french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out first airstrikes against isis targets in iraq . 
developing : french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out airstrikes against targets in - abc 
french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out first airstrikes against isis targets in → " iraq " ← 

pres . obama : " we cannot and we will not succumb to fear ... americans will not be terrorized . " 
pres . obama : " we cannot and we will not succumb to fear ... americans will not be terr … 

family of teen arrested for homemade clock seeks $ 15,000,000 in compensation : 





coming up : news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at approx . 11:30 am et 
listen live : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold a joint news conference 
wntonight : rt abc : coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at … 
cyberanonymous : abc : coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference a … 
coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at approx . 11:30 … 
coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at approx . 11:30 … 
coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at approx . 11:30 am et 
rt wntonight " rt abc : coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference … " 







pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian fighter jet . 
rt pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian fighter jet . https :/ … 
pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian fighter j … 
wsoctv : rt abc : pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian … 
abc7 : rt abc : pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian f … 



convict in 3 sex crimes freed by dna tied to fugitive rapist 
man convicted of 3 sex assaults cleared by los angeles judge after dna points to serial … 
man convicted of 3 sex assaults cleared by los angeles judge after dna points to serial rapist 




$160b deal to combine pfizer & allergan and make world's biggest drug company raises outcry 
allergan sparks backlash from lawmakers . abc world news ( 11/23 , story 7 , 0:25 , muir ) reported on the ... 
with globalization what is a us business ? world governments may have to adjust to new reality . see via 
$160b deal to combine pfizer & allergan & make world's biggest drug company raises outcry : " 
$160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry - abc news 
$160b deal to combine and allergan raises outcry . via 
don't blame them — our u.s. tax system is clearly broken -> $160b deal to combine and raises outcry 
agrees to buy allergan in order to dodge paying via abc 
news $160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry 
$160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry : $160b deal to combine ... 

rt also on turkey confirms they shot down a russian fighter jet near syria-turkey border . 
also on west coast : turkey confirms they shot down a russian fighter jet near syria-turkey border . 

7-year-old who donated piggy bank to vandalized mosque gets free ipad from muslim community : 







single mom receives $ 1,400 tip from church on pizza delivery run : " i couldn't help but cry . " 




indianapolis pastor doesn't know ' how to do life ' without his slain wife : 







pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defend our nation . " 
rt pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defend our nation . " … 
pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defend our n … 
abc7 : rt abc : pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defe … 
pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do ever … 
pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defend our na … 
brookingsfp : rt abc : pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ...… 




minneapolis police make 2 arrests in connection to shootings at black lives matter protest : 

