nyc chain restaurants now required to issue salt warnings for foods with high sodium levels . 

details : chicago police superintendent asked to resign in wake of laquan mcdonald shooting : 

" president obama statement on " sixty years ago today , rosa parks changed america . " " 
president obama statement on " sixty years ago today , rosa parks changed america . " via 
rt december 1 , 1955 : rosa parks refuses to move to back of segregated bus . pres . obama's statement on 60th anniversary htt … 
yes she did► " president obama statement on " sixty years ago today , rosa parks changed america . " " 

suspected burglar dies in chimney after resident , unaware of the man , lights a fire : 
suspected burglar dies in chimney after resident lights fire 
suspected burglar dies in chimney after homeowner lights a fire . 

' the future of the city is at stake ' as baltimore readies for 1st freddie gray trial 
top story : jury selection begins for officer charged in freddie gray's death : - more on 
jury selection begins for officer charged in freddie gray's death : " everything is at stake " 
never have the been so high 
rt " everything is at stake " : consequences loom for baltimore as freddie gray trials begin . … 
jury+selection+begins+for+officer+charged+in+gray's+death+-+abc+news+-+ via abc 
high stakes for baltimore as freddie gray trials begin 

clinton opposed to us combat troops in iraq and syria : " i don't think it's the smartest way " 















no reason why a veteran's " dilapidated dwelling " should be demolished while he's away getting surgery 
town demolishes veteran's house while he was undergoing surgery : 
town demolishes veteran's house while he has surgery 
a town demolished a veterans home while he was in the hospital 


just in : chicago mayor rahm emanuel says he has asked for police superintendent garry mccarthy's resignation . 




rudder problem , pilot actions led to indonesia airasia crash 
problem : pilot actions led to indonesia airasia crash that killed all 162 on board : 
indonesia probe : rudder control problem led to airasia crash 

ohio man pleads not guilty to kidnapping son 13 years ago : 






mayor rahm emanuel speakng soon to announce the creation of a police accountability task force in the city 
hey check out at the event in iowa right now . 
jeb bush’s 1st event in iowa today is live here - 
jeb's event in dubuque , iowa beginning now . tune in ! 
ted live , starting in 5 mins ... you cant find it on any broadcast msm - thanks for the stream abc 
rt clinton says congress should " swiftly " pass an updated authorization to use military force . https : … 
rt obama speaking live about paris attacks 
watch live : pres . obama to pardon turkeys ahead of 
pres . obama about to speak on homeland security - watch online : or on 
rt really cool place for townhall in carroll , ia this am . watch it here : http … 
watch live : president obama and french president hollande hold joint press conference . 
watch the obama/hollande press conference live : 
. " streaming pbo & french pres . hollande hold news conference " 
streaming on pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold joint news conference 
rt marco's in carroll iowa this morning - watch live here now : 
live streaming of campaign rallies etc . at in now 
watch live : chicago mayor rahm emanuel holds news conference on shooting of laquan mcdonald 

pope francis says the world is near ‘ suicide ’ in regards to climate change 
pope warns ' it's now or never ' on climate - abc news - via 
pope warns ' it's now or never ' on climate - news 
the latest : us house leader won't pay for climate deal - abc news 
pope warns ' it's now or never is nothing but to the 3rd world ? congress says hellno 
pope warns ' it's now or never ' on climate - abc news . hey stick to biblical values not 
the announced his view on because if jorge mario bergoglio knows anything , its flawed science 





