



world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says " 
world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says … via 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live … see more 
residents & told us what life in lockdown is like 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live updates - bbc news see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - … see more 
paris attacks : 21 arrests in belgium - live updates 
brussels in lockdown the latest on the hunt for salah abdeslam from 
bbc news : summary unavailable 
16 people arrested in belgium . it is so far unconfirmed how many of them were cats 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium . follow live updates here : 
live updates on - 


international bomb plotter jailed in us 
international bomb plotter jailed for 40 years in 
a pakistani man extradited from the uk to the us is sentenced to 40 years in jail for plotting attac ... 
rt thankyou american friends ! 👍👏 good job . 
it - persons : top stories of the day ; international bomb plotter jailed for 40 … see more 
may cowboy justice prevail and international bomb plotter abid naseer rot for 40 years in a jail 
man who plotted to bomb manchester jailed for 40 years . 
rt a man who planned to bomb the arndale centre in has been sentenced to 40 years in a us jail … 
convicted terrorists should get mandatory life sentences imo 
rt uk bomb plotter jailed for 40 years : a pakistani man extradited from the uk to ... … 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; international bomb plotter jailed for 40 yea … see more 
u.k. bomb plotter jailed for 40 years in us 
uk plotter jailed for 40 years 
international bomb plotter abid naseer jailed for 40 years in us - 
uk bomb plotter jailed for 40 years - a pakistani man extradited from the uk to the us has been sentenced ... 
rt any thinking of plottin2 bomb t west , keep this in mind , scum jailed 40yrs … 
rt bbc news - uk bomb plotter sentenced to 40 years in us jail 
bomb plotter jailed for 40 years in us , accused of plotting attacks on manchester , new york & copenhagen 


cancels more sharm el-sheikh flights 
airlines cancel sharm el-sheikh flights 
everyday , every story ( almost ) in the news has a common thread . islam/terror . go figure . 
brainlessmuzzos : rt adamaston57 : everyday , every story ( almost ) in the news has a common thread . islam/terror . go … 
airlines cancel more sharm el-sheikh flights 
bbc it was " excellent news " - but easyjet should have cancelled the flights sooner . 
" the safety and security of our customers will continue to be our top priorities in any decisions we may make . " 
rt british airways cancels flights between egypt's sharm el-sheikh and uk until 14 january 
ba and easyjet cancel all flights between and the until january 
easyjet cancels sharm el-sheikh flights 
ba quote ' safety priority ' . why are not monarch following ba & easyjet ? is it the money ? 

rt alton towers says smiler rollercoaster to re-open in 2016 after " human error " caused crash https :/ … 
rt human error caused alton towers rollercoaster crash in june that seriously injured five people , uk theme park says http … 
alton towers smiler ride crash due to 
alton towers ride crash not due to human error , is a wider system error , trevor kletz would turn in his grave ... 
merlin group are distancing themselves despite not verifying the system of operation . 
yeah it's been in the news . 
misinterpreted a shutdown message and did the complete opposite . criminal - smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
alton towers crash due to ' human error ' 
human error caused alton towers accident , apparently . 
alton towers smiler crash caused by human error . surely a design fault to allow human error to come in to play ? 
well , well well . 
' human error ' caused alton towers crash . 
human error ? lets delve deeper -training maybe or ask why is such a critical system able2b manually overridden ?! 
smiler crash at alton towers , that seriously injured five people , was caused by human error . 
roller coaster crash investigation blames ' human error ' as hse investigation continues : 
i think the smiler ride should be demolished as a mark of respect to those who were badly injured . 
staff misunderstood critical safety message in crash 
rt ' human error ' is being blamed for the alton towers crash . but what does ' human error ' mean ? … 
just delivered accident investigation training today hope they went past immediate cause human factors complicated - 
awks ... 
surely a system which lets some chewing gum popping holiday temp override a crash warning has a design error too ? 
rt alton towers smiler crash was caused by " human error " . story still breaking , more news as we get it . … 
was there no auto computer fail safe backup 
thought you may want to see this . if you haven't already :) 
if is the conclusion of this report , then nothing will be learned- alton towers playing the blame game ? 
rt ' human error ' caused crash say the 
so not really human error at all then . poor training or poor design instead - smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
bbc news alton towers smiler ride crash was ' human error ' bbc news human error caused the alton towers … 
human error stated as cause of tragic crash . say protocols not followed 
i wish they wouldn't re-open the ride though 
alton towers rollercoaster , the smiler , crash was human error and is due to reopen in 2016 . read more here : 
no rollercoaster should be able to endanger peoples lives ( or limbs ) through simple human error . poor design . 
not reassuring - how can we have confidence in thrill rides when we know that they are vulnerable to ' human error ' 


rt the hostage situation in roubaix is not linked to the local authorities say 
rt rt the hostage situation in roubaix is not linked to the ... https … 
hostages freed from gunmen in france - 
' hostage situation ' in northern france 
roubaix hostage situation in northern france ends - bbc news 
sorry ... the situation in france was apparently a bungled bank robbery ... still terrorism , but not the same : 
hostages freed from gunmen in france - the hostage situation in the french town of roubaix , near belgium , has e ... 
hmwise/bbceuro – hostages freed from gunmen in france - the hostage situation in the french town of roubaix , nea ... 
another terrorist attack in france ? i'm so glad that the hostages weren't harmed ! 
france is taking a few hits lately ... hope they get peace soon . 
three armed men take hostages in town of roubaix on border w 
top story : hostages held in northern french town of roubaix - bbc news see more 
rt bbc news - hostage situation in northern french town of roubaix 
bbc news - roubaix hostage situation in northern france ends 
roubaix hostage situation in northern france ends with one of the hostage takers killed & another arrested [ bbc ] 
rt bbc news - hostages held in northern french town of roubaix 
what kind of complete numpty thinks that right now is the ideal time to tool up and take hostages ? 
rt ' hostage situation ' in northern france 
if ever there was a time to not bother trying an armed robbery on the french-belgian border , it would be now . 



brussels lockdown : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 
rt 19 anti-terror raids were carried out in the brussels region & 3 others in charleroi , belgian prosecutor says … 
arrests in belgium anti-terror raids 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number arrests to 21 
rt belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
rt detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 https :/ … 
top story : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 
why is it the only people i can speak to on the phone cant give me an answer on a refund for my flight ? 
headline : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 





rt president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information 
looks like the only sane politician in america . 
video : obama and hollande news conference : president obama and president hollande … 
bbc news - obama and hollande news conference after white house meeting 
rt bbcbreaking : president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information , in wake … 
president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information , in wake of 
rt bbcbreaking : president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information , i … 
president calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information , in wake of 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger informatio … 





