turkish military officials say russian warplane shot down after warnings it was violating airspace 
' warplane shot down in syria ' by turks - bbc news 
turkey shoots down russian warplane on syria border - 
rt ' shoots down warplane on syria border ' 
turkey shoots down russian warplane on syria border - bbc news 
turks ' downed russia warplane in syria ' 
of all the worlds religions , islam is the most demanding of respect while doing the least … 
turkey downs near syria-turkey border : ( vine by 
rt cool heads needed now as start of scenario played out over " turkish " skies 
do prepare yourselves !! 
rt wars have started for less . bbc : turkey ' down russian warplane on syria border ' 
rt turkey ' downs russian warplane on syria border ' 
bugger . 
rt turks ' down russian warplane in syria ' : the turkish military says it has shot down a russian war ... … 
oh crap , this is really bad . 
rt turkey is an old friend of terrorists : turkey ' downs russian warplane on syria border ' - 
amazing how dispassionate the bbc can be in its reporting when the story goes against its pro-islam narrative . 
rt turkey ' down russian warplane on syria border 
rt unidentified warplane shot down in syria after violating turkish airspace , turkish military tells reuters … 
the radar track shows the russian jet was flying over turkey and why that jet would have come down on the syrian ... 
certainly at behest of " secret warmongers " who would hate peace , turkey shoots down russian airplane ! 

pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal to create drugs giant 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal to create drugs giant - bbc news 
.. very sceptical of self-serving 👎🏾 seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant 
puck off 
pfizer seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant - via 
pfizer and allergan $160 billion deal sealed to create drugs giant 
- pharmaceuticals companies struggle to cope with patents on a number of major drugs expiring 
seals $160bn allergan - bbc 
this is an interesting inversion deal ! which will create new opportunities for all employees . i have been working … 
pfizer made history by investing in the largest deal ever for £106bn . . 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan takeover 
rt pfizer seals $160bn allergan takeover 
bbc news : pfizer seals $160bn allergan inversion takeover to offshore the profits , pay half the taxes 
pfizer seals 60bn allergan takeover 
rt pfizer seals $160bn deal to buy allergan . relocating hq to dublin will see pfizer tax bill lowered from 35% to 12.5% … 
ireland deal for international business , pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal change of hq address soon ? 
say it hillary , these companies setting up in low population countries with low tax rates , rips us off , us and uk . 
inv€r$ion seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant 
mib - example of m&a with tax advantage 
blindin ' tax dodge 
pfizer one step closer to world domination 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal - trap for a life time won't even come close to a % of this wake up people 

tune into now , is on discussing is and hunting season 
bbc news channel 
the legendary talks to at 1745 on the channel - watch it on tv or streamed here : 
britain's most-watched news channel , delivering breaking news and analysis all day , every day . 
french interior minister makes statement after suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud confirmed dead " 
digital cinema media bans the lord's prayer from uk cinemas in wake of paris . 

attacks : charges fourth suspect with role . 
belgium charges man over paris attacks 
another mohammed & hamza charged with aiding & abetting salah 
belgium charges fourth suspect with role 
rt charges man over paris attacks 
belgium charges fourth suspect with role in paris attack- 
archiving 
“ belgium charges fourth suspect with role ” 
rt belgium charges fourth suspect with role 

world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says " 
world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says … via 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live … see more 
residents & told us what life in lockdown is like 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live updates - bbc news see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - … see more 
paris attacks : 21 arrests in belgium - live updates 
brussels in lockdown the latest on the hunt for salah abdeslam from 
bbc news : summary unavailable 
16 people arrested in belgium . it is so far unconfirmed how many of them were cats 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium . follow live updates here : 
live updates on - 

french president calls for turkey-syria border to close as " matter of urgency " to stop terrorists coming to europe " 
paris attacks : hollande and obama to intensify anti-is push - 
" we will do everything in our power to defend our nation , " president obama says 
france and us intensify anti-is push 
retweeted bbc breaking news ( french president calls for turkey-syria border to close as " matter ... 
french president calls for turkey-syria border to close as " matter of urgency " to stop terrorists coming to … 
security is tight as the french and us presidents meet to step up the offensive against the so-called islamic state militant group . 

international bomb plotter jailed for 40 years in us 
international bomb plotter jailed in us ... 
plotter sentenced to 40 years in us jail 
any thinking of plottin2 bomb t west , keep this in mind , scum jailed 40yrs 
rt bomb plotter sentenced to 40 years in us jail for planned attacks on nyc and copenhagen … 
rt a man who planned to bomb the arndale centre in has been sentenced to 40 years in a us jail … 
uk bomb plotter jailed for 40 years 
uk bomb plotter sntenced to 40 yrs in us jail - wher ignornce gts u so kp shoutng violnce in 

defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - bbc news 
defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 
rt huge respect for our armed services but they are not a police service and are subject to political control . … 
a ' war ' = militarisation : cameron's defence spending review comments blur military-police counter-terror boundary 
uk news : strategic defence review tav commentary : apart from this not being a response to terrorism and ... 
trident now costing almost £500 per head 
repression coming to uk soon 
rt they simply will not fund the police will they ! a military response means nothing as we will be the 1st responders ! https : … 
the grand old duke of cameron he deployed ( up to ) 10,000 men and when the threat was over he made them redundant >> 
defence review : 10000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - bbc news 
' 10,000 troops ' to tackle terror attacks 
no money for the people millions for war : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - 
today has been a good day for our armed forces . very pleased with the strategic defence and security review . 
are a threat to liberty , peace and security so let's buy more arms 
all things considered , a pretty decent defence review . 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attack and other ideas . by 2025 . 2025 ?! 
well done you found a ise for all the body bags labour bought 
terror should demand nothing less than 100% of our entire , on-going defense budget 
defence . 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - t trident wouldn't be ready until 2030's what's the point ? 
rt bbc news - review : could put 10,000 troops on uk streets to deal with … 
review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - necessary as a minimum . 
all these jets and nuclear missiles will be perfect for taking out a handful of gunmen in a residential area 
it's a start , bit still nowhere near enough . 
is this providing the means to defend ?...... 
rt democratically accountable civil defence , yes ; strike brigades , paramilitary policing and trident , no- … 
rt defence review : pm could send 10,000 troops on to streets - 
troops on streets to do their jobs if attacked . £31bn so trident can do its job . against ? 
can the rapid force help to feed the increasing number of people going to foodbanks . bbc news - defence review : pm 
rt so the minute any threat or attack happens in the uk , we get ordered around by soldiers ? 
rt £12bn of welfare cuts by & and remarkably an extra £12bn found for the military … 

plane crash : airlines cancel more sharm el-sheikh flights 
- airlines cancel sharm el-sheikh flights 
cancels more sharm el-sheikh flights 
easyjet cancels sharm el-sheikh flights 
everyday , every story ( almost ) in the news has a common thread . islam/terror . go figure . 
airlines cancel more sharm el-sheikh flights - british airways & easyjet services are suspended until january 
ba quote ' safety priority ' . why are not monarch following ba & easyjet ? is it the money ? 
top story : info & news egypt plane crash : easyjet cancels more sharm el-sheikh … see more 
tweet top story : egypt plane crash : easyjet cancels more sharm el-sheikh flight … see more 
egypt plane crash : easyjet cancels more sharm el-s … see more 

alton towers says smiler rollercoaster to re-open in 2016 after " human error " caused crash 
alton towers crash due to \'human error\' 
rt alton towers smiler crash was caused by " human error " . story still breaking , more news as we get it . … 
was there no auto computer fail safe backup 
rt human error caused alton towers rollercoaster crash in june that seriously injured five people , uk theme park says http … 
alton towers smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
' human error ' caused alton towers crash 
thought you may want to see this . if you haven't already :) 
if is the conclusion of this report , then nothing will be learned- alton towers playing the blame game ? 
rt ' human error ' caused crash say the 
so not really human error at all then . poor training or poor design instead - smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
bbc news alton towers smiler ride crash was ' human error ' bbc news human error caused the alton towers … 
human error stated as cause of tragic crash . say protocols not followed 
i wish they wouldn't re-open the ride though 
alton towers rollercoaster , the smiler , crash was human error and is due to reopen in 2016 . read more here : 
rt ' human error ' is being blamed for the alton towers crash . but what does ' human error ' mean ? … 
no rollercoaster should be able to endanger peoples lives ( or limbs ) through simple human error . poor design . 
not reassuring - how can we have confidence in thrill rides when we know that they are vulnerable to ' human error ' 
alton towers crash was \'human error\' 
do you read this and think people are idiots or that the safeguards needed improving ? 
crash was human error ? i operated rollercoaster for 3 yrs - you can't crash-em , computer won't let you . 
alton towers crash ' human error ' surely it's a system design failure that made it possible for the error to happen ? 
alton towers smiler ride crash due to ' " staff misunderstood a shutdown message " , but why and how ??? 
would hate to be one of the people working on the ride at the time 😂 idiots . 
knew this would be the outcome ... 🤔 
bbc - smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
smiler is reopening :d people must be feeling guilty as ' human error ' was the cause . it still sucks for those hurt . 
re-opening 2016 - who's up for a go on the ' that-one-that-almost-killed-people ' ride ? safe if operated by non-humans 
rt personally i will ensure that no member of my family sets foot in this place ever again ... 
did this accident chnage your view on how safe theme parks are ? 
the smiler crash at alton towers down to human error 

it is with regret that due to world events both in the usa and europe that both mark summers and jerry schilling ... 
us issues worldwide travel alert 
us issues worldwide | rt 
rt bbc news - us issues rare global travel alert over terror threats 
us issues worldwide travel alert - bbc news 
rt us issues worldwide travel alert 
rt us state department issues global travel alert - 
the us has issued a worldwide travel alert for its citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " . 
for fellow us travelers who may not have heard ... us issues travel alert over terror threats - 
country with 994 mass shootings in 1004 days warns its citizens that travelling abroad is dangerous . 
sometimes i wonder . how come this guys are the first to know about impending terrorist attacks ? why create ... 
why is the united state causing world panic . they are the ones always alerting and the first to know about ... 
rt us issues global travel alert for its citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " 
the has issued a worldwide alert for its citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " . 
helpful travel alert for us citizens , essentially travelling anywhere . avoid crowded places - anywhere . utter nonsense 
the us issues a worldwide travel alert to its citizens ... vague , broad , helpful ?? 
a reminder . 
united states tells its citizens : " for the love of god , don't travel anywhere foreign or you'll die ! " 
a wave of and media sensation of risks overshadowing 

argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - 
argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - bbc news 
rt opposition candidate mauricio macri wins argentina presidential election run-off , according to exit polls . … 
opposition ' wins argentina presidency ' - 
argentina conservative ahead in poll 
opposition's is now confirmed winner and new in election results 
kirchenerism ending in argentina 

rt explosion on bus carrying presidential guards in tunis kills at least 11 people , tunisian interior ministry says … 
blast hits state security bus in tunis 
at least 12 killed in attack on a bus in tunisia 
absn_tv : rt bbcbreaking : explosion on bus carrying presidential guards in tunis kills at least 11 people , tunisian … 
tunisia bus of presidential guards targeted in blast 
second attack in six months , inc beach massacre : 11 killed in tunisia bus blast 
all the latest from 

brussels lockdown : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 
rt 19 anti-terror raids were carried out in the brussels region & 3 others in charleroi , belgian prosecutor says … 
arrests in belgium anti-terror raids 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number arrests to 21 
rt belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
rt detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 https :/ … 
top story : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 
why is it the only people i can speak to on the phone cant give me an answer on a refund for my flight ? 
headline : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 

world service gets funding boost from government 
british government is to invest £85m a year in enhancing bbc services around the world 
bbc world service gets funding boost 
war machine confirms propaganda budget - world service gets funding boost from government 
rt bbc pidgin and bbc yoruba coming soon 
bbc world service gets funding boost from government - bbc news 
rt any good news about the world service should be good news for the world . 
bbc news - bbc world service gets funding boost from government 
bbc world service gets £85m per year funding boost from government ; aims to build reach in north korea and africa 
confirmed : bbc is to broadcast to ethiopia and eritrea , but in which languages ? 
has received a funding boost to expand its world service 
bbc news - bbc world service gets funding boost from government great news here 
great to see the government giving the bbc world service a big funding boost ... 
. gets funding boost from government , by 
bbc world service : enables many to hear diverse voices and different points of view where domestic media is sterile 
bbc increased funding aimed at countries with a " democracy deficit " including m east russia , n korea and 
bbc's world services funding to be boosted to £85 billion a year from 2017 : 
in democracy crisis nations such as ethiopia , bbc ws gets uk gov't funding approval for program air time 
will renewed funds restore lang services like amazing 2 bulk of ssa only reached by sw ? 
better late than never for uk govt to realise defunding the ws was stupid , i guess : 
a good call from the gov ; will make a gd difference to worldwide democracy should not have been cut in 1stplace tho 
rt 5 years after cutting funding uk govt reinvests in at last realized how valuable it is ? … 
increased funding for we all benefit . 
rt grave mistake for bbc to accept direct govt funding . it was ok when world service was separate . worrying . … 

warrant issued for new paris suspect 
abdelhamid abaaoud was in vicinity of bataclan theatre while police operation was ongoing , says paris prosecutor 
more : abdelhamid abaaoud was in vicinity of paris theater while police oper … 
paris attacks : warrant issued for new suspect mohamed abrini - 
belgian police issue picture of mohamed abrini , wanted in connection with 
warrant issued for new paris suspect : belgian prosecutors name a new suspect in the paris attacks case , mohamed … 
issue picture wanted in connection 
more : abdelhamid abaaoud was in vicinity of paris theater while police operation was ongoing , prosecutor says - ... 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : abdelhamid abaaoud was in vicinity of bataclan theatre while police operation was ongoin … 
rt bbcbreaking : abdelhamid abaaoud was in vicinity of bataclan theatre while police operation was ongoing , says pa … 
belgian prosecutors name a new suspect in the paris attacks case , mohamed abrini , who they say was seen in a car with fugitive salah abdeslam . 

: extended over ' imminent threat ' - 
obama says paris attacks aren't ' new normal ' . new normal is actually european cities locked down to prevent attacks 
we won't let the terrorists change our way of life , except for maybe having europe's capitals on indefinite lockdown 
rt we won't let terrorists change our way of life , except for maybe having europe's capitals on indefinite lockdown … 
brussels alert to stay at highest level 
“ imminent threat ” 
marshal law in belgium ? here we stand in late 2015 with the capital city of europe , brussels , in its third day ... 
citizens in brussels have been warned off the streets amid fears of a serious and imminent terrorist attack 
' imminent threat ' extends brussels alert 
bloody nightmare =\ 
top story : brussels alert ' stays at highest level ' - bbc news see more 
rt paris attacks : brussels alert stays at highest level 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; brussels alert ' stays at highest level ' - bb … see more 
brussels alert extended over ' imminent threat ' , 16 arrests in belgium fugitive salah abdeslam not among them - bbc 
rt belgian pm says brussels security alert status to stay at highest level 
not to make it sound trivial , but can you really refer to someone who's alive as a suicide bomber ? 
【brussels has been on lockdown all weekend , amid a manhunt for suspected paris attacker salah abdeslam . 】 

list of labour mp's who voted for or against trident . the rest abstained or were nowhere to be seen . 
mps reject the snp's anti-trident motion by 330 to 64 
you can follow live text and video coverage of the trident debate at westminster here ▶ 
politics live : trident debate 
rt uk defence review : - £178bn investment over next 10 years - 2 new " strike brigades " - 9 maritime patrol aircraft https … 
politics live : trident debate - bbc news 
rolling coverage of political developments : nhs funding , trident , ashdown on syria ... bbc politics live - 
the govt admits to sacrificing welfare costs to increase defence spending : debate live : 
rt pm to outline case on thursday for uk " going after isil at their headquarters in syria " … 
top story : politics live : monday 23 november - bbc news see more 
rt david cameron's back in the uk , ready to put case for action in syria . bbc politics live - https :/ … 
live page on uk government's defence review . massive extra investment . 
hmg will be investing £5.8 bn in climate finance " supporting fragile and broken states " in order to “ play our part ... 

president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information , in wake of 
video : obama and hollande news conference : president obama and president hollande … 
bbc news - obama and hollande news conference after white house meeting 
rt bbcbreaking : president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information , in wake … 
rt bbcbreaking : president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information , i … 
president calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information , in wake of 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger informatio … 
rt bbcbreaking : president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing … 

conservative mauricio macri wins argentina presidency 
let's hope macri brings sanity back to argentinian position on falklands & ending kirchner's dangerous rhetoric 
rt bbc news - mauricio wins presidency 
one down , one to go ; ) 
conservative wins argentina presidency 
argentina rediscovers a bit of political common sense 
bit of hope for argentina ; can't be any worse than that dreadful de kirchner woman 
conservative mauricio macri wins presidency 
narrowly votes out peronists and opts for centre-right macri as president 
a fresh start for argentina 
i hope that macri's victory will bring prosperity and an end to destructive populism in 
conservative victory bad , but mind-numbing populist bullshit from the other side dug its own grave . 
with macri's victory , argentina inaugurates a new cycle in latin american politics . 
makes a bold move and a positive one ! 
this seems a sound decision . here's hoping that this will bring an end to peronist style populism . i would like to … 
i remember the after first round , crowing how the left wing candidate had won by a ' landslide ' - ooops 
wow ! now heres hoping he diesnt do a menem ... 
change for 
rt top story in questo momento : conservative mauricio macri wins argentina preside … see more http … 

shooting down of russian jet will have " serious consequences " for moscow's relations with turkey - vladimir putin 
bbc breaking : " russian soldier killed in rescue mission for downed jet pilots " - 
rt - russian jet shot down in syria - turkey : warnings ignored - russia denies violating airspace latest : … 
your details seem a little out of date looking at other news sources . 
' zero problems with neighbours ' is well in the past then ... 
russia says warplane shot down by turkish jets in syria did not enter turkish airspace 
rt putin calls turkey accomplices to terrorists & they have stabbed russia in the back ( 12.55 ) 
rt . to hold extraordinary meeting in brussels at turkey's request , after downing of russian jet in syria … 
those handles that are being posted here : from the su-24 are not from the parachute 1/2 
worldwide bloggers top story : warplane shot down at syria border with turkey - … see more 
top story : warplane shot down at syria border with turkey - bbc news see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; warplane shot down at syria border with turk … see more 
please let's not let this turkish situation escalate ( especially not during the 100th anniversary of ww1 ! 
so is angry but recorded the fighter going down . i think russian pilots are on ego trips , let loose 
top story warplane shot down at syria border with turkey - bbc ne … see more 
top story : with raymond warplane shot down at syria border wit … see more 
top story : news !!! warplane shot down at syria border with turkey - bbc news see more 
rt this could get messy v quickly 

david cameron holding talks with french president hollande 
david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande - bbc news 
david cameron : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
world united in terror fight - cameron 
in uk interest : pm only in dave's tory interest .. we're safer if we leave middle east alone . 
cameron view : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - rest of the world fighting daesh 
christmas cancelled peace to all men put on hold - world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' 
pm holding talks with french president 
we will never defeat is it's one of the most commonly used words ! seriously tho call them daesh , not a ' state ' 
i dunno man , it doesnt seem like bombs and guns will actually stop them , and will probably help their cause ? 
pm to hold talks with french president 
rt prime minister to told talks with francois hollande on c o-o peration against isil . 
cameron and hollande meet in paris to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
if the ' world ' was united , we wouldn't be fighting 
top story : get your tank refill now david cameron to hold talks with french pre … see more 
[ news botfeed top story ] david cameron to hold talks with french president holl … see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; david cameron to hold talks with french pres … see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : david cameron to hold talks with french … see more 
david cameron : uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - bbc news 
top story david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande … see more 

pm announces defence review . amazing how the no brain politicos who led us into this mess think they can get us out . 
video : pm announces defence and security review - 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of an … top story 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of … 
bbc news - pm announces defence and security review 
david cameron gives details of an additional £12bn of equipment spending , as he outlines the strategic defence and … 
live : pm announces defence and security review via 

