

puck off 
pfizer seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant - via 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal to create drugs giant 
pfizer and allergan $160 billion deal sealed to create drugs giant 
- pharmaceuticals companies struggle to cope with patents on a number of major drugs expiring 
seals $160bn allergan - bbc 
this is an interesting inversion deal ! which will create new opportunities for all employees . i have been working … 
pfizer made history by investing in the largest deal ever for £106bn . . 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan takeover 
rt pfizer seals $160bn allergan takeover 
bbc news : pfizer seals $160bn allergan inversion takeover to offshore the profits , pay half the taxes 
pfizer seals 60bn allergan takeover 
rt pfizer seals $160bn deal to buy allergan . relocating hq to dublin will see pfizer tax bill lowered from 35% to 12.5% … 
ireland deal for international business , pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal change of hq address soon ? 
say it hillary , these companies setting up in low population countries with low tax rates , rips us off , us and uk . 
inv€r$ion seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant 
mib - example of m&a with tax advantage 
blindin ' tax dodge 
pfizer one step closer to world domination 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal - trap for a life time won't even come close to a % of this wake up people 




bbc world service gets funding boost 
world service gets funding boost from government 
rt bbc pidgin and bbc yoruba coming soon 
bbc world service gets funding boost from government - bbc news 
rt any good news about the world service should be good news for the world . 
bbc news - bbc world service gets funding boost from government 
bbc world service gets £85m per year funding boost from government ; aims to build reach in north korea and africa 
confirmed : bbc is to broadcast to ethiopia and eritrea , but in which languages ? 
has received a funding boost to expand its world service 
bbc news - bbc world service gets funding boost from government great news here 
great to see the government giving the bbc world service a big funding boost ... 
. gets funding boost from government , by 
bbc world service : enables many to hear diverse voices and different points of view where domestic media is sterile 
bbc increased funding aimed at countries with a " democracy deficit " including m east russia , n korea and 
bbc's world services funding to be boosted to £85 billion a year from 2017 : 
in democracy crisis nations such as ethiopia , bbc ws gets uk gov't funding approval for program air time 
will renewed funds restore lang services like amazing 2 bulk of ssa only reached by sw ? 
better late than never for uk govt to realise defunding the ws was stupid , i guess : 
a good call from the gov ; will make a gd difference to worldwide democracy should not have been cut in 1stplace tho 
5 years after cutting funding uk govt reinvests in at last realized how valuable it is ? 
increased funding for we all benefit . 
rt grave mistake for bbc to accept direct govt funding . it was ok when world service was separate . worrying . … 







belgium charges fourth suspect with role 
another mohammed & hamza charged with aiding & abetting salah 
belgium charges man over paris attacks 
bbc news - attacks : charges fourth suspect with role 
rt charges man over paris attacks 
belgium charges fourth suspect with role in paris attack- 
archiving 
“ belgium charges fourth suspect with role ” 
rt belgium charges fourth suspect with role 

david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande - bbc news 
david cameron : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
world united in terror fight - cameron 
in uk interest : pm only in dave's tory interest .. we're safer if we leave middle east alone . 
cameron view : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - rest of the world fighting daesh 
christmas cancelled peace to all men put on hold - world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' 
pm holding talks with french president 
we will never defeat is it's one of the most commonly used words ! seriously tho call them daesh , not a ' state ' 
i dunno man , it doesnt seem like bombs and guns will actually stop them , and will probably help their cause ? 
pm to hold talks with french president 
rt prime minister to told talks with francois hollande on c o-o peration against isil . 
cameron and hollande meet in paris to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
if the ' world ' was united , we wouldn't be fighting 
top story : get your tank refill now david cameron to hold talks with french pre … see more 
[ news botfeed top story ] david cameron to hold talks with french president holl … see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; david cameron to hold talks with french pres … see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : david cameron to hold talks with french … see more 
david cameron : uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - bbc news 
top story david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande … see more 




