and eu strike migrants deal 
migrant crisis : turkey and eu strike deal to limit refugee flow . 
rt fucking turks ! want in eu ? -prove ur worth instead of blackmail & leverage ! ( i so hope uk votes ' ou … 
rt eu bribes turkey over migrant crisis with €3bn and the promise of more with eu membership . bad day for security . https :/ … 
rt turkey is to join the eu , the uk is powerless we will be forced to open our borders to them total madness … 
" let us into the eu and pay us for the privilege , or we'll let shitloads of refugees in " , imply turkey . 
as russia cuts ties , europe draws turkey in . russia's response is bad for russia , good for the west . 
migrant crisis : turkey and eu seek deal to limit refugees ' flow - 
surely once the migrants have turkish status they can then come to the eu anyway !? 
rt on turkey joining eu : | " talks on accession to the eu will also be revived " ht … 
rt ffs , the bloody turks are using migrants to blackmail their way into the eu 
rt turkey and eu strike deal to limit refugee flow 
eu financial might used to pay way out of moral obligation shockingly deemed acceptable by bbc . 
turkey has used refugees as a bargaining chip to win free movement in eu for 75m turks 
shame on the strike deal to limit refugee flow - 
£2bn and travel without visas in europe . after shooting down the russian plane this seems so wrong . 
no amount of money will ease the unless it address the root causes - all else is a myopic waste . 
bbc news - migrant crisis : lick ass and eu strike deal to limit refugee flow ? it's win win win for turkey ! !! 
rt and the hits just keep on coming ! now the eu offers 3 billion euro to turkey , to tighten border controls and to ... htt … 
turkey to receive €3bn from the eu in return for keeping migrants within its own borders , eu accession talks will 
rt eu agrees to give turkey 3bn euros to help address migrant crisis , and to revive turkey's eu accession process https://… 
so , the solution is to pay and just forget about the problem . is a typical rich behavior to solve issues . 
will this deal resolve the refugee crisis in the eu and turkey ? 

rt tyson fury becomes the world champion , grabs the microphone and starts singing aerosmith ! … 
rt some blood on klitschko's face , underneath his left eye . five rounds in and fury is happy . … 
rt here we go . tyson fury is ready . will britain have a new world champion ? … 
rt tyson fury becomes world champion . 115-112 , 115-112 , 116-111 . klitschko is beaten . … 
rt a unification bout for all the heavyweight titles in 2016 ? reaction : … 
rt klitschko hasn't lost while fury has been a professional boxer . live commentary … 
rt another world title for manchester . reaction : report : … 
rt tyson fury's trainer peter fury : " you have two rounds left . don't leave it to the judges . " … 
rt tyson fury has ended wladimir klitschko's reign as world heavyweight champion . reaction : … 
rt they have argued about the gloves , the canvas & now the hand wraps . klitschko v fury live : … 
rt fury taunting klitschko . " he did more than enough to win the third round . " … 

great britain win for first time in 79 years after andy murray victory 
" 🏆 🎾 great britain win the davis cup 🎾 🏆 " 
rt great britain win the davis cup the 79-year wait is over ... 
rt after asking what would be andy murray's biggest achievement ? you voted as follows ... … 
rt andy murray falls to the floor as his gb teammates pile on ... 
rt great britain have won the davis cup for first time in 79 years after andy murray victory https … 
rt andy murray can clinch the for gb with victory vs goffin - he leads 2-1 . … 
top story : davis cup final : britain s andy murray takes on belgium s david goff ? see more 
rt one set away ! not getting carried away but ... 📺 📻 📱💻 … 
rt switch to or now ! gb are on the verge of 🎾 history . … 
rt 3-3 . murray is making life difficult for himself but what a match ! live : … 
rt gb have made history ... it's 11 in 11 for andy murray in the … 

rt 9am ahead of the debate , should the uk take part in air strikes against so-called islam … 
even by breathtakingly biased standards , this beggars belief . absolutely no mention of labour's turmoil ! 
rt " there is growing support across parliament " for action in syria , says … 
vote on wednesday , says david 
syria vote on wednesday , says pm 
cameron's narrative of the ' right thing to do ' isn't helpful and obscures real issues 
syria vote on wednesday , says pm - bbc news 
wow . uk actually has a functional legislature : air strikes vote on wednesday , says david cameron - 
as with iraq , a facade of urgency to suppress critical thought . - 
the diktat of a man who sees parliament as a hurdle , not a boundary marker ... 
cameron claims serve national interest . sad to predict isis attack against uk . 
new : syria vote on wednesday , says pm 
syria air strikes vote on wednesday/david cameron .. aggression + aggression = aggression 
syria air strikes vote on wednesday/david cameron .. ww 3 coming soon to a planet you're standing on ! 
syria air strikes vote on wednesday/david cameron .. war = money .. hey dave !? 
people , get messaging your mp ! 
should all day and stop the vote going ahead 😄 
rt the ghost of blair returns for christmas 
syria air strikes vote on wednesday , says cameron ( with only 1 days debate ) 
: syria vote on wednesday , says pm david cameron is to ask his cabinet to endorse a one-day commons deba … 
syria air strikes vote to be bulldozed through on wednesday in war rush with 70000 phoney troops 
bbc news - syria air strikes vote on wednesday dave says bomb : we bomb . wait a minute . debate . reason . empathy . iraq ? 
air strikes vote wednesday , says cameron . erm , dave , the liberals have already let the bombers in , it's too late !! 
stay up to date with the latest on syria air strikes vote ! 
the syria air strikes vote is tomorrow ! this commons debate will decide whether the uk will bomb syria or not ...... 
rt old dodgy is just itching - 
what would you say to your mp about join the conversation on 0116 251 1049 
9am ahead of the debate , should the uk take part in air strikes against so-called islamic state in syria ? 
9am full day commons debate & vote tomorrow on whether uk should bomb islamic state targets in syria 
bbc news - air strikes vote on wednesday , says 
the pm is to ask his cabinet to endorse a one-day commons debate & vote on wednesday over uk air strikes against is . 
terrorists not respecting borders is no excuse for law-abiding countries to copy them : 
vote on in tomorrow says 

big crowds welcome pope francis to the central african republic 
pope francis tells car to ' arm themselves with justice ' 
_cicc : rt danyachaikel : pope francis tells car to ' arm themselves with justice ' - 
rt pope francis arrives in conflict-wracked car after uganda - bbc omits muslims took power and started sectarianism htt … 
pope francis heads to conflict-wracked car after uganda - bbc news 
pope francis arrives in conflict zone car after uganda - 
pope calls for reconciliation in car - 
great to see working to defuse communal violence in car - hopefully will help the peace process 
a little bit of news , keeping you in the loop . it's what we do ! pope calls for reconciliation in … 
rt francis - in conflict zone - seeks ' new chapter'!!!!! 

turkey-russia jet downing : moscow announces sanctions 
bbc news - -russia jet downing : moscow announces sanctions 
russia announces turkey sanctions 
turkey-russia jet downing : moscow announces economic sanctions . not military action . 
imposes sanctions on for downing of its jet 
russian firms won't be able to hire turks , charter flights to turkey banned ... 
jet downing : announces sanctions 
putin's announces sanctions against following fighter jet downing . 
rt moscow announces sanctions and a decree signed by viladimir puttin 
russia announces a package of economic against turkey for downing a russian jet on syrian border . 
so the baby spat the dummy ....... moscow announces sanctions 
rt imposes tough sanctions on this will hurt . a lot . so , what will be ankara's n … 
rt russia announces package of economic sanctions against turkey over shooting down of russian jet on syrian border https : … 
putin import ban conspicuously excludes turkish delight 
putin's not liked but big mistake jet shorting . at risk of ww3 , it will suffer alone . 
people suffering because two people with too much responsibility has a fight with planes 
this is from the bbc talks about 90,000 + workers but no mention of sacking 
rt easyjet cheap flights to turkey … moscow announces sanctions 

rt police in paris fire tear gas into a crowd of protesters at ahead of … 
day two of the un climate summit with 151 world leaders in attendance is happening now . follow the day here : 
follow live coverage from day two of the un climate summit in paris 
151 world leaders speak for climate ! words => wise action . 
rt get the latest on rallies taking place across the world ahead of here : … 
follow developments at live via 
stay up-to-date with the latest news and views from by following live feed . 
rt police in paris fire tear gas into a crowd of protesters at ahead of http … 
rt a digest of today's cop21 events + developments 
i'm exhausted already ! your bbc digest of all that happened at the opening day of 
live updates from the bbc : 
peru's manuel pulgar vidal says can send " a strong signal of hope " . for latest updates on 
rt 100 arrested paris scuffles trouble ' shouldn't cause clampdown ' 
cop21 live : marches on eve of summit 
the un climate summit opens . 
cop21 : paris conference could be climate turning point , says obama ... 
cop21 live : world leaders address paris climate summit - ( but we need more than speeches ) 
people from across the world gather to speak about a very important issue that affects all of us 
brush up on climate talk history - watch a summary by bbc 
xi jinping : is not a finish line , but a new starting point 
the world is looking to you . the world is counting on you " 
is underway in paris and is hoped by to be a climate turning point . follow live updates here 
watch world leaders address the entire planet here : 
live updates from bbc reporters at the summit online now : 
live coverage of the speeches with in one audio channel - very interesting ! 
has officially opened . follow our live page for up-to-the-minute reporting : 
chances are , there'll be enough hot air released at this to melt the greenland ice cap . 
aaaaaah obama . he has this statemanlike gaze . * swoon * wonder if it's natural talent or trained . 
three minute time limit , so far , seems more of a guideline ... obama is next at watch here : 
world leaders speeches to start soon 
live reporting of cop21 can be found here 
paris summit openbs ( live ) 
cop21 live : paris summit opens 
for latest updates head over to the page being curated by the ace 
world leaders begin talks on follow here via 
and it begins ! kicks off today . follow for live updates . 
a brief history of climate talks 
the 2015 paris conference has opened . follow bbc's live coverage here : 
follow the latest updates from on the bbc event page , with live updates - 
has begun ! listen to the masses and strike a deal for a safe climate future !! 
world leader's talks begin at 12pm cet ( 1h : 20m from now ) . 
world leaders have gathered today to start talks on a comprehensive agreement . follow events live : 
follow the latest updates on cop21paris climate talks with 
' cop21 : paris summit opens ' - follow updates of the paris talks live with 
rt your one-stop-shop is now open for business : is behind the counter in paris . … 

german cabinet approves is mission 
german cabinet supports military support mission but not action against amid concerns over mission creep : 
german cabinet approves is mission : the german cabinet backs plans for military support in the fight against i ... 
day before parliament debate cabinet approves support for fighting is . via 
the german cabinet backs plans for military support in the fight against islamic state ... 

rt " i can't believe we did it " - andy murray on win 
andy murray wins the davis cup for great britain 
rt if you're just coming home ... you've missed a historic day in the … 
rt this is what it means to win the 
impressive . andy murray joins peers federer , djokovic & nadal - leading his country to a davis cup title : 
like andy murray are you someone who got a lift when you represented your country ? 
rt great britain win davis cup for first time since 1936 
rt great britain have won the for the first time since 1936 . … 
congrats to team gb crew 
rt time for the confetti and fireworks ... 🎆 🎾 🏆 
rt unbelievable ! andy murray wins the for gb full story : … 
rt great britain are the 🏆 🏆 champions . 
murray wins davis cup for britain 
bbcbreaking : " i can't believe we did it " - andy murray on win 
murray wins davis cup for britain : great britain win their first davis cup since 1936 after andy murray beat b ... 
well done andy murray for bringing home a win ! 
bbcsport : unbelievable ! andy murray wins the for gb full story : 
great britain have won the davis cup for the first time since 1936 after andy murray beat belgium's david goffin ... 
rt what a way to celebrate st andrew's day ! congratulations - bbc sport - andy murray wins davis cup for great britain ht … 
rt " it is incredible we managed to win this competition " - andy murray … 
rt the boy from dunblane has only gone and made history again ! well done andy ! 
well done andy ! you've made great britain proud ! 
well done team gb . fantastic win . now is the time to get the word out there , tour the country with the davis cup and … 
rt has to be murray and the uk davis cup team - congratulations from bedlam brewery … 
congratulations to andy murray for winning the for great britain ! full story : 
such an amazing result this weekend well done to the whole team 
congratulations to the great britain team . fantastic for the sport ! 
rt massive well done to the gb men's tennis team who've won the davis cup for the first time since 1936 ... 
great britain have won the davis cup for the first time since 1936 . ( image credit 

abortion law ' breaches human rights ' 
rt abortion law in northern ireland breaches human rights , rules high court - a major decision : 
rt historic decision in on 
rt the high court in belfast rules abortion legislation in northern ireland is in breach of human rights laws … 
rt an enormous breakthrough : northern ireland abortion ban found to violate women's human rights , and now must change https : … 
northern ireland high court rules anti-abortion laws invalid in cases of abuse , on human rights grounds : 
rt as usual in ni the important decisions are taken by judiciary not politicians . 
rt flagrant & illegal breaches of women's human rights strengthen case for labour candidates in n ireland elections . https : … 
here's our daily snippet from the bbc's health team . please feel free to share or comment ... ni abortion law ' b ... 
rt well done to and all the very courageous women and families who gave evidence . h … 
rt abortion laws found wanting by courts 

rt turkey to hand over russian pilot's body 
turkey to hand over russian pilot's body after syria downing 
russian pilot's body flown to ankara ... 
turkey to over russia pilot's body 
rt turkey to hand over russia pilot's body : turkey says it has received the body o ... … 
rt russian pilot\'s body flown to ankara 
russian pilot's body flown to after honours . 
a small update on the problem : and 
turkey presents russian pilot's body to diplomats 
body presented to russian diplomats ... 
to hand over body after syria downing 
turkey to hand over russia pilot's body : turkey is preparing to send back to russia the body of the pilot kill ... 

faulty part ' factor ' in airasia crash 
faulty part ' major factor ' 
faulty part ‘ factor ’ in airasia crash 
rt the airbus group a320-200 , going from surabaya to singapore , was 40 minutes into the flight when contact was lost . t … https … 
faulty part " major factor " in airasia plane crash last december , which killed 162 people 
<-- article doesn't say what the crew should have done . ( if anything different from what they did . ) 
a faulty component as well as the crew's response caused an airasia plane to crash into the java sea last dece ... 

syria : " we would like to have vote for military action " - michael fallon tells andrew 
corbyn very impressive on point the electorate in that direction 
rt jeremy corbyn and michael fallon will be on the andrew show on updates here : … 
recap : labour and uk syria debate - bbc news see more 
rt jeremy corbyn tells no decision yet on giving labour mps free vote on syria : … 
rt syria : " we would like to have vote for military action " - michael fallon tells andrew https :/ … 
uk government does not yet have the votes to allow syria air strikes , defence secretary michael fallon says 
top recap : labour and uk syria debate - bbc news see more 
coverage biased + incompetent : yestdy politics summary 5 labour items nowt on shapps ! 
rt defence secretary michael fallon on - 
david cameron puts case for uk syria air strikes - bbc news 

us marine guilty of transgender killing 
“ previously known as ” bit seems irrelevant here ? 

turkey ' shot down plane for is oil ' 
rt ' we've every reason to think decision 2 shoot down plane was dictated by desire 2 protect oil supply lines 2 turkey ' https : … 
europe ( uk ) top story : russia says turkey ' shot down plane for is oil ' - bbc ne … see more 
bbc news - russia says turkey ' shot down plane for is oil ' 
russia says turkey ' shot down plane for is oil ' - bbc news 
rt russia says turkey ' shot down plane for is oil ' 
says ' shot down plane for oil ' 
russia says turkey ‘ shot down plane for is oil ’ - 
says ' shot down plane for is oil ' 

labour mps to get free vote on syria - 
labour mps to get free vote on syria - bbc news 
at least we'll know who're the hawks and who're the doves >> 
shows he hasn't got the wisdom character or principles to lead why no whip to prevent unjustified war ? 
since we aren't getting 2 day debate or free vote from cons , should the whip be reconsidered by labour ? 
as politics : bbc news - labour mps to get free vote on syria 
labour mps get free vote on syria 
rt sorry your anti corbyn coverage is sickening . why report he was " given a good kicking " ?? pathetic … 
rt gets a " kicking " is trying " to build support " giving off some serious ' we want bombing ' vibes ! https … 
corbyn's decision to give labour mps a free vote on bombing isis in syria the most principled he could have made 
cameron has vote is set for weds , presume this means that bombing will start on thursday . 
marxist nutter flogged by mps & get free vote on 
rt ducks the issue on do-able for now , but not a tactic that can be deployed longer term . … 
rt hawkish mps should remember that their electorate and plps will also have a free vote at some point . … 
greater love hath no man than he lay down other's lives , in other countries , for his party's unity . 
bbc news - to get free vote on 
i knew deep down corbyn couldn't resist a strike 
gives mps a free vote on so his tories can vote with real tories for more war - 
rt if labour mps support war it won't be 1st time , from vietnam to iraq , but it will be worst time , no mandate . https :/ … 
rt what sort of mp talks about giving someone a " kicking " ? one that doesn't mind killing civilians ? ht … 
labour mps 2 get free vote on syria if labour help 2 win i leave the party pdq ! 
rt free vote on syria . i don't know how anyone could be whipped into voting for war . an mp's conscience paramount … 

rallies around the world demand action 
rt rallies call for climate change action : demonstrations are getting under way worldwide to demand action to sto ... https : … 
rallies call for paris climate change action 
bbc news - cop21 : rallies call for paris climate change action 
cop21 : rallies call for paris climate change action - bbc news 
rt cop21 : rallies call for paris climate change action 
rt rallies call for change action 
rt latest on the climate rallies ahead of coming up on news at ten 
rt paris rallies call for action https :/ … 
rt rallies call for climate change action ahead of paris summit 
rallies call for action at paris . good summary from the bbc . 
over 1/2 a million people marched for yesterday 
rt how setting tax helps & spurs 
rt biggest ever in london with 50,000 people . 
cop21 : rallies call for paris change action 
some great images from the climate demonstrations around the world ... 
worldwide rallies yesterday call for paris change action at summit bbc news 
hundreds of thousands mobilise worldwide to demand action to stop at 
rt global rallies in support of a agreement for a https : … 
: please listen to the calls of all these thousands of people demanding real action to stop 
rt global call for ahead of summit : https://… 
thousands march for climate action 
rallies call for climate change action ahead of paris summit - bbc news 
dishonesty update : memorial destruction buried in celebratory piece 

disruption expected as junior doctors ' strike called off - 
bbc news - disruption expected as junior doctors ' strike called off 
rt junior doctors ’ strike called off . apologies if the news came too late and ur appt/procedure was postponed … 
24-hour strike called off 
disruption as doctors ' strike halted 
the strike to remove threat of imposition ? could have done this earlier to prevent disruption 
doctors ' strike off - but disruption still expected … 
disruption as doctor\'s strike halted 
doctors strike halted at 11th hour - 
breaking news disruption as ... follow tiktape + its related feeds for the latest 
" disruption still expected as junior doctors ' strike called off " 
rt doctors ' strike ' may be called off ' : junior doctors leaders are in last-minute ... 
drs strike halted at 11thhr : what is disruption for patients due to late response by 
was your hospital appointment cancelled today ? 
disruption still expected as junior doctors strike planned for today has been called off - 
bbc junior doctors ' strike called off thousands of ops . cancelled due to hunts's stubbornness 
junior doctors ' strike called off - this really does show the arrogance of & his nasty party . 
is it worth letting our patients know that the junior doctors strike has been called off ? 
hippocratic oath doesn't mean anything anymore 
junior doctor strike suspended . at the eleventh hour to say the least ! 
disruption expected as junior strike called off 
the strike is off but today's procedures are still cancelled .. nice work junior doctors ! 
they're not now although there will be disruptions for patients 

rt us president pays respects at bataclan theatre 
obama lays rose for paris victims - 
the is paying his respects at the scene of the paris attacks ! i'm so happy to see him directly involved . 
paris attacks : obama pays respects at bataclan theatre - 
paris attacks : obama pays respects at bataclan theatre - bbc news 
rt obama visits theatre attacked in paris via 
obama lays ' single white rose ' at site of paris massacre 
paris attacks : obama visits bataclan theatre - 
us president barack obama , in paris for the un climate talks , visits the bataclan theatre to pay his respects to ... 

were your ' beliefs ' under oath ? 
" cairns cleared of perjury " pleased for him in some ways . nothing worse than a bad name in my view 
rt former new zealand cricket captain chris cairns has been found not guilty of perjury … 
ex-new zealand cricket all-rounder chris cairns cleared of perjury 
nz cricketer cairns cleared of perjury 
pleased about this as i never believed it of him ! 
bbc news - ex-new zealand cricket all-rounder chris cairns cleared of perjury 
great for cairns lalit modi can fuck right off 
ex-new zealand cricket captain chris cairns cleared of perjury - 
ex-new zealand cricket captain chris cairns cleared of perjury - bbc sport 
news : cock is still a cock , but not a cheating one : 
chris cairns ( of earlier cairns v modi twitter libel case ) cleared of perjury 
ex-new zealand cricketer chris cairns cleared of perjury & his barrister cleared of perverting course of justice 
i didn't want to think he was guilty & am glad he's not : ex-new zealand cricketer cleared of perjury 
ex-new zealand cricket captain chris cairns cleared of perjury - bbc news see more 
my tweeted times top : ex-new zealand cricket captain chris cairns cleared of pe … see more 
top story in questo momento : ex-new zealand cricket captain chris cairns cleare … see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : ex-new zealand cricket captain chris ca … see more 
former new zealand cricket all-rounder chris cairns is found not guilty of lying under oath during a ... 
top story : try1 ex-new zealand cricket captain chris cairns cleared of perjury - … see more 
joke ! 

