you can follow live text and video coverage of the trident debate at westminster here ▶ 
politics live : trident debate 
rt uk defence review : - £178bn investment over next 10 years - 2 new " strike brigades " - 9 maritime patrol aircraft https … 
politics live : trident debate - bbc news 
rolling coverage of political developments : nhs funding , trident , ashdown on syria ... bbc politics live - 
the govt admits to sacrificing welfare costs to increase defence spending : debate live : 
rt pm to outline case on thursday for uk " going after isil at their headquarters in syria " … 
top story : politics live : monday 23 november - bbc news see more 
rt david cameron's back in the uk , ready to put case for action in syria . bbc politics live - https :/ … 
live page on uk government's defence review . massive extra investment . 
hmg will be investing £5.8 bn in climate finance " supporting fragile and broken states " in order to “ play our part ... 

rt turkish military officials say russian warplane shot down after warnings it was violating airspace 
turkey shoots down russian warplane on syria border 
rt turkey ' downs russian warplane on syria border ' 
turkey ' down russian warplane on syria border ' - bbc news 
rt shoots down close to the border of 2 pilots reportedly ejected : 
turkey ' shoots down warplane on syria border ' - bbc news see more 
the situation updated : 
now sh**t will start to fly ... again 
turkey downs near syria-turkey border : ( vine by 
' warplane shot down in syria ' by turks - bbc news 
rt turkey shoots down russian jet . wwiii in 5 , 4 , 3 ,....... 
turkey downs russian warplane in syria 
rt blimey : turkish warplanes have shot down a russian military aircraft on the border with syria . 
what the fuck is going on 
rt unidentified warplane shot down in syria after violating turkish airspace , turkish military tells reuters … 
turkey shoots down russian warplane inside syrian border - bbc news 
it - persons : top stories of the day ; turkey ' shoots down warplane on syria bor … see more 

pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal to create drugs giant 
.. very sceptical of self-serving 👎🏾 seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant 
puck off 
pfizer seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant - via 
pfizer and allergan $160 billion deal sealed to create drugs giant 
- pharmaceuticals companies struggle to cope with patents on a number of major drugs expiring 
seals $160bn allergan - bbc 
this is an interesting inversion deal ! which will create new opportunities for all employees . i have been working … 
pfizer made history by investing in the largest deal ever for £106bn . . 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan takeover 
rt pfizer seals $160bn allergan takeover 
bbc news : pfizer seals $160bn allergan inversion takeover to offshore the profits , pay half the taxes 
pfizer seals 60bn allergan takeover 
rt pfizer seals $160bn deal to buy allergan . relocating hq to dublin will see pfizer tax bill lowered from 35% to 12.5% … 
ireland deal for international business , pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal change of hq address soon ? 
say it hillary , these companies setting up in low population countries with low tax rates , rips us off , us and uk . 
inv€r$ion seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant 
mib - example of m&a with tax advantage 
blindin ' tax dodge 
pfizer one step closer to world domination 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal - trap for a life time won't even come close to a % of this wake up people 

conservative mauricio macri wins argentina presidency 
let's hope macri brings sanity back to argentinian position on falklands & ending kirchner's dangerous rhetoric 
rt bbc news - mauricio wins presidency 
one down , one to go ; ) 
conservative wins argentina presidency 
argentina rediscovers a bit of political common sense 
bit of hope for argentina ; can't be any worse than that dreadful de kirchner woman 
conservative mauricio macri wins presidency 
narrowly votes out peronists and opts for centre-right macri as president 
a fresh start for argentina 
i hope that macri's victory will bring prosperity and an end to destructive populism in 
conservative victory bad , but mind-numbing populist bullshit from the other side dug its own grave . 
with macri's victory , argentina inaugurates a new cycle in latin american politics . 
makes a bold move and a positive one ! 
this seems a sound decision . here's hoping that this will bring an end to peronist style populism . i would like to … 
i remember the after first round , crowing how the left wing candidate had won by a ' landslide ' - ooops 
wow ! now heres hoping he diesnt do a menem ... 
change for 
rt top story in questo momento : conservative mauricio macri wins argentina preside … see more http … 

defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 
defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 - bbc news 
rt huge respect for our armed services but they are not a police service and are subject to political control . … 
a ' war ' = militarisation : cameron's defence spending review comments blur military-police counter-terror boundary 
uk news : strategic defence review tav commentary : apart from this not being a response to terrorism and ... 
rt defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 how much are we allocating to peace ? 
bbc news - defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 
trident now costing almost £500 per head 
repression coming to uk soon 
rt they simply will not fund the police will they ! a military response means nothing as we will be the 1st responders ! https : … 
the grand old duke of cameron he deployed ( up to ) 10,000 men and when the threat was over he made them redundant >> 
defence review : 10000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - bbc news 
' 10,000 troops ' to tackle terror attacks 
no money for the people millions for war : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - 
today has been a good day for our armed forces . very pleased with the strategic defence and security review . 
are a threat to liberty , peace and security so let's buy more arms 
all things considered , a pretty decent defence review . 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attack and other ideas . by 2025 . 2025 ?! 
well done you found a ise for all the body bags labour bought 
terror should demand nothing less than 100% of our entire , on-going defense budget 
defence . 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - t trident wouldn't be ready until 2030's what's the point ? 
rt bbc news - review : could put 10,000 troops on uk streets to deal with … 
review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - necessary as a minimum . 
all these jets and nuclear missiles will be perfect for taking out a handful of gunmen in a residential area 
it's a start , bit still nowhere near enough . 
rt bbc news - defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 
defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 - . hey would you mind waiting 10 years 
is this providing the means to defend ?...... 
rt democratically accountable civil defence , yes ; strike brigades , paramilitary policing and trident , no- … 
rt defence review : pm could send 10,000 troops on to streets - 
troops on streets to do their jobs if attacked . £31bn so trident can do its job . against ? 
can the rapid force help to feed the increasing number of people going to foodbanks . bbc news - defence review : pm 
rt so the minute any threat or attack happens in the uk , we get ordered around by soldiers ? 
rt £12bn of welfare cuts by & and remarkably an extra £12bn found for the military … 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle - pm 

belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 
brussels lockdown : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - 
rt 19 anti-terror raids were carried out in the brussels region & 3 others in charleroi , belgian prosecutor says … 
arrests in belgium anti-terror raids 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number arrests to 21 
rt belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
rt detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 https :/ … 
top story : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 
why is it the only people i can speak to on the phone cant give me an answer on a refund for my flight ? 
headline : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 

world service gets funding boost from government 
british government is to invest £85m a year in enhancing bbc services around the world 
bbc world service gets funding boost 
war machine confirms propaganda budget - world service gets funding boost from government 
rt bbc pidgin and bbc yoruba coming soon 
bbc world service gets funding boost from government - bbc news 
rt any good news about the world service should be good news for the world . 
bbc news - bbc world service gets funding boost from government 
bbc world service gets £85m per year funding boost from government ; aims to build reach in north korea and africa 
confirmed : bbc is to broadcast to ethiopia and eritrea , but in which languages ? 
has received a funding boost to expand its world service 
bbc news - bbc world service gets funding boost from government great news here 
great to see the government giving the bbc world service a big funding boost ... 
. gets funding boost from government , by 
bbc world service : enables many to hear diverse voices and different points of view where domestic media is sterile 
bbc increased funding aimed at countries with a " democracy deficit " including m east russia , n korea and 
bbc's world services funding to be boosted to £85 billion a year from 2017 : 
in democracy crisis nations such as ethiopia , bbc ws gets uk gov't funding approval for program air time 
will renewed funds restore lang services like amazing 2 bulk of ssa only reached by sw ? 
better late than never for uk govt to realise defunding the ws was stupid , i guess : 
a good call from the gov ; will make a gd difference to worldwide democracy should not have been cut in 1stplace tho 
rt 5 years after cutting funding uk govt reinvests in at last realized how valuable it is ? … 
increased funding for we all benefit . 
rt grave mistake for bbc to accept direct govt funding . it was ok when world service was separate . worrying . … 

egypt plane crash : airlines cancel more sharm el-sheikh flights - 
ba quote ' safety priority ' . why are not monarch following ba & easyjet ? is it the money ? 
cancels more sharm el-sheikh flights 
top story : egypt plane crash : easyjet cancels more sharm el-sheikh flights - bb … see more 
airlines cancel sharm el-sheikh flights 
top story : info & news egypt plane crash : easyjet cancels more sharm el-sheikh … see more 
tweet top story : egypt plane crash : easyjet cancels more sharm el-sheikh flight … see more 
egypt plane crash : easyjet cancels more sharm el-s … see more 
british airways and easyjet cancel all flights between the egyptian resort of sharm el ... 
rt " egypt plane crash : easyjet cancels more sharm el-sheikh flights " devastation for the areas tourist trade … 
egypt plane crash : airlines cancel more sharm el-sh eikh flights during november and december 

alton towers smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
alton towers says smiler rollercoaster to re-open in 2016 after " human error " caused crash 
smiler is reopening :d people must be feeling guilty as ' human error ' was the cause . it still sucks for those hurt . 
re-opening 2016 - who's up for a go on the ' that-one-that-almost-killed-people ' ride ? safe if operated by non-humans 
rt personally i will ensure that no member of my family sets foot in this place ever again ... 
did this accident chnage your view on how safe theme parks are ? 
rt alton towers smiler crash was caused by " human error " . story still breaking , more news as we get it . … 
the smiler crash at alton towers down to human error 
alton towers crash due to ' human error ' ... 
alton towers smiler ride crash was ' human error ' 
' human error ' caused alton towers crash 
how disappointing to see headlines like this , ' human error ' is meaningless and unhelpful 
bbc news - alton towers smiler ride crash was ' human error ' 
rt human error caused alton towers rollercoaster crash in june that seriously injured five people , uk theme park says http … 
alton towers crash was ' human error ' ... 
human error is the worst kind of error , but machines should still not let it happen ! 
" a ride shutdown message was misunderstood by staff at the ride , " an alton towers spokeswoman said . ' 
interesting re bad interplay of autonomous and human systems - " alton towers ' human error ’" 
human error caused alton towers rollercoaster crash in june that seriously injured five people including two from … 
investigation still ongoing as it emerges human error caused the alton towers crash : via 
smiler crash update 
' human error' ? sounds more like poor training , lack of supervision and inadequate safety systems . 
rt ' human error ' caused crash - 
rt ' human error ' is being blamed for the alton towers crash . but what does ' human error ' mean ? … 
" human error " caused the alton towers smiler rollercoaster crash via bbc news 
" no technical issues with ride " . should a ride allow incompetent staff to restart when fault detected ? 
human error caused the alton towers rollercoaster crash 
tragic human & corporate cost of human error . inv reveals systems overridden 

argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - 
argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - bbc news 
rt opposition candidate mauricio macri wins argentina presidential election run-off , according to exit polls . … 
opposition ' wins argentina presidency ' - 
argentina conservative ahead in poll 
opposition's is now confirmed winner and new in election results 
kirchenerism ending in argentina 

pm announces defence review . amazing how the no brain politicos who led us into this mess think they can get us out . 
video : pm announces defence and security review - 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of an … top story 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of … 
bbc news - pm announces defence and security review 
david cameron gives details of an additional £12bn of equipment spending , as he outlines the strategic defence and … 
live : pm announces defence and security review via 

tune into now , is on discussing is and hunting season 
bbc news channel 
the legendary talks to at 1745 on the channel - watch it on tv or streamed here : 
britain's most-watched news channel , delivering breaking news and analysis all day , every day . 
french interior minister makes statement after suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud confirmed dead " 
digital cinema media bans the lord's prayer from uk cinemas in wake of paris . 

the turkey shoot - warmongering ? is this what they ( the politicians ) actually want , a full blown war ? madness 
rt shooting down of russian jet will have " serious consequences " for moscow's relations with turkey - vladimir putin https://… 
rt . to hold extraordinary meeting in brussels at turkey's request , after downing of russian jet in syria … 
rt - russian jet shot down in syria - turkey : warnings ignored - russia denies violating airspace latest : … 
rt russia says warplane shot down by turkish jets in syria did not enter turkish airspace … 
bbc news - russia warplane shot down in syria 
★ middle east top story ★ warplane shot down at syria border with turkey - bbc ne … see more 
warplane shot down at syria border with turkey - bbc news see more 
top story : warplane shot down at syria border with turkey - bbc news see more 
anonymous t1m35 : warplane shot down at syria border with turkey - bbc news see more 
anonimo mannucci tweeted times warplane shot down at syria border with turkey - … see more 
international relations stories warplane shot down at syria border with turkey … see more 
hacksperger's top story : warplane shot down at syria border with turkey - bbc n … see more 
top story : warplane shot down at syria border with turkey - bbc … see more 
finally someone actually did something . they've been probing borders since forever . 

belgium charges man over paris attacks 
belgium charges fourth suspect with role 
another mohammed & hamza charged with aiding & abetting salah 
bbc news - attacks : charges fourth suspect with role 
rt charges man over paris attacks 
belgium charges fourth suspect with role in paris attack- 
archiving 
“ belgium charges fourth suspect with role ” 
rt belgium charges fourth suspect with role 

david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande - bbc news 
david cameron : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
world united in terror fight - cameron 
in uk interest : pm only in dave's tory interest .. we're safer if we leave middle east alone . 
cameron view : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - rest of the world fighting daesh 
christmas cancelled peace to all men put on hold - world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' 
pm holding talks with french president 
we will never defeat is it's one of the most commonly used words ! seriously tho call them daesh , not a ' state ' 
i dunno man , it doesnt seem like bombs and guns will actually stop them , and will probably help their cause ? 
pm to hold talks with french president 
rt prime minister to told talks with francois hollande on c o-o peration against isil . 
cameron and hollande meet in paris to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
if the ' world ' was united , we wouldn't be fighting 
top story : get your tank refill now david cameron to hold talks with french pre … see more 
[ news botfeed top story ] david cameron to hold talks with french president holl … see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; david cameron to hold talks with french pres … see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : david cameron to hold talks with french … see more 
david cameron : uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - bbc news 
top story david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande … see more 

us issues worldwide travel alert 
rt us issues worldwide travel alert 
rt us state department issues global travel alert - 
the us has issued a worldwide travel alert for its citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " . 
for fellow us travelers who may not have heard ... us issues travel alert over terror threats - 
country with 994 mass shootings in 1004 days warns its citizens that travelling abroad is dangerous . 
sometimes i wonder . how come this guys are the first to know about impending terrorist attacks ? why create ... 
why is the united state causing world panic . they are the ones always alerting and the first to know about ... 
rt us issues global travel alert for its citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " 
the has issued a worldwide alert for its citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " . 
helpful travel alert for us citizens , essentially travelling anywhere . avoid crowded places - anywhere . utter nonsense 
the us issues a worldwide travel alert to its citizens ... vague , broad , helpful ?? 
a reminder . 
united states tells its citizens : " for the love of god , don't travel anywhere foreign or you'll die ! " 
a wave of and media sensation of risks overshadowing 
dear america , don't go anywhere . stay here . there could be dangers outside this country . we don't know where .... 

: extended over ' imminent threat ' - 
obama says paris attacks aren't ' new normal ' . new normal is actually european cities locked down to prevent attacks 
we won't let the terrorists change our way of life , except for maybe having europe's capitals on indefinite lockdown 
rt we won't let terrorists change our way of life , except for maybe having europe's capitals on indefinite lockdown … 
brussels alert to stay at highest level 
“ imminent threat ” 
marshal law in belgium ? here we stand in late 2015 with the capital city of europe , brussels , in its third day ... 
citizens in brussels have been warned off the streets amid fears of a serious and imminent terrorist attack 
' imminent threat ' extends brussels alert 
bloody nightmare =\ 
top story : brussels alert ' stays at highest level ' - bbc news see more 
rt paris attacks : brussels alert stays at highest level 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; brussels alert ' stays at highest level ' - bb … see more 
brussels alert extended over ' imminent threat ' , 16 arrests in belgium fugitive salah abdeslam not among them - bbc 
rt belgian pm says brussels security alert status to stay at highest level 
not to make it sound trivial , but can you really refer to someone who's alive as a suicide bomber ? 
【brussels has been on lockdown all weekend , amid a manhunt for suspected paris attacker salah abdeslam . 】 

world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says " 
rt world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says … 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live … see more 
residents & told us what life in lockdown is like 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live updates - bbc news see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - … see more 
paris attacks : 21 arrests in belgium - live updates 
brussels in lockdown the latest on the hunt for salah abdeslam from 
bbc news : summary unavailable 
16 people arrested in belgium . it is so far unconfirmed how many of them were cats 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium . follow live updates here : 
live updates on - 

