rt turkish military officials say russian warplane shot down after warnings it was violating airspace 
rt ' shoots down warplane on syria border ' 
turkey ' down russian warplane on syria border ' - bbc news 
rt syria border region where turkey has reportedly shot down a russian military aircraft https://… 
hey , no problem .... let's send 100,000 troops into the middle of this mess ! on one hand , the turks are justified ... 
turkey downs near syria-turkey border : ( vine by 
rt as ww3 gets a step closer , in westminster labour's career politicians vote for corporal cameron's lies . … 
rt turkey ' downs russian warplane on syria border ' 
turkey shoots down russian warplane on syria border - 
rt that'll help : " turks ' downed russia warplane in 
' warplane shot down in syria ' by turks - bbc news 
rt bbc news - ' warplane shot down in syria ' by turks 
this is getting scary now . 
rt are the two sides taking this straight out of the wish list ? still hopeful at least one calm mind remains . … 
turkey shoots down russian warplane on syria border - bbc news 
turks ' downed russia warplane in syria ' 
of all the worlds religions , islam is the most demanding of respect while doing the least … 
rt cool heads needed now as start of scenario played out over " turkish " skies 
rt wars have started for less . bbc : turkey ' down russian warplane on syria border ' 
bugger . 
rt turks ' down russian warplane in syria ' : the turkish military says it has shot down a russian war ... … 
oh crap , this is really bad . 


how do i remove the image of corbyn from my opening screen for bbc live ? 
bbc news channel 
tune into now , is on discussing is and hunting season 
the legendary talks to at 1745 on the channel - watch it on tv or streamed here : 
britain's most-watched news channel , delivering breaking news and analysis all day , every day . 
french interior minister makes statement after suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud confirmed dead " 
digital cinema media bans the lord's prayer from uk cinemas in wake of paris . 


world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says " 
world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says … via 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live … see more 
residents & told us what life in lockdown is like 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live updates - bbc news see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - … see more 
paris attacks : 21 arrests in belgium - live updates 
brussels in lockdown the latest on the hunt for salah abdeslam from 
bbc news : summary unavailable 
16 people arrested in belgium . it is so far unconfirmed how many of them were cats 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium . follow live updates here : 
live updates on - 

french president calls for turkey-syria border to close as " matter of urgency " to stop terrorists coming to europe 
paris attacks : hollande and obama to intensify anti-is push , 
even a fellow socialist of yours wants the borders closed 
" we will do everything in our power to defend our nation , " president obama says 

international bomb plotter jailed in us 
international bomb plotter jailed for 40 years in 
rt thankyou american friends ! 👍👏 good job . 
it - persons : top stories of the day ; international bomb plotter jailed for 40 … see more 
may cowboy justice prevail and international bomb plotter abid naseer rot for 40 years in a jail 
man who plotted to bomb manchester jailed for 40 years . 
rt a man who planned to bomb the arndale centre in has been sentenced to 40 years in a us jail … 
convicted terrorists should get mandatory life sentences imo 
rt uk bomb plotter jailed for 40 years : a pakistani man extradited from the uk to ... … 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; international bomb plotter jailed for 40 yea … see more 
u.k. bomb plotter jailed for 40 years in us 
uk plotter jailed for 40 years 
a pakistani man extradited from the uk to the us is sentenced to 40 years in jail for plotting attac ... 
international bomb plotter abid naseer jailed for 40 years in us - 
uk bomb plotter jailed for 40 years - a pakistani man extradited from the uk to the us has been sentenced ... 
rt any thinking of plottin2 bomb t west , keep this in mind , scum jailed 40yrs … 
rt bbc news - uk bomb plotter sentenced to 40 years in us jail 
bomb plotter jailed for 40 years in us , accused of plotting attacks on manchester , new york & copenhagen 
rt uk bomb plotter sentenced to 40 years in us jail 


everyday , every story ( almost ) in the news has a common thread . islam/terror . go figure . 
cancels more sharm el-sheikh flights 
brainlessmuzzos : rt adamaston57 : everyday , every story ( almost ) in the news has a common thread . islam/terror . go … 
airlines cancel more sharm el-sheikh flights 
bbc it was " excellent news " - but easyjet should have cancelled the flights sooner . 
" the safety and security of our customers will continue to be our top priorities in any decisions we may make . " 
airlines cancel sharm el-sheikh flights 
rt british airways cancels flights between egypt's sharm el-sheikh and uk until 14 january 
ba and easyjet cancel all flights between and the until january 
easyjet cancels sharm el-sheikh flights 
ba quote ' safety priority ' . why are not monarch following ba & easyjet ? is it the money ? 

yeah it's been in the news . 
alton towers smiler ride crash due to 
misinterpreted a shutdown message and did the complete opposite . criminal - smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
alton towers crash due to \'human error\' 
human error caused alton towers accident , apparently . 
alton towers smiler crash caused by human error . surely a design fault to allow human error to come in to play ? 
rt alton towers says smiler rollercoaster to re-open in 2016 after " human error " caused crash https :/ … 
well , well well . 
' human error ' caused alton towers crash . 
rt human error caused alton towers rollercoaster crash in june that seriously injured five people , uk theme park says http … 
human error ? lets delve deeper -training maybe or ask why is such a critical system able2b manually overridden ?! 
smiler crash at alton towers , that seriously injured five people , was caused by human error . 
roller coaster crash investigation blames ' human error ' as hse investigation continues : 
i think the smiler ride should be demolished as a mark of respect to those who were badly injured . 
staff misunderstood critical safety message in crash 
rt ' human error ' is being blamed for the alton towers crash . but what does ' human error ' mean ? … 
just delivered accident investigation training today hope they went past immediate cause human factors complicated - 
awks ... 
surely a system which lets some chewing gum popping holiday temp override a crash warning has a design error too ? 
rt alton towers smiler crash was caused by " human error " . story still breaking , more news as we get it . … 
was there no auto computer fail safe backup 
thought you may want to see this . if you haven't already :) 
if is the conclusion of this report , then nothing will be learned- alton towers playing the blame game ? 
rt ' human error ' caused crash say the 
so not really human error at all then . poor training or poor design instead - smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
bbc news alton towers smiler ride crash was ' human error ' bbc news human error caused the alton towers … 
human error stated as cause of tragic crash . say protocols not followed 
i wish they wouldn't re-open the ride though 
alton towers rollercoaster , the smiler , crash was human error and is due to reopen in 2016 . read more here : 
no rollercoaster should be able to endanger peoples lives ( or limbs ) through simple human error . poor design . 
not reassuring - how can we have confidence in thrill rides when we know that they are vulnerable to ' human error ' 
alton towers crash was \'human error\' 
do you read this and think people are idiots or that the safeguards needed improving ? 
crash was human error ? i operated rollercoaster for 3 yrs - you can't crash-em , computer won't let you . 
alton towers crash ' human error ' surely it's a system design failure that made it possible for the error to happen ? 

worldwide travel alert 
us issues global travel alert until february . << !? a literally pointless notice . 
rt us state department issues global travel alert - 
rt us issues rare global travel alert over terror threats 
it is with regret that due to world events both in the usa and europe that both mark summers and jerry schilling ... 
us issues worldwide | rt 
rt bbc news - us issues rare global travel alert over terror threats 
for fellow us travelers who may not have heard ... us issues travel alert over terror threats - 
country with 994 mass shootings in 1004 days warns its citizens that travelling abroad is dangerous . 
sometimes i wonder . how come this guys are the first to know about impending terrorist attacks ? why create ... 
why is the united state causing world panic . they are the ones always alerting and the first to know about ... 
rt us issues global travel alert for its citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " 
the has issued a worldwide alert for its citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " . 
helpful travel alert for us citizens , essentially travelling anywhere . avoid crowded places - anywhere . utter nonsense 
a reminder . 
united states tells its citizens : " for the love of god , don't travel anywhere foreign or you'll die ! " 

' hostage situation ' in northern france 
rt the hostage situation in roubaix is not linked to the local authorities say 
hostages held in northern french town of roubaix 
top story : hostages held in northern french town of roubaix - bbc news see more 
hostages freed from gunmen in france ... 
what kind of complete numpty thinks that right now is the ideal time to tool up and take hostages ? 
' hostage situation ' in northern france - bbc news 
rt ' hostage situation ' in northern france 
if ever there was a time to not bother trying an armed robbery on the french-belgian border , it would be now . 
top hostages held in northern french town of roubaix - bbc news see more 
hostage situation in northern ends 
hostage freed from gunmen in france - 
news , bbcnews hostage freed from gunmen in france worldnews 
hostage freed from gunmen in france : the hostage situation in the french town of roubaix , near b ... <-- full story 
hostages held in northern france 
rt ' hostage situation ' in northern french town of roubaix . thinking of again … 
hostage situation in french town of roubaix , near belgium , with several people hurt by gunshots , media reports say 
the hostage situation in the french town of roubaix , near belgium , has ended , with the hostages now safe , local officials say . 

argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - 
argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - bbc news 
rt opposition candidate mauricio macri wins argentina presidential election run-off , according to exit polls . … 
opposition ' wins argentina presidency ' - 
argentina conservative ahead in poll 
opposition's is now confirmed winner and new in election results 
kirchenerism ending in argentina 

president declares state of emergency after explosion on bus carrying presidential guards kills at least 12 
rt tunisia president declares state of emergency after explosion on bus carrying presidential guards kills at least 12 https : … 
rt explosion on bus carrying presidential guards in tunis kills at least 11 people , tunisian interior ministry says … 
rt president declares state of emergency after explosion on bus carrying presidential guards kills at least 12 h … 
anthr sad news ! v need to fight extrmsm back .. with extrmsm , that of true luv n justice ... " bbc news - tunisia blast 
blast : explosion hits bus carrying presidential guards 
blast hits presidential guard bus in tunis . 12 dead . curfew . state of emergency . 
top story : tunisia bus of presidential guards targeted in blast - bbc news see more 
cheap flights to tunisia … > biggest exporter of jihadis , 
rt blast : explosion hits bus carrying presidential guards 
cameron to get own plane flights to tunisia > exporter jihadis , 
cheap flights to tunisia state of emergency and the capital is under curfew . … 
president beji caid essebsi has declared a 30-day state of emergency and the capital is under curfew . flights . 

brussels lockdown : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 
rt 19 anti-terror raids were carried out in the brussels region & 3 others in charleroi , belgian prosecutor says … 
arrests in belgium anti-terror raids 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number arrests to 21 
rt belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
rt detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 https :/ … 
top story : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 
why is it the only people i can speak to on the phone cant give me an answer on a refund for my flight ? 
headline : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 


rt issue picture wanted in connection htt … 
rt belgian police issue picture of mohamed abrini , wanted in connection with … 
paris ' ringleader was near bataclan ' 
paris ' ringleader was near bataclan ' : paris's chief prosecutor says the suspected ringlead ... ( via 
rt abdelhamid abaaoud was in vicinity of bataclan theatre while police operation was ongoing , says paris prosecutor … 
paris ' ringleader was near bataclan ' : paris's chief prosecutor says the suspected ringleader of the paris atta ... 
bbc news : paris ' ringleader was near bataclan ' - paris's chief prosecutor says the suspected ringleader of ... 
attacks : ringleader abaaoud ' was near ' bataclan theatre 
paris's chief prosecutor says the suspected ringleader of the paris attacks , abdelhamid abaaoud , was near the ... 
paris ‘ ringleader was near bataclan ’ 

: extended over ' imminent threat ' - 
obama says paris attacks aren't ' new normal ' . new normal is actually european cities locked down to prevent attacks 
we won't let the terrorists change our way of life , except for maybe having europe's capitals on indefinite lockdown 
rt we won't let terrorists change our way of life , except for maybe having europe's capitals on indefinite lockdown … 
brussels alert to stay at highest level 
“ imminent threat ” 
marshal law in belgium ? here we stand in late 2015 with the capital city of europe , brussels , in its third day ... 
citizens in brussels have been warned off the streets amid fears of a serious and imminent terrorist attack 
' imminent threat ' extends brussels alert 
bloody nightmare =\ 
top story : brussels alert ' stays at highest level ' - bbc news see more 
rt paris attacks : brussels alert stays at highest level 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; brussels alert ' stays at highest level ' - bb … see more 
brussels alert extended over ' imminent threat ' , 16 arrests in belgium fugitive salah abdeslam not among them - bbc 
rt belgian pm says brussels security alert status to stay at highest level 
not to make it sound trivial , but can you really refer to someone who's alive as a suicide bomber ? 
【brussels has been on lockdown all weekend , amid a manhunt for suspected paris attacker salah abdeslam . 】 

list of labour mp's who voted for or against trident . the rest abstained or were nowhere to be seen . 
mps reject the snp's anti-trident motion by 330 to 64 
you can follow live text and video coverage of the trident debate at westminster here ▶ 
politics live : trident debate 
rt uk defence review : - £178bn investment over next 10 years - 2 new " strike brigades " - 9 maritime patrol aircraft https … 
politics live : trident debate - bbc news 
rolling coverage of political developments : nhs funding , trident , ashdown on syria ... bbc politics live - 
the govt admits to sacrificing welfare costs to increase defence spending : debate live : 
rt pm to outline case on thursday for uk " going after isil at their headquarters in syria " … 
top story : politics live : monday 23 november - bbc news see more 
rt david cameron's back in the uk , ready to put case for action in syria . bbc politics live - https :/ … 
live page on uk government's defence review . massive extra investment . 
hmg will be investing £5.8 bn in climate finance " supporting fragile and broken states " in order to “ play our part ... 

rt president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information 
looks like the only sane politician in america . 
video : obama and hollande news conference : president obama and president hollande … 
bbc news - obama and hollande news conference after white house meeting 
rt bbcbreaking : president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information , in wake … 
president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information , in wake of 
rt bbcbreaking : president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information , i … 
president calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information , in wake of 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger informatio … 

conservative mauricio macri wins argentina presidency 
let's hope macri brings sanity back to argentinian position on falklands & ending kirchner's dangerous rhetoric 
rt bbc news - mauricio wins presidency 
one down , one to go ; ) 
conservative wins argentina presidency 
argentina rediscovers a bit of political common sense 
bit of hope for argentina ; can't be any worse than that dreadful de kirchner woman 
conservative mauricio macri wins presidency 
narrowly votes out peronists and opts for centre-right macri as president 
a fresh start for argentina 
i hope that macri's victory will bring prosperity and an end to destructive populism in 
conservative victory bad , but mind-numbing populist bullshit from the other side dug its own grave . 
with macri's victory , argentina inaugurates a new cycle in latin american politics . 
makes a bold move and a positive one ! 
this seems a sound decision . here's hoping that this will bring an end to peronist style populism . i would like to … 
i remember the after first round , crowing how the left wing candidate had won by a ' landslide ' - ooops 
wow ! now heres hoping he diesnt do a menem ... 
change for 
rt top story in questo momento : conservative mauricio macri wins argentina preside … see more http … 

rt - russian jet shot down in syria - turkey : warnings ignored - russia denies violating airspace latest : … 
rt russia says warplane shot down by turkish jets in syria did not enter turkish airspace … 
rt nato to hold extraordinary mtng in brussels at request , after downing of russian jet in … 
rt shooting down of russian jet will have " serious consequences " for moscow's relations with turkey - vladimir putin https://… 
rt this is bad news :| 
rt . to hold extraordinary meeting in brussels at turkey's request , after downing of russian jet in syria … 
21.00 bbc halts coverage of shooting down of russian warplane . … 
you can bet that is at its highest status of alert over nato member shooting down russian warplane .. 
top story warplane shot down at syria border with … see more 
top story : rt warplane shot down at syria border with turkey - bbc news see more 
it just goes from bad to worse . 
oh god ... not good ... 
warplane shot down at syria border with turkey - bbc … see more 
top story : warplane shot down at syria border with turkey - bbc news see more 

pm announces defence review . amazing how the no brain politicos who led us into this mess think they can get us out . 
video : pm announces defence and security review - 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of an … top story 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of … 
bbc news - pm announces defence and security review 
david cameron gives details of an additional £12bn of equipment spending , as he outlines the strategic defence and … 
live : pm announces defence and security review via 

david cameron holding talks with french president hollande 
david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande - bbc news 
david cameron : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
world united in terror fight - cameron 
in uk interest : pm only in dave's tory interest .. we're safer if we leave middle east alone . 
cameron view : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - rest of the world fighting daesh 
christmas cancelled peace to all men put on hold - world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' 
pm holding talks with french president 
we will never defeat is it's one of the most commonly used words ! seriously tho call them daesh , not a ' state ' 
i dunno man , it doesnt seem like bombs and guns will actually stop them , and will probably help their cause ? 
pm to hold talks with french president 
rt prime minister to told talks with francois hollande on c o-o peration against isil . 
cameron and hollande meet in paris to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
if the ' world ' was united , we wouldn't be fighting 
top story : get your tank refill now david cameron to hold talks with french pre … see more 
[ news botfeed top story ] david cameron to hold talks with french president holl … see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; david cameron to hold talks with french pres … see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : david cameron to hold talks with french … see more 
david cameron : uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - bbc news 
top story david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande … see more 

