rolling coverage of political developments : nhs funding , trident , ashdown on syria ... bbc politics live - 
rt uk defence review : - £178bn investment over next 10 years - 2 new " strike brigades " - 9 maritime patrol aircraft https … 
rt pm to outline case on thursday for uk " going after isil at their headquarters in syria " … 
top story : politics live : monday 23 november - bbc news see more 
rt david cameron's back in the uk , ready to put case for action in syria . bbc politics live - https :/ … 
live page on uk government's defence review . massive extra investment . 
hmg will be investing £5.8 bn in climate finance " supporting fragile and broken states " in order to “ play our part ... 

the evil axis , turkey they hate christians 
turkey ' downs russian warplane on syria border ' 
rt turkish military officials say russian warplane shot down after warnings it was violating airspace 
will nato invoke article 5 if russia retaliates ? " turkey ' downs russian warplane on syria border '" 
turkey ' down russian warplane on syria border ' - 
turkey goes " full retard " ... 
turks ' downed russia warplane in syria ' 
turks ' down russian warplane in syria ' - 
' shoots down warplane on syria border ' 
this isn't good 
latest news on the warplane shot down on syria border 
rt russian defence ministry denies the downed plane was violating turkish airspace 
rt russia has confirmed that one of its planes has been brought down near the turkey/syria border 
rt as ww3 gets a step closer , in westminster labour's career politicians vote for corporal cameron's lies . … 
rt good one , turkey . 
' warplane shot down in syria ' by turks 
holy shit 
turkey ' downs russian warplane on border ' 
turkish allows syrian refugees in ue and also shoots russian plane down 
rt the plot thickens . ' downs russian warplane on syria border ' . … 
turkey , member of nato shot down a russian war plane encroaching its boarder . are nato and russia are now at war ? 
and that is one . 
worrying times ... 
just a friendly reminder to stock up on thermals for the oncoming nuclear winter . 
turkish are the biggest evil . the axis , they are the main problem , now shooting russian planes 

pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal to create drugs giant 
pfizer made history by investing in the largest deal ever for £106bn . . 
industry news : pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal to create drugs giant ( thanks for sharing ) 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan takeover 
rt pfizer seals $160bn allergan takeover 
bbc news : pfizer seals $160bn allergan inversion takeover to offshore the profits , pay half the taxes 
pfizer seals 60bn allergan takeover 
rt pfizer seals $160bn deal to buy allergan . relocating hq to dublin will see pfizer tax bill lowered from 35% to 12.5% … 
ireland deal for international business , pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal change of hq address soon ? 
say it hillary , these companies setting up in low population countries with low tax rates , rips us off , us and uk . 
inv€r$ion seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant 
mib - example of m&a with tax advantage 
blindin ' tax dodge 
pfizer one step closer to world domination 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal - trap for a life time won't even come close to a % of this wake up people 

easyjet cancels sharm el-sheikh flights 
egypt plane crash : easyjet cancels more sharm el-sheikh flights 
rt easyjet has now cancelled all flights between the egyptian resort of sharm el-sheikh and the uk until 6 january . … 
easyjet cancels all flights between the egyptian resort of sharm el-sheikh and the uk until 6 januar ... 
easyjet has now cancelled all flights between the sharm el-sheikh and the uk until 6 january 
" has now cancelled all flights between the egyptian resort of & the uk until 6 january 2016 " 
cancels sharm el-sheikh flights until january 
airline easyjet confirms it has cancelled all flights to and from egypt's sharm el-sheikh resort until 6 january 

rt defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 how much are we allocating to peace ? 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 
trident now costing almost £500 per head 
repression coming to uk soon 
rt huge respect for our armed services but they are not a police service and are subject to political control . … 
rt they simply will not fund the police will they ! a military response means nothing as we will be the 1st responders ! https : … 
the grand old duke of cameron he deployed ( up to ) 10,000 men and when the threat was over he made them redundant >> 
defence review : 10000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - bbc news 
' 10,000 troops ' to tackle terror attacks 
no money for the people millions for war : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - 
defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 - bbc news 
today has been a good day for our armed forces . very pleased with the strategic defence and security review . 
are a threat to liberty , peace and security so let's buy more arms 
all things considered , a pretty decent defence review . 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attack and other ideas . by 2025 . 2025 ?! 
well done you found a ise for all the body bags labour bought 
terror should demand nothing less than 100% of our entire , on-going defense budget 
defence . 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - t trident wouldn't be ready until 2030's what's the point ? 
rt bbc news - review : could put 10,000 troops on uk streets to deal with … 
review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - necessary as a minimum . 
all these jets and nuclear missiles will be perfect for taking out a handful of gunmen in a residential area 
it's a start , bit still nowhere near enough . 
rt bbc news - defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 
defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 - . hey would you mind waiting 10 years 
is this providing the means to defend ?...... 
rt democratically accountable civil defence , yes ; strike brigades , paramilitary policing and trident , no- … 
rt defence review : pm could send 10,000 troops on to streets - 
troops on streets to do their jobs if attacked . £31bn so trident can do its job . against ? 
can the rapid force help to feed the increasing number of people going to foodbanks . bbc news - defence review : pm 
rt so the minute any threat or attack happens in the uk , we get ordered around by soldiers ? 
£12bn of welfare cuts by & and remarkably an extra £12bn found for the military 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle - pm 
bbc fellates cameron's defence review , which is basically- give us arms corps loads of money & shout ' terrorism ' 
defense : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 
cost of replacing rises to £31 billion . how reassuring to live in a country with such wealth . 
rt 10,000 troops for domestic deployment . 10,000 . 

rt 19 anti-terror raids were carried out in the brussels region & 3 others in charleroi , belgian prosecutor says … 
brussels lockdown : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 
arrests in belgium anti-terror raids 
bbc news - brussels lockdown : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number arrests to 21 
rt belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
rt detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 https :/ … 
top story : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 
why is it the only people i can speak to on the phone cant give me an answer on a refund for my flight ? 
headline : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 

rt bbc pidgin and bbc yoruba coming soon 
confirmed : bbc is to broadcast to ethiopia and eritrea , but in which languages ? 
bbc world service gets funding boost 
great to see the government giving the bbc world service a big funding boost ... 
rt any good news about the world service should be good news for the world . 
. gets funding boost from government , by 
bbc world service : enables many to hear diverse voices and different points of view where domestic media is sterile 
rt excellent news as gets major funding boost 
bbc increased funding aimed at countries with a " democracy deficit " including m east russia , n korea and 
bbc's world services funding to be boosted to £85 billion a year from 2017 : 
in democracy crisis nations such as ethiopia , bbc ws gets uk gov't funding approval for program air time 
will renewed funds restore lang services like amazing 2 bulk of ssa only reached by sw ? 
better late than never for uk govt to realise defunding the ws was stupid , i guess : 
a good call from the gov ; will make a gd difference to worldwide democracy should not have been cut in 1stplace tho 
5 years after cutting funding uk govt reinvests in at last realized how valuable it is ? 
increased funding for we all benefit . 
world service gets funding boost from government 
grave mistake for bbc to accept direct govt funding . it was ok when world service was separate . worrying . 
rt tax credits slashed but there is no austerity when it comes to serving up british propaganda . that's … 
shrewd soft power given boost 
rt bbc has financial conflict of interest . today given £85m of " defence budget " . 
gov decision to increase funding after previous cuts is a relief : bbc world service is a vital soft power tool 

let's hope macri brings sanity back to argentinian position on falklands & ending kirchner's dangerous rhetoric 
conservative mauricio macri wins argentina presidency 
rt bbc news - mauricio wins presidency 
one down , one to go ; ) 
conservative wins argentina presidency 
argentina rediscovers a bit of political common sense 
bit of hope for argentina ; can't be any worse than that dreadful de kirchner woman 
conservative mauricio macri wins presidency 
narrowly votes out peronists and opts for centre-right macri as president 
a fresh start for argentina 
i hope that macri's victory will bring prosperity and an end to destructive populism in 
conservative victory bad , but mind-numbing populist bullshit from the other side dug its own grave . 
with macri's victory , argentina inaugurates a new cycle in latin american politics . 
makes a bold move and a positive one ! 
this seems a sound decision . here's hoping that this will bring an end to peronist style populism . i would like to … 
i remember the after first round , crowing how the left wing candidate had won by a ' landslide ' - ooops 
wow ! now heres hoping he diesnt do a menem ... 
change for 
rt top story in questo momento : conservative mauricio macri wins argentina preside … see more http … 
rt at last ! the end of the kirchner dynasty . 
change is everywhere . we are changing uganda soon ... let's go forward conservative mauricio macri wins argentina ... 

argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - 
argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - bbc news 
rt opposition candidate mauricio macri wins argentina presidential election run-off , according to exit polls . … 
opposition ' wins argentina presidency ' - 
argentina conservative ahead in poll 
opposition's is now confirmed winner and new in election results 
kirchenerism ending in argentina 

pm announces defence review . amazing how the no brain politicos who led us into this mess think they can get us out . 
video : pm announces defence and security review - 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of an … top story 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of … 
bbc news - pm announces defence and security review 
david cameron gives details of an additional £12bn of equipment spending , as he outlines the strategic defence and … 
live : pm announces defence and security review via 

bbc news channel 
the legendary talks to at 1745 on the channel - watch it on tv or streamed here : 
britain's most-watched news channel , delivering breaking news and analysis all day , every day . 
french interior minister makes statement after suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud confirmed dead " 
digital cinema media bans the lord's prayer from uk cinemas in wake of paris . 

russia says warplane shot down by turkish jets in syria did not enter turkish airspace 
rt russia says warplane shot down by turkish jets in syria did not enter turkish airspace https : … 
rt oh no > russian defence ministry : su-24 fighter jet shot down nr syria's border with turkey . turkey says it did it . … 

belgium charges fourth suspect with role 
belgium charges man over paris attacks 
bbc news - attacks : charges fourth suspect with role 
rt charges man over paris attacks 
belgium charges fourth suspect with role in paris attack- 
archiving 
“ belgium charges fourth suspect with role ” 
rt belgium charges fourth suspect with role 

david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande - bbc news 
david cameron : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
world united in terror fight - cameron 
in uk interest : pm only in dave's tory interest .. we're safer if we leave middle east alone . 
cameron view : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - rest of the world fighting daesh 
christmas cancelled peace to all men put on hold - world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' 
pm holding talks with french president 
i dunno man , it doesnt seem like bombs and guns will actually stop them , and will probably help their cause ? 
pm to hold talks with french president 
cameron and hollande meet in paris to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
if the ' world ' was united , we wouldn't be fighting 
top story : get your tank refill now david cameron to hold talks with french pre … see more 
[ news botfeed top story ] david cameron to hold talks with french president holl … see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; david cameron to hold talks with french pres … see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : david cameron to hold talks with french … see more 
david cameron : uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - bbc news 
top story david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande … see more 

us issues worldwide travel alert 
rt us issues global travel alert for its citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " 
the has issued a worldwide alert for its citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " . 
helpful travel alert for us citizens , essentially travelling anywhere . avoid crowded places - anywhere . utter nonsense 
the us issues a worldwide travel alert to its citizens ... vague , broad , helpful ?? 
the us has issued a worldwide travel alert for its citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " . 
us issues worldwide travel alert- do people wait for government travel alerts to " exercise vigilance " before travel ? 
" us issues worldwide travel alert over terror " as it can't be sure where it'll indiscriminately bomb next 
a reminder . 
united states tells its citizens : " for the love of god , don't travel anywhere foreign or you'll die ! " 
a wave of and media sensation of risks overshadowing 
dear america , don't go anywhere . stay here . there could be dangers outside this country . we don't know where .... 
the us state department issues a worldwide travel alert for american citizens in response to " increased terror ... 
rt us state department issues global travel alert - 
if obama has his way regarding allowing syrian refugees into our borders , we would also be looking at a ... 
rt issues alert ... 
us issues rare global travel alert over terror threats - 
americans advised to " avoid large crowds / crowded places " - is meaningless tosh 
rt now they get everyone second guessing if they should travel or not . so tired of this crap already . … 

: extended over ' imminent threat ' - 
obama says paris attacks aren't ' new normal ' . new normal is actually european cities locked down to prevent attacks 
we won't let the terrorists change our way of life , except for maybe having europe's capitals on indefinite lockdown 
rt we won't let terrorists change our way of life , except for maybe having europe's capitals on indefinite lockdown … 
brussels alert to stay at highest level 
“ imminent threat ” 
marshal law in belgium ? here we stand in late 2015 with the capital city of europe , brussels , in its third day ... 
citizens in brussels have been warned off the streets amid fears of a serious and imminent terrorist attack 
' imminent threat ' extends brussels alert 
bloody nightmare =\ 
top story : brussels alert ' stays at highest level ' - bbc news see more 
rt paris attacks : brussels alert stays at highest level 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; brussels alert ' stays at highest level ' - bb … see more 
brussels alert extended over ' imminent threat ' , 16 arrests in belgium fugitive salah abdeslam not among them - bbc 
rt belgian pm says brussels security alert status to stay at highest level 
not to make it sound trivial , but can you really refer to someone who's alive as a suicide bomber ? 
【brussels has been on lockdown all weekend , amid a manhunt for suspected paris attacker salah abdeslam . 】 

world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says " 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live … see more 
residents & told us what life in lockdown is like 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live updates - bbc news see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - … see more 
paris attacks : 21 arrests in belgium - live updates 
brussels in lockdown the latest on the hunt for salah abdeslam from 
bbc news : summary unavailable 
16 people arrested in belgium . it is so far unconfirmed how many of them were cats 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium . follow live updates here : 
live updates on - 

