white house names a new adviser and counter-terror measures 
anyone else think this sounds similar to bush's war on terrorism ? isis needs to be addressed , but this way ? 
dw_bengali : rt cnnpolitics : white house names a new adviser and counter-terror measures via kristenhcnn … 
white house names a new adviser and counter- terror measures 
obama names new isis adviser - 
names new adviser , measures 
close enough usa 🇺🇸🍰 
i hope this person is not a jv amateur in practice 
not yet mr. obama . get used to the idea of your terror-semantics-inaction being memorable parts of your legacy . 
i trust this one has heard of isis ? 
white house announces new counter-terror measures , isis adviser 
announces new counter terror campaign . 

authorities seek public's help in finding mother of baby buried under asphalt 
newborn found buried alive along la-area walking path 
lucky kid 
what . too many emotions with this one . 
this baby is just 4.3 pounds but a fighter . any idea why mom would bury the infant and not take advantage of ... 

16 questions we want answered in 

ted cruz : most violent felons are democrats 
rt ted cruz : most violent felons are democrats 
. most violent felons are democrats via 
but most public corruption felons are republicans ... and that's true ! 
" every time you have some sort of violent crime or mass killing , you could almost see the media salivating ,... 
ted cruz is an asshole . 
most violent felons are democrats yes cuz so many of these felons will go out and vote 
yes , is right that most violent felons are democrats . conservatives & gop need to repeat this truth . 
. tedcruz : most violent felons are democrats via ericbradner 

answers we want from ' star wars ' 
where's luke skywalker ? 
16 questions we want answered in ' star wars : the force awakens ' 
16 questions we want answered in the force awakens 
this looks fun ... 
star wars : 16 questions we want answered - 

mystery of china's levitating cars solved - 
the mystery of china's levitating cars solved 
turns out this video of cars lifting off the ground in china was real . 
in strange news ... " thousands shared the video of the seemingly gravity-defying accident . " 

a brief history of anti-abortion violence . 

' a charlie brown christmas ' : things to know as it celebrates 50 years 
my tree's not bad at all , really . maybe it just needs a little love 
' a charlie brown christmas ' celebrates 50 years - 
watching a charlie brown christmas and getting tears in my eyes ....... 
almost didn't happen 😱 cbs execs said " we'll play it once and that will be all . good try " 🤔 
' a charlie brown christmas ' marks 50 years 
' a charlie brown christmas ' : did you know ? 
rt : things to know as it celebrates 50 years 
50 years of charlie brown christmas - pure innocence 
happy 50th anniversary charlie brown ! 
did u know ? the famous monologue about true meaning of christmas was almost cut " -'a charlie brown christmas ' 50 yrs 
' a charlie brown christmas ' celebrates 50 years ( via 
our favorite family christmas tradition-watching this movie with a cup of hot chocolate with marshmallows and a ... 
good grief ! one of my favorite christmas movies turns 50 : 
happy birthday charlie brown('s christmas special ) 

pastors speak after meeting with " it was a great day " 
black pastors mixed on endorsement 
trump on meeting with black pastors : ' i saw love in that room ' 
black religious leaders : no donald trump endorsement - 
. on his meeting with black pastors : " i saw love in that room " 
. realdonaldtrump on his meeting with black pastors : " i saw love in that room " 
the money is on the dresser bitch - meeting ' i saw in that room ' 
and , those pastors , saw green : money !!! they are prosperity preachers ! they are leeches , bloodsucking , money ... 
trump : i saw love in that room ur gonna have to help them 
bishop morton spoke this !!! now we need to get those other pastors to see that trump is a chump !!! 
rt . " this meeting was amazing " 
rt trump today : " black lives are very important . white lives are very important . to me , all lives are very important . ” … 
rt black religious leaders : no trump endorsement did he really think he was gonna get that ? https :/ … 
trump enthusiastic after meeting with black pastors - 

brothers rescue bald eagle , win the internet 
thought this was pretty dope 
the eagle certainly looks happy to have met these two men . 
canadian brothers rescue bald win the internet 
canadian brothers rescue win the internet 
pretty freakin ' cool . that is one huge , and happy , bird ! 
good to see people helping eagles , like this pair who saved a bald eagle : 
rescuing an eagle 
men rescue eagle , win internet 

rt student suspected of threatening to kill people at university of chicago is identified as 21-year-old jabari dean . … 
rt arrest in gun violence threat that closed university of chicago campus 
chicago threat suspect allegedly sought to avenge laquan mcdonald's death 
so question , where are the protesters now ? oh , that's right , we would be racist to protest this . 
student threatened ' white devils ' 
man threatens to kill many white students , teachers and cops over social media to avenge friend's death 
rt gun violence threat closes university of chicago 
empty threat is amuse . i doubt kid has/had $15-20k in guns . bigger q is how did make bail at $1.5 m ? 
this guy is a terrorist too . he might have ruined his own life with this , but at least he didn't ruin anyone else's . 
this guy was going to kill as many white devils and police as he could himself . 
suspect allegedly threatened to murder " white devils " at university of chicago . 
chicago threat suspect sought to avenge laquan mcdonald's death did political rhetoric lead to this ? 
hey media , how come this monster gets away without the label of being a terrorist ? 
now we have to suffer racist terrorists ? 
the right-wing sewer is going to overflow because a black person threatened to avenge the murder of laquan mcdonald 
in that closed 
chicago thug apprehended ; threatened to kill u of chicago " white devils " : 
jabari dean of chicago arrested for threatening to die killing as many " white devils " and policemen as possible : 
man who threatened university of chicago caught . " i will execute aproximately ( sic ) 16 white male students and or s … 
the sooner people realize race and religion don't matter , insane people are just fucking insane , the better <3 : 
arrest in threat at university of chicago 

rt ted cruz : no , the gop isn't the condom police great way to deal with the ' war on women ' narrat … 
cruz : gop isn't ' condom police ' 
ted cruz : no , the gop isn't the condom police great way to deal with the ' war on women ' narrative 
stay out of american women's body decide about wife's : gop isn't ' condom police ' 
" when i was in college we had a machine in the bathroom , you put . 50 cents in and voila ! " -ted cruz via 
name calling and hyperbole are easy . example ; " ted is a pandering clownshow , and humiliation to americans " . see ? 
rt cruz : gop isn't ' condom police ' 
cruz on condoms : ' last i checked we don't have a rubber shortage ' 
of course says he's against birth control pills in the absolutely creepiest way possible . 
rt . on condoms : ' last i checked we don't have a rubber shortage ' 
rt ted cruz - yes , the one who's a senator from tx - says he's never met a conservative who would ban contraceptives . … 
. says that the war on women is made up . then tells women to just use condoms . 
rt ted cuz asked about contraception in iowa . " heidi and i , we have two little girls . i'm very glad we don't have 17 . " htt … 

. aide : i've never known him to say something inaccurate 
trump lawyer : never known him to say something inaccurate 
trump aide : never known him to say something inaccurate 
i'm sorry but no one on this earth is completely right 24/7 , and donald trump surely isn't . 
gotta post this again . has a gr8 memory until he's asked if he remembers the reporter 
40/50 greatest troll job , ever , or pure ignorance ? 
donald trump aide : never known him to say something inaccurate 
donald trump aide : wow ! never known him to say something inaccurate - 
interesting portion of the interview 
. had a perplexing interview with on today's episode of the lead 

. on 9/11 claims : " it's just wrong " via 
-who thinks is " addictive gateway drug " - on trump's 9/11 claims : ' it's just wrong ' 
christie on trump's 9/11 claims : ' it's just wrong ' . 
. " laughable " for to lecture on national security 
christie gets kudos for standing up to the orchestrated mal-factual trump . 4 a smart 
1st hand experience w/ christie - poor job in new jersey - never here & more interested in himself than nj ... 
. on mocking of disabled reporter : " it's just not worthy of someone running for president " 

exploring the extraordinary sets of 
exploring the extraordinary sets of ' gotham ' - 
loving those sets on click here for more : 
rt what i learned exploring the amazing sets of 
thanks on the set 
check out the set of and watch the season finale tonight ! 

at&t raises price for grandfathered unlimited data plans 
it's the end of the world as we know it ... for at&t 
y'all ain't shit at 
at&t raises price for unlimited data plans : time to ditch " think metro , think elite " 
raises price for grandfathered plans 
at&t is raising the price of its unlimited data plans 
you'll have to pry my unlimited data from my cold , dead hands ! at&t raises price for grandfathered unlimited data : 
at&t raises price for gradfathered unlimited data plans : 
at&t is raising the price of unlimited data plans 

here's how this alligator came to be named after 
a tale of two donald trumps , man and alligator 
please enjoy this fantastic / yarn on an alligator in florida named after 
" those people better look out because he might chew em and spit em out " " killer " story from 
i went to florida w/ to meet donald trump . no , not this one : 
is ... an alligator ?! -- - 
there are two donald trumps in this world . meet the second : 
tale of 2 trumps , man and alligator 
. met an alligator named donald trump . peak florida . 
" trump -- deemed too dangerous to live alongside other gators -- now lives in isolation ... " via 
sometimes you call a man about donald trump & he thinks you're talking about a gator . so ... you go to florida : 
" standing just outside the pen where trump — deemed too dangerous to live alongside other gators ... " 
you dig ? " tale of two donald trumps , man and alligator . " --" ... he'll chew em ' up and spit em ' out " 

marine guilty of killing transgender woman 
u.s. marine found guilty of killing transgender woman : 
u.s. marine guilty of killing transgender 
why do news reorts mention the killer's occupation when it doesn't really matter ? u.s. marine found guilty 

" you want to go a step further than waterboarding ? cause i'm ok with that , too . " is exactly the kind of freedom ... 
trump jokes taxes gave sanders a hernia 
so presidential . 🙈 
tasteless : jokes taxes gave a hernia 
. jokes that taxes gave a hernia via 
donald trump jokes taxes gave bernie sanders a hernia 
. , spits facts at liberal media on lies/spin spread about the don making fun of reporter andradicals 
another day , another opportunity for trump to embarrass himself 

17 ' star wars ' locations that actually exist 
17 locations that actually exist 
17 locations you can actually visit : 

. last state of the union will be on january 12 , 2016 
cnn : rt cnnpolitics : . speakerryan : potus ' last state of the union will be on january 12 , 2016 … 
paul ryan : state of the union address january 12 
paul ryan : obama to deliver his last state of the union address in january 
paul ryan : obama to deliver his last state of the union address january 12 

god bless joey & rory . story is bitter sweet . i wish the family lots of strength 
joey + rory dance as she battles cancer so sad . 😳 pls flock , tweets of 🙏 & 💜 2 this angelic-brave woman & family . 
. share a last dance as she battles stage 4 cancer 
what courage you have to share your story with the world . joey feek battles stage 4 cancer 
rt . share a last dance as she battles stage 4 cancer 
joey + rory share a last dance as she battles cancer - 

. mccarthy : there won't be a shutdown over planned parenthood 
rt . mccarthy : there won't be a shutdown over planned parenthood 
not ready to force shutdown over planned parenthood , suck it freedom caucus ! 
republicans not ready to force shutdown over planned parenthood 
republicans are not ready to force a shutdown over planned parenthood 
gop not ready to force shutdown over planned parenthood 
gop not ready for shutdown over planned parenthood 
house gop leader : no shutdown over planned parenthood 
' there won't be any government shutdown over taxpayer funding for planned parenthood , ' 
hey ! thanks for representtin ' gop ! mccarthy : no shutdown over planned parenthood funding . 
gop leader says no shutdown over planned parenthood , but hints budget deal could take until dec 18 

more clinton emails released ... 
some of clinton's benghazi-related emails released - 
hillary emailed chelsea the truth , the night of the arrack , and then told the country a political fabrication ... 
. releases some of related emails 
released clinton emails : " you tell your family it's a terrorist attack , but not the american people . " 
some of clinton’s benghazi-related emails released 
she is a and should not be allowed to run for president . oh yeh you dems dont care . 
lies and more lies 
some of clinton's emails released 
state department releases additional clinton emails 
more of released 
clinton emails that had classified info nears 1,000 . told family benghazi was terror attack , then lied to public 
. released some of related emails 
some of hillary clinton's benghazi-related emails released 

grave fears for australian surfers missing in mexico 
grave fears for missing australian surfers 
completely heartbreaking . they were hitting mine (& hubby's ) missing ; van found burned 
surfers missing ; van found burned 
surfers missing ; van found burned why in the fuck do white peoples go to mexico , never fails . 
time , & again foreigners go missing in & turned up dead . why would i ever want to visit there ! 
surfers ' families fear worst after burned van found in by 
if there were 2 bodies in the van , the surfer-dudes r dead . gf , don't spend yrs thinking a surfer was gonna propose . 

