paris terror attack suspect believed to have escaped to syria 
may be in 
paris suspect believed in syria 
new details emerge about the suspect salah abdeslam and his possible whereabouts . 
paris terror suspect may have escaped to syria 
rt french intel believes paris attack suspect salah abdeslam has made his way back to syria 
did help suspect escape to obama/mccain/kristol controlled " rebel " ? 
paris terror attacks - via 
believed to be in 
cnn : planners were going to go to jewish schools & areas as well . 
paris terror attack suspect from belgium to syria without any interference at a border crossing . analysis needed . 
rt believed to be in 

. u.s. helped create climate change problem and will help fix it . 
leaders arrive in paris for climate conference 
" obama and other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference . " 
the outcome of this summit will impact our lives & lives of future generations to come . don't let us down ! 
a delayed identification lead 
paris anarchists threw the candles from memorial at police . wow , just ... wow . 
leaders in paris for climate conference show me the data !!!! show me the facts !! not some stupid " model " ! 
world leaders climate conference all of these scientist receiving govt . money to pay their bills ? thank you . 
french police and protestors clash amidst international climate change meeting 
attacked by terrorists 2 weeks ago and the french are clashing with police about not being able to protest . smdh 
world leaders paris climate conference no more models ! give the people factual data !! lord monckton rules !! 
police and protesters clash in paris 
starts tomorrow !! obama , other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference 
admitting state of emergency power not only 4 terrorists but 4 " troubling " environmental activists 
arrive in for 
leaders due in paris for cop21 climate change conference - 
police and protesters clash in as world leaders arrive for climate conference 
leaders due in paris for cop21 climate change meeting - 
jeez , as if the paris police don't have enough to deal with . why protest attempts to deal with climate change ? cnn 
despite all the violence by warmists , they were mostly peaceful or something 
warmists pelt police with , wait , candles ? seriously ? 
radical climate protesters pelted french police with candles stolen from paris attack memorials 
' scandalous ' scuffles at climate talks 
i found the story highlights to be helpful in this article as well as the use of tweets and twitter pictures : 
if you have ever held ur breath u know its not very fun climate conference 
wake up , tell ur government 2 stop spraying the sky w/ chemtrails , which contribute to change climate by force . 
world leaders in for major conference 
, other leaders due in for major conference 
150 leaders due in for major conference 
obama , other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference change 

rt sentences poet to death on blasphemy charges : apostasy , insulting the prophet , spreading atheism … 
rt saudi arabia - freedom of speech is the song of liberty . show the world your compassion . … 
saudi court has sentenced poet to death on blasphemy charges 
outrage over saudi death sentence for poet - 
outrage over death sentence for poet . 
our good friend saudi arabia , of course . 
hundreds of writers around the world have joined human rights groups in urging saudi arabia to release a poet who ... 
worldwide criticism over saudi death sentence for palestinian poet over blasphemy/apostasy charges 
sentenced to death because of his opinion . - outrage over saudi death sentence for poet - 
r we going 2stand by & do nothing ? outrage accept this over saudi death sentence for poet on blasphemy charges 

u.s. , differ on shootdown : 
body of downed russian pilot back in russia 
of downed russian pilot back in russia - cnn 
rt downed pilot's body returned to russia 
body of downed pilot back in russia - 
u.s. , russia differ on shootdown 
the obama administration continues making our country look like clowns . 
rt turkey's megalomaniac dictator should be ashamed of himself . 

paul ryan : state of the union address january 12 
. last state of the union will be on january 12 , 2016 
paul ryan : obama to deliver his last state of the union address in january 
paul ryan : obama to deliver his last state of the union address january 12 
speaker ryan says state of the union address to take place january 12 ( via 
president obama to deliver final state of the union address january 12 
update ! ~ paul ryan : address january 12 

34 university students injured after bus overturned in virginia ; driver charged with reckless driving . 
i think this article could have a better lead . 
more than 30 students injured in va . bus accident 
more than 30 college students injured in bus accident 

obama pays his respects at the bataclan in paris . 
obama pays his respects in paris 
pres obama pays his respects at the bataclan the night before 
pays his respects at the bataclan in paris - cnn international 
barack obama pays respects at the bataclan in paris 
pays his respects at the in 🙏🏻 
" come to admire your handiwork ? " ~ batman to penguin in " batman returns " 1992 

: - qantas shifts up into second place , but which carrier takes 
new translation with ecumenical shia-sunni commentary » could this curb - 
chicago officer charged with murder in shooting death of 17-year-old laquan mcdonald posted bond , authorities say . 
can clean energy save the gorillas ? by via - top stories 
can clean energy save the gorillas ? - top stories 
science lab launch delayed two years - 
can clean energy save the gorillas ? ( source : 
and the world's ' most excellent ' airline is ... - 
can clean energy save virunga's gorillas ? - 
saudi arabia to build world's tallest building 1km tall - 
the kid suing obama over climate change ( opinion ) - 
welcome to baoding , china's most polluted city - | 
can we save these gorillas ? : 
"' a charlie brown christmas ' celebrates 50 years - " from cnn ( 
best desserts around the world - 
rt study : cutting improves kids ' health in 10 days - … 
adolescent deaths from aids have tripled since 2000 - 
stories things you didn't know your tongue can do 
video news - 
could this quran curb extremism ? - 
rt the kid suing obama over climate change ( opinion ) - … 
chinese couple relive wedding , 70 years later - via 
things you didn't know your tongue can do - top stories 
outrage over subway breastfeeding pic - top stories 
could she be the next adele ? - top stories 
best airline in the world is ... - top stories 
' most excellent ' airlines for 2016 is ... by via - top stories 
mystery of china's levitating cars solved - 
ghostly ships with gruesome cargo hit japan's shores - 
' most excellent ' airlines for 2016 is ... - top stories 
saudi arabia elections : 900 women run for office - 
' most excellent ' airlines for 2016 is ... ( source : 
body of downed pilot back in russia - 
" newborn found buried alive along la-area walking path - - " 
u.s. embassy has ' credible reports of imminent attack ' in kabul - 
how i changed the world with a pencil - 
rt images of israeli soldier trying to arrest boy go viral - 
stories defying world , fleet to kill 333 whales 
is particularly obnoxious with the sensationalism . 
stage fright hasn't sidelined singer chelsea wolfe - 
world aids day : time to write last chapter on hiv - 
rt gun violence threat closes university of chicago campus - 
rt first officer goes on trial in freddie gray death - 
obama names new isis adviser - - 
planned parenthood shooting : suspect appears in court - 
check out this link by - top stories 
japan defies world on whales with new research program - 
rt this is inexcusable , " the april 19 death of freddie gray , the son of an illiterate heroin addict … 
defying world , fleet to kill 333 whales : with a mission to kill 333 minke whales , japan ... 
defying world , fleet to kill 333 whales - top stories 
burkina faso : from military plot to free elections - 
' 70s cbgb photos take you inside the epicenter of punk - 
coal fueling india's climate crisis - top stories 
amazon unveils new delivery service - cnn video - 
muslim migrants threw christians overboard , police say - 

after nearly three decades of autocratic rule followed by a civil uprising , burkina faso has a new leader . 
after nearly three decades of autocratic rule followed by a civil uprising , has a new leader . 

. to pitch plan to spend $350 billion on infrastructure via 
rt does anyone else seem to be rolling out detailed policy plans ? c'mon boys ... 
“ get your sledgehammers ready . we’ve got a glass ceiling to demolish ” 
rt basking in union support , rolls out her infrastructure plan 
hillary clinton’s plan for infrastructure : make businesses pay for it ( via 
. rolls out her plan to increase federal investment by $275b over the next 5 yrs : 
basking in union support , clinton rolls out infrastructure plan 
basking in union support , rolls out infrastructure plan . 

. seeks to seal his climate legacy in terror-addled paris via 
obama seeks to seal climate legacy in terror-addled paris 
ok so the peace deal failed , let's try .. obama seeks 2 seal climate legacy in terror-addled paris 
obama to climate legacy in paris 

chicago threat suspect allegedly sought to avenge laquan mcdonald's death 
student suspected of threatening to kill people at university of chicago is identified as 21-year-old jabari dean . 
man threatens to kill many white students , teachers and cops over social media to avenge friend's death 
rt gun violence threat closes university of chicago 
rt arrest in gun violence threat that closed university of chicago campus 
student threatened ' white devils ' 
empty threat is amuse . i doubt kid has/had $15-20k in guns . bigger q is how did make bail at $1.5 m ? 
this guy is a terrorist too . he might have ruined his own life with this , but at least he didn't ruin anyone else's . 
this guy was going to kill as many white devils and police as he could himself . 
suspect allegedly threatened to murder " white devils " at university of chicago . 
chicago threat suspect sought to avenge laquan mcdonald's death did political rhetoric lead to this ? 
hey media , how come this monster gets away without the label of being a terrorist ? 
now we have to suffer racist terrorists ? 
the right-wing sewer is going to overflow because a black person threatened to avenge the murder of laquan mcdonald 
in that closed 
chicago thug apprehended ; threatened to kill u of chicago " white devils " : 
jabari dean of chicago arrested for threatening to die killing as many " white devils " and policemen as possible : 
man who threatened university of chicago caught . " i will execute aproximately ( sic ) 16 white male students and or s … 
the sooner people realize race and religion don't matter , insane people are just fucking insane , the better <3 : 
arrest in threat at university of chicago 
chicago threat suspect , jabari dean , arrested - 
we don't need any overreactions . 
what is your response to this article ? 
threat shuts college ; arrest made 

suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after planned parenthood shooting 
jennifer markovsky and ke’arre stewart were the civilians killed in planned parenthood shooting , officials say . 
source : suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after 
so called pro-lifer ... is a murderer . 
source : colorado shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' - 
source : shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after planned parenthood shooting 
the planned parenthood killer had anti-abortion & right-wing views & mentioned " baby parts " lies spread by the media 
shooting finally , some info on the other victims ! i've only seen info about the leo , why is that ? 
ke'arre stewart saved lives before he died . a hero in iraq and at home . 
insight on the planned parenthood shooting 
domestic terrorism should receive greater attention than it does in this country . 
your name is on this . why isn't this " source " or " official " named ? everyone else in the story is named . 
can you read this without sensing the presence of a pro-life editor ? 
besides that , cnn , doesn't this " official " have a fucking name ? is it an unnamed source ? why ? 
rt the planned parenthood shooter talked about " baby parts , " language that we've heard politicians and pundits use . https … 
source : terror suspect's words suggest anti-abortion motive fixed it for you 
rt divorce , estrangement , isolation and mental health issues . our deviant culture creates monsters where once we had men h … 
source : shooting suspect's words suggest anti-abortion motive 
what were they doing ? mt jennifer markovsky & ke’arre stewart were civilians killed near pp . 
source : shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after attack 
crazy wrong re motive . 
should rush and his fox friends be culpable for inciting ? suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' 
suspect speaks of " baby parts " from video 
we now know is a terrorist and should be treated as such . 

shooting suspect appears in court 
no bond for accused planned parenthood shooter 
rt shooting suspect due in court has the latest . … 
damn this guy is ugly ! too bad his mother did not abort him !! 
planned parenthood shooting suspect made his first court appearance 
have blood on their hands for inciting using lying videos 
read how passive the language is describing dear . 
so you kill people because you are pro life ? that makes sense .... 
rt blame carly fiorina for the terrorist in colorado . 

