may be in 
paris terror attack suspect believed to have escaped to syria 
paris terror attacks - 
paris suspect believed in syria 
new details emerge about the suspect salah abdeslam and his possible whereabouts . 
paris terror suspect may have escaped to syria 
rt french intel believes paris attack suspect salah abdeslam has made his way back to syria 
did help suspect escape to obama/mccain/kristol controlled " rebel " ? 
terror attack suspect believed to be in 
cnn : planners were going to go to jewish schools & areas as well . 
paris terror attack suspect from belgium to syria without any interference at a border crossing . analysis needed . 

. u.s. helped create climate change problem and will help fix it . 
leaders arrive in paris for climate conference 
" obama and other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference . " 
the outcome of this summit will impact our lives & lives of future generations to come . don't let us down ! 
a delayed identification lead 
paris anarchists threw the candles from memorial at police . wow , just ... wow . 
leaders in paris for climate conference show me the data !!!! show me the facts !! not some stupid " model " ! 
world leaders climate conference all of these scientist receiving govt . money to pay their bills ? thank you . 
french police and protestors clash amidst international climate change meeting 
attacked by terrorists 2 weeks ago and the french are clashing with police about not being able to protest . smdh 
world leaders paris climate conference no more models ! give the people factual data !! lord monckton rules !! 
police and protesters clash in paris 
starts tomorrow !! obama , other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference 
admitting state of emergency power not only 4 terrorists but 4 " troubling " environmental activists 
arrive in for 
leaders due in paris for cop21 climate change conference - 
police and protesters clash in as world leaders arrive for climate conference 
leaders due in paris for cop21 climate change meeting - 
jeez , as if the paris police don't have enough to deal with . why protest attempts to deal with climate change ? cnn 
despite all the violence by warmists , they were mostly peaceful or something 
warmists pelt police with , wait , candles ? seriously ? 
radical climate protesters pelted french police with candles stolen from paris attack memorials 
' scandalous ' scuffles at climate talks 
i found the story highlights to be helpful in this article as well as the use of tweets and twitter pictures : 
if you have ever held ur breath u know its not very fun climate conference 
wake up , tell ur government 2 stop spraying the sky w/ chemtrails , which contribute to change climate by force . 
world leaders in for major conference 
, other leaders due in for major conference 
150 leaders due in for major conference 
obama , other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference change 

stop bying oil and stop fueling fanaticism with billions of dollars 
rt sentences poet to death on blasphemy charges : apostasy , insulting the prophet , spreading atheism … 
outrage over saudi death sentence for poet - 
rt saudi arabia - freedom of speech is the song of liberty . show the world your compassion . … 
saudi court has sentenced poet to death on blasphemy charges 
outrage over death sentence for poet . 
our good friend saudi arabia , of course . 
hundreds of writers around the world have joined human rights groups in urging saudi arabia to release a poet who ... 
worldwide criticism over saudi death sentence for palestinian poet over blasphemy/apostasy charges 
sentenced to death because of his opinion . - outrage over saudi death sentence for poet - 

chicago mayor will announce tuesday the creation of a task force on police accountability , his office says . 
chicago mayor to announce police accountability task force 
chicago mayor will announce tuesday the creation of a task force on police accountability , his office says . by : 
it's pretty embarrassing that this is viewed as a crazy move . kinda seems like common sense to most logical people . 
chicago to start police accountability task force 
cnnbrk : chicago mayor will announce tuesday the creation of a task force on police accountability , his office says . 
chicago mayor will announce tuesday the creation of a task force on police accountab … 

body of downed russian pilot back in russia 
rt body of shot down russian pilot in custody of turkish authorities . 
body of downed pilot back in russia - 
u.s. , differ on shootdown : 
of downed russian pilot back in russia - cnn 
rt downed pilot's body returned to russia 
u.s. , russia differ on shootdown 

. last state of the union will be on january 12 , 2016 
paul ryan : state of the union address january 12 
paul ryan : obama to deliver his last state of the union address in january 
paul ryan : obama to deliver his last state of the union address january 12 
speaker ryan says state of the union address to take place january 12 ( via 
president obama to deliver final state of the union address january 12 
update ! ~ paul ryan : address january 12 

34 university students injured after bus overturned in virginia ; driver charged with reckless driving . 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( 34 university students injured after bus overturned in virginia ; driver ... 
i think this article could have a better lead . 
more than 30 students injured in va . bus accident 
more than 30 college students injured in bus accident 

rt the way pilots responded to technical malfunction resulted in crash of air ... 
rt rt the way pilots responded to technical malfunction resulted in crash of air ... http … 
the way pilots responded to technical malfunction resulted in crash of air asia flight qz8501 , investigators say . 
jesus christ ! murdered those people !!! malfunction 23x in 1 year , with intervals shorter & shorter !! 
report : pilot response to equipment malfunction led to air asia qz8501 crash 
the way pilots responded to technical malfunction resulted in crash of air asia flight investigator … 
the way pilots responded to technical malfunction resulted in crash of air asia flight investigators say . 

the mayor of alaska's capital was found dead just weeks after he took office . 
( via ) cnn : rt cnnbrk : the mayor of alaska's capital was found dead just weeks after he t … 
mayor of juneau , alaska , found dead ; police address rumors 

obama pays his respects at the bataclan in paris . 
obama pays his respects in paris 
pres obama pays his respects at the bataclan the night before 
pays his respects at the bataclan in paris - cnn international 
barack obama pays respects at the bataclan in paris 
pays his respects at the in 🙏🏻 
" come to admire your handiwork ? " ~ batman to penguin in " batman returns " 1992 

climate change : why you should care ( source : 
surfing stars chase big waves in hawaii ( source : 
clock's ticking for a global agreement ( source : 
planned parenthood shooting : suspect appears in court - 
error in pilot response led to air asia qz8501 crash - 
pilot error led to air asia qz8501 crash - 
rt my new piece for on racism and criminal justice in america : 
stories indonesia releases report on crash 
mayor found dead weeks after taking office by via - top stories 
moscow : turkey downed plane to protect isis oil trade - 
mayor found dead weeks after taking office - top stories 
mayor found dead weeks after taking office ( source : 
ghostly ships with gruesome cargo hit japan's shores - - 
rt chicago officer charged with murder in shooting death of 17-year-old laquan mcdonald posted bond , authorities say . … 
chicago to start police accountability task force ( 
nyc should take note : from oslo to hong kong , cities are planning to go car-free - 
moscow : turkey shot down plane to protect oil ( 
world aids day : time to write last chapter on hiv - 
rt headline : " poll : 1 in 5 blacks say this " what an absolute piece of shit race-baiting company . 
paris terror attacks - 
breastfeeding mom sparks online uproar in china - 
indonesia releases report on crash - top stories 
report : pilot error led to air asia crash by via - top stories 
saudi arabia to build world's tallest building 1km tall - 
indonesia releases report on crash : according to report , technical errors and pilot err ... 
report : pilot error led to air asia crash - top stories 
grave fears for australian surfers missing in mexico - 
' blackface ' : dutch holiday tradition or racism ? - 
report : pilot error led to air asia crash ( source : 
the kid suing obama over climate change ( opinion ) - 
air asia flight crew unable to control plane after malfunction - top stories 
russia : plane shot down to protect isis oil trade - top stories 
stories $ 500,000 check found in kettle 
rt new translation with ecumenical shia-sunni commentary » could this curb - http … 
mystery of china's levitating cars solved - 
japan defies world on whales with new research program - 
adolescent deaths from aids have tripled since 2000 - 
17 ' star wars ' locations that actually exist - top stories 
trang : thailand's next big thing - top stories 
stage fright hasn't sidelined singer chelsea wolfe - via 
body of downed pilot back in russia - 
pooh was a real bear . winnie-the-pooh's skull 
u.s. and china to talk at climate conference in paris - 
anonymous donors give $ 500,000 to salvation army - 
chicago mayor to announce police accountability task force - 
donors drop $500k in salvation army kettle by via - top stories 
president obama links public health and climate change - 
sick and dying at 30,000 feet - 
how to meet your perfect ( weight loss ) match - 
10 winter health myths busted - 
donors drop $500k in salvation army kettle - top stories 
donors drop $500k in salvation army kettle ( source : 
$ 500,000 check found in kettle - top stories 
can clean energy save the gorillas ? ( 
nigerian troops free 241 women , children in boko haram camps - 

after nearly three decades of autocratic rule followed by a civil uprising , burkina faso has a new leader . " 
rt voters in burkina faso went to the polls on sunday to select a new president and legislature . 
after nearly three decades of autocratic rule followed by a civil uprising , has a new leader . 

“ get your sledgehammers ready . we’ve got a glass ceiling to demolish ” 
basking in union support , clinton rolls out infrastructure plan 
. to pitch plan to spend $350 billion on infrastructure via 
rt does anyone else seem to be rolling out detailed policy plans ? c'mon boys ... 
rt basking in union support , rolls out her infrastructure plan 
hillary clinton’s plan for infrastructure : make businesses pay for it ( via 
. rolls out her plan to increase federal investment by $275b over the next 5 yrs : 
rt basking in union support , clinton rolls out infrastructure plan 
basking in union support , rolls out infrastructure plan . 

. seeks to seal his climate legacy in terror-addled paris via 
. potus seeks to seal his climate legacy in terror-addled paris via kevinliptakcnn 
obama seeks to seal climate legacy in terror-addled paris 
ok so the peace deal failed , let's try .. obama seeks 2 seal climate legacy in terror-addled paris 
obama to climate legacy in paris 

rt student suspected of threatening to kill people at university of chicago is identified as 21-year-old jabari dean . … 
chicago threat suspect allegedly sought to avenge laquan mcdonald's death 
so question , where are the protesters now ? oh , that's right , we would be racist to protest this . 
student threatened ' white devils ' 
man threatens to kill many white students , teachers and cops over social media to avenge friend's death 
rt gun violence threat closes university of chicago 
rt arrest in gun violence threat that closed university of chicago campus 
empty threat is amuse . i doubt kid has/had $15-20k in guns . bigger q is how did make bail at $1.5 m ? 
this guy is a terrorist too . he might have ruined his own life with this , but at least he didn't ruin anyone else's . 
this guy was going to kill as many white devils and police as he could himself . 
suspect allegedly threatened to murder " white devils " at university of chicago . 
chicago threat suspect sought to avenge laquan mcdonald's death did political rhetoric lead to this ? 
hey media , how come this monster gets away without the label of being a terrorist ? 
now we have to suffer racist terrorists ? 
the right-wing sewer is going to overflow because a black person threatened to avenge the murder of laquan mcdonald 
in that closed 
chicago thug apprehended ; threatened to kill u of chicago " white devils " : 
jabari dean of chicago arrested for threatening to die killing as many " white devils " and policemen as possible : 
man who threatened university of chicago caught . " i will execute aproximately ( sic ) 16 white male students and or s … 
the sooner people realize race and religion don't matter , insane people are just fucking insane , the better <3 : 
arrest in threat at university of chicago 
chicago threat suspect , jabari dean , arrested - 
we don't need any overreactions . 
what is your response to this article ? 

suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after planned parenthood shooting 
jennifer markovsky and ke’arre stewart were the civilians killed in planned parenthood shooting , officials say . 
source : suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after 
so called pro-lifer ... is a murderer . 
source : colorado shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' - 
source : shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after planned parenthood shooting 
the planned parenthood killer had anti-abortion & right-wing views & mentioned " baby parts " lies spread by the media 
shooting finally , some info on the other victims ! i've only seen info about the leo , why is that ? 
ke'arre stewart saved lives before he died . a hero in iraq and at home . 
insight on the planned parenthood shooting 
domestic terrorism should receive greater attention than it does in this country . 
your name is on this . why isn't this " source " or " official " named ? everyone else in the story is named . 
can you read this without sensing the presence of a pro-life editor ? 
besides that , cnn , doesn't this " official " have a fucking name ? is it an unnamed source ? why ? 
rt the planned parenthood shooter talked about " baby parts , " language that we've heard politicians and pundits use . https … 
source : terror suspect's words suggest anti-abortion motive fixed it for you 
rt divorce , estrangement , isolation and mental health issues . our deviant culture creates monsters where once we had men h … 
source : shooting suspect's words suggest anti-abortion motive 
what were they doing ? mt jennifer markovsky & ke’arre stewart were civilians killed near pp . 
source : shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after attack 
crazy wrong re motive . 
should rush and his fox friends be culpable for inciting ? suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' 
suspect speaks of " baby parts " from video 
we now know is a terrorist and should be treated as such . 

shooting suspect appears in court 
no bond for accused planned parenthood shooter 
rt shooting suspect due in court has the latest . … 
damn this guy is ugly ! too bad his mother did not abort him !! 
planned parenthood shooting suspect made his first court appearance 
have blood on their hands for inciting using lying videos 
read how passive the language is describing dear . 
so you kill people because you are pro life ? that makes sense .... 
rt blame carly fiorina for the terrorist in colorado . 

