




i have no idea if jon snow will be alive , dead , or undead next season , but the book never actually says he died . 
jon snow lives !! 
' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow debate 
' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow debate via 
" what is dead may never die , " right ? poster fuels jon snow debate . 
john snow lives ! 
jon is alive😊 ' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow debate 
rt ' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow debate 
he's back . ' you know nothing jon snow ' via 
is still alive ? 






17 injured in new orleans shooting 
rt 16 people shot by thugs in new orleans in 1 nite and we r worried about isis ? go figure ! 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped this 
seventeen people were shot in new orleans in a crowded park . 
why worry about americans shoot at themselves . hundreds of witnesses , very few speak out . 
17 injured in park shooting in new orleans . 
how horrible ! 
if blacks reported criminals , america would be a completely different place . 
multiple people injured after shooting at new orleans park . 
16 injured in new orleans shooting 
police seek witnesses after shootout at crowded park - someone knows something . come on !! 
" police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout " at bunny friend park " hundreds of witnesses " 😞 
more 
if you see nothing , explain how you are not part of the problem . 
i love my hometown . stop the violence . 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in new orleans // 
breaking news that just occurred in louisiana 
what's up with 
why are mass shooting becoming so popular ? 16 dead at a music video shoot . 
shooting in new orleans leaves many injured 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in 😔 
new orleans it would be astonishing to go a day or two without killings 
of course the people were not terrified and this is not terrorism 
the shooting at a new orlean park left 16 injured . 700 ppl were gathered at the park 
shooting breaks out at new orleans park notice how the medea neglects to say the word black . 

carson walks back support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
is a joke . what a clown ... | 
trump's 9/11 claim widely disputed 
carson camp walks back support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
carson camp walks back support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim do not elect this man ! 
. walks back on his support for disputed 9/11 claim 
looking for like to ask gotcha question like asked of carson and trump 
. 9/11 celebration claim widely disputed 
carson camp walks back support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim : ( cnn ) 
guess who's still wrong ? 
rt . 9/11 claim widely disputed . 
claims he saw 1,000 s in cheering on gives claim " four pinocchios " . 
god hes such an idiot 😩😩😩 - 
trumps claim about celebrations for 9/11 attacks is nonsense . election 2016 = if it sounds true , good enough . 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( . 9/11 claim widely disputed . 
they are lying they were cheering 
everyone on earth not named " donald trump " refutes trump's imaginary 9/11 celebration claim 
carson camp walks back support for ' s disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
rt . 9/11 celebration claim is widely disputed via 
ben carson's camp walks back support for donald trump's debunked 9/11 celebration in new jersey claim . 
it doesn't take a brain surgeon to know that blindly backing trump is not the smartest move . 
trump's disputed 9/11 celebration ... in alberta the muslims cheered where they were promptly beat up by the whites . 
trump , carson 9/11 claim disputed he never comes out of his hotel , how would he see anything ?? fantasizing again ? 
trump , carson repeat disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
more mud thrown at actually there were people cheering in new jersey after 9/11 
& claiming us muslims rejoiced on 9/11 is shameful ! neither should be gop mess ! 
title of this article should be " trump , carson repeat untrue 9/11 celebration claim " 
making america great through ignorance 



trump video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage 
edited video overlays clinton laughing onto images of benghazi wreckage 
. video shows laughing over benghazi wreckage 
trump video shows clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 
donald trump video shows hillary clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 
ok donald , this is irresponsible . video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage 
the witchy imagery is not hidden at all in this one : 

u2 will ' put on our best ' for rescheduled paris concert 
bono promises u2 will ' put on our best ' for rescheduled paris concert 
u2 will ' put on our best ' for rescheduled paris concert ( via 
u2 will ' put on our best ' for rescheduled paris concert : u2 and hbo have rescheduled the concert teleca ... 
u2 back in paris the first weekend of december -- hbo concert rescheduled for dec . 7 : 


he escaped ' the beast ' of 
why i stay in baltimore 
rt he escaped ' the beast ' of 
a compelling portrait . from squeegee boy to college professor , d . watkins escaped ' the beast ' of 
great article on the inner city .... and going on to success .... enjoy 
cool article . 
great feature on on check it out here - ' the beast side ' is available now 
escaped ' the beast ' of baltimore 



rt new op-ed by on " on refugees , balance compassion and safety " 
there are credible persons in syria to vouch for each one ? >> paul ryan : on refugees , balance compassion & safety 
paul ryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety 
. on refugees , balance compassion and safety via 
ryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety i hope this is not a smoke screen 2 pacify concerned americans 
rt . cnn op-ed : " on refugees , balance safety , compassion " 
house speaker says america can balance compassion and safety w/ refugees : 
on balance compassion and safety 
paul ryan : on refugees , balance , safety , compassion 
house passed american safe act . background check 
. speakerryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety vi … 
essay by - balance security & compassion in addressing 
based on ' logic ' , we should avoid anything/anyone that ' might be a threat ' . like 
paul ryan : on humans , balance compassion and safety - cnn international 
a great read for your monday morning . insight on the refugee program from a man that should know , 

ted cruz , on the attack 
. is on the attack via 
new , from west des moines -- ted cruz , who refused to touch contrast with a stick , now finds himself in crosshairs . 

the future of 
" because they represent life . " portraits of the future -- the youth of 
in the wake of the paris attacks , took portraits of young people across the city : 
" it was the youth of france who were targeted simply because they represent life , " french president francois ... 

pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests in pregnant wife's murder 
" choosing to let my emotions drive my decisions is recipe for a hopeless and fruitless life . " 
cnn has them shown here . think obama will comment on this case ? don't hold your breath ... 
imagine if the races were reversed pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests pregnant wife's murder 
no punishment on earth will be as bad as when these two get to hell . 
white lives matter as much as any other life . killing is killing our blood flows the same . respect to this ... 
two arrested in death of pastor's wife amanda blackburn - 
if you believe in see this 
rt police arrest man in connection with murder of pregnant pastor's wife . 
time to take out and dispose of the trash !!!! 
" today i am deciding to love , not hate . " unbelievable story of compassion . may we all learn to love like this . 
men arrested in pastor's wife killing 
two arrested in the death of pastors wife , amanda blackburn . hmmmmmmmmmm - 
fantastic and fast police work .... law enforcement officials have arrested two pieces of garbage for the rape and ... 
pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after teen's arrest in pregnant wife's murder 
police arrest teen in murder of pastor's wife 
arrested 3 black men in this rape/torture/murder , but media fails to mention race when blacks commit vicious crimes . 
this is so sad man 
pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after teen's arrest in pregnant wife's ... - cnn 
3 black " kill gang " members rape and murder white pregnant pastors wife . where is ? 
man arrested in pastor's wife murder case - via 
want to know what " bearing fruit of the spirit " looks like ? this guy's response to his wife's murder : 
pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' re : arrest of blacks in pregnant wife's murder 
police arrest 2nd man for the murder of a pregnant preacher's wife , shot in a home invasion source : indianapolis pd 
pastor chooses ' love not hate ' after wife's killing - 
man arrested in pastor's wife killing 
18 year old arrested for murdering a pastor's pregnant wife . 
i am sick of 





