nato has formally invited the nation of montenegro to join the military alliance , nato's secretary-general says . 
nato formally invites montenegro to join alliance 
invites to join 
nato montenegro membership invitation - 
nato invites montenegro to join 
great news ! the expansion of nato is critical to us interests . 
makes little sense while much larger countries like ireland , sweden , austria , and israel remain outside of nato . 

can this pill end the aids epidemic ? 
rt this pill can prevent so why don't more people use it ? … 
rt this pill can prevent so y don't more people use it ? 
prep : can it end the aids epidemic ? - 

' mein kampf ' to be republished in germany 70 years after adolf hitler's death 
' mein kampf ' to be republished in germany 70 years after adolf hitler's death - … 
brits and french sure skipped reading this book in the mid-30s didn’t they ? 

white house hopefuls mark world aids day 
this is a news article regarding 
" we must continue to drive research into newer , better treatments . " 
“ white house hopefuls mark world aids day ” via 
👼 upstate organizations raising awareness ahead of world aids day - wspa ❤❤ 👵👼 
👶 world aids day events dec # 1 - fox 2 detroit 👶 ❤❤❤ ❤❤❤ 👮 
let's commit 2 an generation 
upstate organizations raising awareness ahead of world aids day - wspa 👦 😰 
" we must do everything possible to get people the medicine they need , " 

16 questions we want answered in 

nyt has front page story blanked out in thailand - cnn 
nyt has front page story blanked out in thailand via 
self-censorship gone wrong : nyt has front page story blanked out in thailand via 
new york times ’ front-page story blanked out in thailand > 
printing plant in thailand whited out front page yarn pointing to that country's sagging economy . 
nyt has front page story blanked out in thailand : the new york times was published in thailand with a front pa ... 
. front pg story blanked out in thailand . bc censorship is def the best way to have people not talk about it 
😶 has front page story blanked out in thailand - cnn 

rt standing at the pulpit that launched mlk , clinton says the civil rights struggle ' isn't finished ' - my story : … 
standing at the pulpit that launched says the civil rights struggle ' isn't finished ' 
recognizing says the civil rights struggle " isn't finished " 
rt “ our work isn’t finished . we do have to pay it forward . there are still injustices perpetrated every day . ” - hrc … 
recognizing hillaryclinton says the civil rights struggle " isn't finished " 
clinton says the civil rights struggle ' isn't finished ’ 
rt . in montgomery : " we must strengthen that most fundamental citizenship right , the right to vote " … 
not by a long shot !!! clinton says the civil rights struggle ' isn't finished ' 
hillary clinton says the civil rights struggle ' isn't finished ' 60th anniversary montgomery bus boycott 

porn star accused of rape , assault 
it's getting national coverage now . 
porn star james deen accused by women of rape , assault . " 
looks like is now making national headlines . 
james deen accused of rape and assault by women 
women accused porn star james deen of rape , assault 
looks like somebody won't be working in porn for much longer . 
" i was afraid " fear of not being believed kept her from reporting to law enforcement or speaking up 
becuz of deen's " nice-guy image " , allegations are drawing comparisons to the sex abuse scandal involving bill cosby : 

volkswagen's u.s. sales plunge 25% in wake of emissions scandal 
volkswagen's u.s. sales plunge 25% in wake of emissions scandal via 
volkswagen's u.s. sales plunge 25% in wake of scandal - cnnmoney 
anyone else surprised it's only 25% ? 
sales drop 25% in november ( for my colleagues ) 
volkswagen's u.s. sales drop 25% in wake of scandal 

zuckerberg pledges 99% of facebook stock to charitable causes | 
zuckerberg pledges 99% of facebook stock to charitable causes - cnn 
mark zuckerberg set to donate 99% of his facebook shares to charity as he celebrates the birth of his daughter . 
pledges 99% of stock to charitable causes 
zuckerberg to donate 99% of facebook stock - 
because bill gates : 
99% of facebook stock to charity 
love that they didn't wait till they were old before they started sharing their blessings to others . :) 
zuckerberg pledges 99% of facebook stock to charity . 
99% of to 
zuckerberg pledges 99�0of facebook stock to charity december 01 - cnnmoney 
pledges 99% of stock to charity . reports : 
that's awesome . 
zuckerberg pledges 99% of facebook stock ($45 billion ) to charity . 
here's how mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan's massive donation of $fb stock will work via 
i've never seen anything like this before . amazing decsion to help others & reduce your taxes too . 
wonder if zuckerberg would donate some of those shares to my new charity for under-mobilized child adults . 
founder cerebrates the birth of his child by breaking the giving tuesday record 
zuckerberg pledges 99% of stock to 
true winner ! 

report : plan to close guantanamo bay deemed too costly 

the town where boys are ' groomed to become pimps ' 
the town ' built on sex slavery ' 
fighting sex trafficking in the ' town built on exploitation ' 
fighting sex trafficking in tenancingo 
fighting sex trafficking in ' town built on exploitation ' proud board member . 
from mexico to the us : fighting in the ' townbuiltonexploitation ' 

could win the gop nomination ? 
could donald trump win the gop nomination ? - 
could donald trump win the gop nomination ? // if he wins nomination he will lose election - it's lose lose fir 
rt “ could win the gop nomination ? via … 
“ could win the gop nomination ? via ” yes 😌 
could he ? yes . will he ? probably ... 
i just said on yesterday that we need to get un-emotional about this election and stop dismissing ... 
could trump win the gop nomination ? 
rt by conventional wisdom , should be a has-been — but his campaign is thriving https … 
could trump win nomination ? 
no real competition - - could gop(r)donald trump win the gop nomination ? 
it's not funny anymore 
i find it rather amusing the liberal media and the rest of the gop try their best to prove to the rest of the ... 
insane how someone who is racist , sexist , makes fun of veterans and special needs is leading the presidential race . 
could win the nomination ? says that remains ahead in the polls 
obsesion or fear to , he is again on the headlines for the leftist biased media , 
could he win the gop nomination ? troubling for you leftists , isn't it ? of course he could ! 
great lead to this story : 
donald trump is cashing in on the " silent majority " that could very well propel him to the gop nomination . 

robbers in panda onesies hit store 
robbers , wearing panda onesies , hit store - 
robbers , wearing panda onesies , rob store 
convenience store in england robbed by giant bipedal men : 
you and brian doing a little extra celebrating ? 
nothing worse than a gang pandas in onsies . 

it's wednesday and there's a new national poll- and it has ben carson dropping from 23% last month to 16% now 
quinnipiac poll gop national trump 27% rubio 17 cruz/carson 16 bush 5 🐎🐎🐎🐎🐎🐫🐎🐎🐩🐎🐎🐎 
so and should drop out ....... immediately . 
quinnipiac poll . gop national : tump 27% rubio 17 cruz/carson 16 bush 5 margin of error 3.8 pts h/t 
undisputed leader of the pack . freaking out ... 
rubio rising : rt quinnipiac poll gop national trump 27% rubio 17 cruz/carson 16 bush 5 
poll : trump leads as carson fades 
two surge as main challengers to in latest poll 
new quinnipiac university poll numbers show trump still leading , as carson fades ( via 
donald trump is now the undisputed leader of the republican presidential pack 

chicago asked chief for resignation . 
chicago mayor asks for police superintendent's resignation 
chicago mayor to announce police accountability task force - 
breaking ! chicago's chief of police has been fired ! 
chicago mayor fires city's top cop in wake of criticism 
hey rahm , looked in the mirror lately ? i doubt it . chicago mayor asks for police superintendent's resignation 
mayor asks for superintendent's resignation 
chicago mayor asks police superintendent to resign 
chicago mayor wants police accountability task force - 
blah blah blah " task force " why don't you livestream the entire process and show all the horrible things you find 
web dsign chicago mayor asks for polic ... 
there's a rampaging gang w/ 23,000 members terrorizing chicago and numbsack rahm wants cops to be watched like hawks 

" officer who shot tamir rice , 12 , releases statement , says he saw a " real and active " threat . " 
shooting : officer says threat was ' real and active ' 
prosecutor shd be defending dead kid , not officer who shot him . by actions , prosecutor is defending cop . 
this bulshit ... smdh tamir rice shooting : officer says threat was ' real and active ' 
he was 12 rt " officer who shot tamir rice , 12 , releases statement , says he saw a " real & active " threat . " 
attorney for family says officers are getting special treatment from prosecutors 
officer who shot 12-year-old speaks out for first time since shooting 

hiv myths debunked by the experts - 
rt today is it's important to stay educated and informed . 
rt 8 dangerous hiv myths debunked by the experts : 


u.s. marine found guilty of killing transgender woman 
u.s. marine guilty of killing transgender 
rt u.s. found guilty of killing woman in 
acts like this confuse me as to why someone would act like this 
here we go 
scott pemberton's actions of murder are a direct reflection of the hate and lack of tolerance existing in our ... 
gets 12 years in killing of woman 
sickening 😩 
marine gets 12 years in killing of transgender woman 
only 12 years ? wtf ? 
a well-deserved verdict . 
there's no justification for taking anyone's life , however , transgenders also need to disclose their " situation " . 
u.s. marine found guilty of killing woman in philippines 
us marine strangles transgendered filipino woman and leaves body in toilet 
sentenced to up to 12 years . for murdering a human being . 

. share a last dance as she battles stage 4 cancer 
rt . share a last dance as she battles stage 4 cancer 
joey & rory share dance as she battles terminal cancer . their story breaks my heart . sending love to fellow hoosiers 
god bless joey & rory . story is bitter sweet . i wish the family lots of strength 
joey + rory dance as she battles cancer so sad . 😳 pls flock , tweets of 🙏 & 💜 2 this angelic-brave woman & family . 
what courage you have to share your story with the world . joey feek battles stage 4 cancer 
joey + rory share a last dance as she battles cancer - 

the scourge of 
race and reality : the scourge of segregation : 
' people are afraid of each other ' - 
cheers to 4 being a part of the solution of breaking down 
as we need to continue to come together to build an 
race and reality : breath ... now think why black lives matter should be called urban lives matter . 
feature in this story about ' race & reality : the scourge of segregation ' by 
this is modern-day segregation 
ah , a prime example of cultural division ... " pants hanging down " is funny in a way , but the fear factor is not . 
milwaukee in the national spotlight again . 
and the the scourge of 
race and reality : careful : with 80% of a , and 20% b , with all else being equal ... ' a ' will occur 80% of the time . 
we are only skin deep in difference in shade but we are miles apart realistically ; 
a sad , thought-provoking picture of segregation in milwaukee from 
segregation is still a huge problem in the us . these pictures really portray modern society 
if you guys don't think media ( to include prime-time shows ) don't affect perspectives ... 
race and reality : scourge of segregation . 
how did milwaukee become the most segregated city in america ? 
what modern-day segregation looks like : 
thanks to cnn's ray sanchez for including true skool in this story ... reality in mke .... 
" in fact , black drivers in milwaukee are seven times more likely to be pulled over by cops than whites , according … 
check out cnn's race & reality in america featuring true skool , inc . and data and analysis from uwm's robert ... 
" status and popularity won't serve as shields from the exigencies of blackness . " race and reality : 
it's good to see two of my mentors and favorite nonprofit featured in this articles . 
residents tell how modern segregation impacts life : 
a ground zero for cultural and political wars - 

turkish president is committed to seal unsecured stretch of border with syria . 
downed russian plane : syria's assad says turkish president ' lost his nerve ' 
us kerry : turkish president erdoğan is committed to seal unsecured stretch of border with 

can the headphone jack survive a thinner iphone ? 
iphone 7 going without headphone jack due to thinner phone 
" if you believe the rumors , your next iphone might come without a headphone jack . " 
apple attempting to redesign the headphone jack in order to make slimmer iphone . 
no headphone jack on the next will bluetooth headphones be the norm for future phones ? what do you think ? 
i guess i should include a link for this .... 
i'll be salty if this rumor is true : 
is this really true or just a rumor ? 
the could come without a headphone jack ! 
who still wants that iphone ? 
your next iphone may be missing a headphones jack ! 
no headphone jack for the next iphone ? 
of course apple is : apple reportedly to remove headphone jack on next model of smartphone via 
the iphone 7 may be the death of the headphone jack via 
sigh , that would probably be a silly move , iphone . then again , computers survived the removal of a disc drive ... 
would you buy an iphone with no headphone jack ? 
i will scream if they get rid of headphones for the iphone 7 via 
rumours are floating around that the iphone 7 will be slimmer and may not have a headphone jack . 
from cnn tech : if you believe the rumors , your next iphone might come without a headphone ... 
saying goodbye to the headphone jack with 
would you like a cell phone without any headphone jack ? well not me i use a plain and simple earbud and ... 
i wonder if apple is spreading this headphone jack rumor to improve sales 
well if this is true then i'm not getting another iphone after this 
feeling conflicted about this , then again perhaps it is time to cut the chord . 
hey apparently apple is removing the headphone jack in the newer version of the iphones . 
an iphone without a headphone jack ? possibly , if it keeps getting thinner . 
this is more groundbreaking than changing the was we charge devices ... no headphone port ?? ( via ) 
i'm going to be very unhappy if apple decides the best choice for us all is to become that bluetooth dude . 

earbud headphones that won't fall out of your ears ( seriously ) 
revols headphones can mold to your ear in an instant , giving you a perfect-fitting earbud . 

former intel chief says wh worried over re-elect ' narrative ' 
former intelligence official says wh ignored early reports of because they did not fit re-election " narrative " 

could be looking for a buyer 
$yhoo futures up 8% on news could be looking for a buyer us stock futures fairly flat otherwise . 
yahoo for sale ? 
purple pride and yodel on the block ! no talk of likely suitors just yet . 
no surprise here . if you get another shot , marissa , choose your battles wisely . 
“ could be looking for a buyer - cnn ” 

watching # being 13 , hearing phrases like " social combat " and " revenge porn . " jesus our society is so screwed . 
being 13 : perils of lurking on social media - 
sad . how to protect our kids from this ? - perils of lurking on social media 
youth pastors very interesting read as we reach these teens !... being 13 : perils of lurking on social media 
what is it really like to be 13 in the media age ? 

family of ronald johnson wants dashcam video released - 
family of man killed by chicago police wants dashcam video released 
family of killed by chicago police , wants dashcam video released ; lawyer says cops planted gun . 
family of wants dashcam video released 

remembering rosa parks 
rt remembering marking the 60th anniversary of her pivotal , defiant act 
rt today marks the 60th anniversary of taking a stand for equal rights . http … 
this day in history : 
rt 60 years ago , today , refused to give up her seat . 
rt rosa parks : 60th anniversary of day she refused to give up bus seat 
today we remember the courage and bravery of rosa parks 
rosa parks made history 60 years ago today . 
60 years ago today , rosa parks refused to give up her bus seat to a white man . 
thank you rosa parks for taking a stand 60 years ago . i wish more people would speak out for things they believe in . 
rt rosa parks helped spark a movement 60 years ago . 
rt " you must never be fearful of what you are doing when it is right " who 60 yrs ago refused to move ! … 
today marks the 60th anniversary of rosa parks taking a stand for equal rights . 
60 years later . still remembered . very inspirational ! 
remembering the great rosa parks 

explosion injures 5 near istanbul subway , official says 
turkey explosion - cnn international 


uk labour leader lays out case against syria airstrikes , warns of far-reaching consequences . 
uk lawmakers start debate on whether to join anti-isis strikes in syria . cameron cites fundamental security threat . 
cnnbrk : uk labour leader lays out case against syria airstrikes , warns of far-reaching consequences . … 
uk parliament to vote on whether to bomb isis in syria 
cnnbrk : uk lawmakers start debate on whether to join anti-isis strikes in syria . cameron cites fundamental securit … 
uk votes on whether to bomb isis in syria - exodus 4:11 - 
rt cnnbrk " uk lawmakers start debate on whether to join anti-isis strikes in syria . cameron cites fundamental secu … " 


16 questions we want answered in ' star wars : the force awakens ' 
answers we want from new ' star wars ' 
answers we want from ' star wars ' 
where's luke skywalker ? 
16 questions we want answered in the force awakens 
this looks fun ... 
star wars : 16 questions we want answered - 

china's most polluted city 
welcome to china's most polluted city 
pollution so bad in baoding , china that citizens can't see buildings next to them , levels 4x higher than normal 
city chokes on thick pollution 
beijing air pollution reaches hazardous levels : 
will pollution ? 
this city is choking on off-the-charts pollution 
what's up with the girl moonwalking at the end of the video in china 
can most polluted city lead a energy revolution ? 
this is horrible ! clean energy must come faster to the world . 
i would die living in a city like this ! 
i hope the world leaders really get some positive momentum in paris . we only have one planet . 
chinese cities choke on smog four times u.n. limits 
what its like to life in one of the most polluted cities in world . and can it lead a green energy revolution ? 
could this city lead a revolution ? 
this is apauling , but the reality is many of the large cities are headed here . best effort just isnt enough 
living in most polluted city 
cycle more ... drive less 

: things to know as it celebrates 50 years 
' a charlie brown christmas ' marks 50 years 
' charlie brown christmas ' celebrates 50 years 
my tree's not bad at all , really . maybe it just needs a little love 
rt : things to know as it celebrates 50 years 
okay , so in addition to surprising people when i tell them i don't like chocolate , they also lose their minds ... 
a rich christmas tradition 
watching a charlie brown christmas and getting tears in my eyes ....... 
almost didn't happen 😱 cbs execs said " we'll play it once and that will be all . good try " 🤔 
' a charlie brown christmas ' : did you know ? 
50 years of charlie brown christmas - pure innocence 
happy 50th anniversary charlie brown ! 
did u know ? the famous monologue about true meaning of christmas was almost cut " -'a charlie brown christmas ' 50 yrs 
our favorite family christmas tradition-watching this movie with a cup of hot chocolate with marshmallows and a ... 
good grief ! one of my favorite christmas movies turns 50 : 
happy birthday charlie brown('s christmas special ) 

. on his meeting with black pastors : " i saw love in that room " 
. pastors speak after meeting with " it was a great day " 
rt black religious leaders invited to meet deny plans to endorse him … 
trump on meeting with black pastors : ' i saw love in that room ' 
donald trump enthused after meeting with black pastors - 
rt trump cancels event with pastors 
trumpian smoke and mirrors – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – 
rt those pastors actually sold out their congregations for that fool donald trump . 
rt black religious leaders : no trump endorsement 
. " this meeting was amazing " 
rt pastors : we didn't say that , trump 
rt last night , omarosa was front and center for trump's shenanigans . i wonder how much does a soul cost for these days ? htt … 
rt why & didn't you have a single real black pastor on or … 
. realdonaldtrump on his meeting with black pastors : " i saw love in that room " 
rt black pastors mixed on endorsement 
black pastors do not endorse trump in fact they condemn a ticket based on bigotry 

car sales race toward record year 
u.s. car sales remain in high gear , with the industry on track to post record sales 
car sales race toward record year via 
it's been a great year for the auto industry via 

rt . says that the war on women is made up . then tells women to just use condoms . … 
cruz : gop isn't ' condom police ' 
says isn't ' condom police ' . insists there's no b/c there are condoms . 
rt ted cruz - yes , the one who's a senator from tx - says he's never met a conservative who would ban contraceptives . … 
rt cnn uses phrase " waded into awkward territory " while describing contraceptive talk . how old are we ? … 
jiminy cricket ? 
verifiably false : 
rt . on condoms : " last i checked we don't have a rubber shortage " 
. the gop is not the " condom police " via 
" i have never met anybody , any who wants to ban 
cruz says gop isn't the " condom police , " ignoring that many " pro-lifers " categorize the pill as abortifacient : 
cruz : " hillary clinton embraces abortion on demand in all circumstances up until the moment of birth . " 
" last i checked we don't have a rubber shortage in america . " - response to condom police nickname . 
there's a difference between trying to discredit a politician and being an asshole when running for office 
isn't " condom police " cruz uses the playbook . accuse opponent of what u do . that is lie&use fear ! 
they obviously aren't the corrupt politician police either . 
so that explains how he could've had 17 kids ... 
cruz rejects ' war on women ' with condom quip 
" condom police " sounds like a weird al cover of a radiohead song that just went too far . 
ahaha , glad to see somebody put this in perspective . gop isn't ' condom police ' 
this is a social issue 
not reminds voters ' not condom police ' via 
yes felicio gop is not the condom police those are for men , but birth control pills you know the kind women take ... 
gaw . if it weren't for lies , would be effectively mute . 
during a stop in iowa , cruz accused clinton of falsely attacking the gop as " the condom police . " cruz added : ... 
ted cruz talks contraception in iowa : " last i checked we don't have a rubber shortage in america . " 
ted cruz on condoms : "" last i checked we don't have a rubber shortage in america . " 
rt ted cruz : no , the gop isn't the condom police great way to deal with the ' war on women ' narrat … 
: isn't " we don't have a rubber shortage in america . " 
condom police is the name of my new band 
wait , didn't he just attend an event literally overflowing jesus freaks who want to ban contraception ? 
ted cruz : isn't condom police you just lie so incessantly ... it's embarrassing . 

trump lawyer : never known him to say something inaccurate 
. aide : i've never known him to say something inaccurate 
michael cohen : donald trump has never been wrong . ever . period . 
trump aide : never known him to say something inaccurate 
i'm sorry but no one on this earth is completely right 24/7 , and donald trump surely isn't . 
gotta post this again . has a gr8 memory until he's asked if he remembers the reporter 
40/50 greatest troll job , ever , or pure ignorance ? 
donald trump aide : never known him to say something inaccurate 
donald trump aide : wow ! never known him to say something inaccurate - 
interesting portion of the interview 
. had a perplexing interview with on today's episode of the lead 

wall street cuts lending to via 
wall street cuts lending to coal # 
1/2 cuts lending to via 
this industry is getting too dirty for wall street - cnnmoney 
this industry is getting too dirty for wall street : via 
big banks will stop lending to the coal industry . 
this industry is getting too dirty for wall street : via mattmegan5 
the crumbling industry is getting too dirty for wall street to touch : 

christie on trump's 9/11 claims : ' it's just wrong ' . 
omg christie ! something did happen in jersey ! " 5 dancing israelis " ! google that ... trump is human . 
. on 9/11 claims : " it's just wrong " via 
. hits on 9/11 , mocking reporter but still supports him over 
-who thinks is " addictive gateway drug " - on trump's 9/11 claims : ' it's just wrong ' 
. " laughable " for to lecture on national security 
christie gets kudos for standing up to the orchestrated mal-factual trump . 4 a smart 
1st hand experience w/ christie - poor job in new jersey - never here & more interested in himself than nj ... 
. on mocking of disabled reporter : " it's just not worthy of someone running for president " 

" never have the stakes been so high " 
thank you mark/fb for our security on your site . i was asked 4 questions before fb allowed this post . yes , it's ... 
cop21 : ' never have the stakes been so high ' | | 
cnn reports about climate change " never had the stakes been so high " let's see what will help change the earth ! 
world leaders opened pivotal climate talks monday in paris , saying the stakes are too high to end the conference ... 
despicable : members of are working to end protections against species . 
what does really mean ? is an annual forum ( conference of parties ) to address the issue of climate ... 
stakes never been so high up for the challenge ? support solutions 
" never have the stakes been so high , " french president francois hollande says at paris conference on 
french president francois hollande : " never have the stakes been so high " 
russian president vladimir putin promised a 70% reduction in emissions from 1990 levels by 2030 . 
cop 21 is underway ! and " never have the stakes been so high " 
paris climate change conference kicks off 
once again , so very proud of obama joining world leaders facing real climate issues over the cowardly deniers 
today i " m grateful to all of you who choose local and organic food because i know together we are part of the ... 
cop21 climate change summit : ' never have the stakes been so high ' - 
' never have the stakes been so high ' via - it's time everyone pays attention , not just leaders ! 
rt summit : ' never have the stakes been so high ' 
" the future of the planet , the future of life " : important time in discussions about climate change 
cop 21 climate change summit : ' never have the stakes been so high ' - cnn 
rt cop21 has begun ! never have the stakes been so high via 
climate change is killing our sex drive too .. well that explains everything ! 
" a political moment like this may not come again , " u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon told leaders gathered for ... 
big conference on climate change , taking place in paris . french president francois hollande noted that " never ... 
another climate summit , another session of inflated rhetoric . * yawn * 
" peaceful protesters had placed rows of shoes and name tags to represent the crowds not allowed to show up " : 
has started with hopes that the world will restore " balance between humanity and nature . " 
rt ya think ? : protesters throwing memorial candles at police showed " an extreme lack of respect " 
clashes in paris a day before us-china climate change sit-down - 
what's going on at the climate change summit in paris today ? 
150 nations reps attend cop21 ; tackle climate change global political level 
an update from the first day of the conference in paris 
" a political moment like this may not come again . " climate change conference in paris begins today . 

hey stop by cnn & facebook's today and film a question for 
hey stop by cnn & facebook's today & film a question for 
hey college of charleston ! cnn and facebook are by 71 george street today to hear from you ! come by the ... 
cnn : rt cnnpolitics : hey cofc ! stop by cnn & facebook's today & film a question for … 

q-carbon is harder , brighter than diamonds 
diamonds , move over : scientists make harder , brighter q-carbon 
new material harder , brighter than diamond 
material is brighter than diamond 
new material is brighter a diamond 
q-carbon harder , brighter than diamonds 
move over , diamonds : scientists make a harder , brighter solid carbon form . the clincher ? it's ferromagnetic . 
too freaking cool : new substance is harder than diamond , glows and is magnetic ! yes please . 

holiday lights and gadgets are killing your 
what may be killing your home wi-fi 
holiday lights and gadgets are killing your wi-fi ! read more here : 
holiday lights and gadgets are killing your wi-fi via 
complete nonsense article on wi-fi is pretty hilarious : watch out for those wi-fi killing christmas lights haha . 
before putting up for christmas lights , listen to this ! your lights may be slowing down your wi-fi at home ! 
the surprising things that are killing your explains . 
who would have thought ? " holiday lights and are slowing your 
holiday lights and gadgets are killing your home wi-fi - via 
i see a lot of brown people doing all the work and this woman talking about how much work the trees are , holy shit . 
holiday lights and gadgets are slowing 
mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan welcome daughter max via 
having trouble with your wifi over the holiday season ? read why ... 
what's killing your home wi-fi ? : 
rt holiday lights are killing your wi-fi 

express scripts partners with maker of $1 turing alternative 
express scripts partners with maker of $1 turing alternative via 
express scripts partners with maker of $1 turing alternative december 01 - cnnmoney 
something sensible ... 
cheaper alternative to the well-known turing pharmaceutical product 
express scripts partners with the maker of $1 turing alternative : $immy 
new $1 alternative for infection-fighting drug whose prices increased by 5000% 
rt express scripts partners with maker of $1 turing alternative 

u.n. climate chief countries acting for economy , not planet 
rt u.n. climate chief countries acting for economy , not planet … 
simply put : greed of few will kill us all : 
countries acting for not planet - chief : 
ocean sciences article of the day - u.n. climate chief : countries act for economy , not planet ( cnn ) 
un climate chief : countries acting for economic self-interest , not planet bingo . see : 
u.n. : nations acting for economy , not planet 
economy or the planet ? what's the driver ? 

some of clinton's benghazi-related emails released 
some of hillary clinton's benghazi-related emails released 
more clinton emails released ... 
more emails released : 
god only knows what else she is lying about . 
more of hillary clinton's benghazi-related emails release . tells chelsea one thing ; americans another . 
hillary emailed chelsea the truth , the night of the arrack , and then told the country a political fabrication ... 
. releases some of related emails 
released clinton emails : " you tell your family it's a terrorist attack , but not the american people . " 
some of clinton’s benghazi-related emails released 
she is a and should not be allowed to run for president . oh yeh you dems dont care . 
lies and more lies 
some of clinton's emails released 
state department releases additional clinton emails 
more of released 
clinton emails that had classified info nears 1,000 . told family benghazi was terror attack , then lied to public 
. released some of related emails 

authorities seek public's help in finding mother of baby buried under asphalt 
newborn found buried alive along la-area walking path 
baby girl 4-5 days old found buried alive in police ask public to help find mother ... 
lucky kid 
what . too many emotions with this one . 
this baby is just 4.3 pounds but a fighter . any idea why mom would bury the infant and not take advantage of ... 

al qaeda seizes key towns 
hundreds of al qaeda fighters seized 2 major cities in yemen after hours of clashes . 

this endorsement used to be significant . now it's like all other newspaper endorsements . 
new hampshire union leader endorses ... | 
union leader in n.h. endorses chris christie as " right for these dangerous times . " 
union leader no longer good picking gop nominees endorses christie . about worst on for . pol . 
why would a nh newspaper endorse someone who is so far behind and unlikely to get the nomination ? 
the biggest paper in nh just endorsed christie ! re-upping my piece on christie-mentum 

donald trump , for good of u.s. , get out of race ( opinion ) - - 
for good of america , get out of race 
trump learned from 1930s fascists that the big lie works . 
humility is a key factor in leadership , and trump lacks this , not to mention honesty and viable plans 
rt the best way to " make america great again " is for to drop out of the race , writes … 
i see where former michigan governor jennifer granholm is calling on trump to drop out of the gop race for ... 
opinion : trump , get out of the race 
rt the best way for to is for him to drop out of the race . time to https : … 
please report immediately to celebrity apprentice or any trump tower . your political carnival is done . 
rt . wrote an open letter to telling him to drop out of the race . read it here : … 
rt although cw says it's better for dems to run against calls on him to drop out . … 
rt 89% of people say honesty is the most important quality in a leader . so should drop out . … 
is sick 
cares about only one thing : himself . he does not love the usa . 
rt wishful thinking : calls on donald trump to drop out of the presidential race 
opinion : for good of u.s. , get out of race . he never talks abt the issues , just talking smack 
jennifer granholm is absolutely right about the danger of trump's cognitive dissonance that would cause ... 
donald trump , please step down . article on how donald trump's lies gets voters and splits america up : 
can we even call news anymore ? i think is a better name .. once again cnn telling you ,... 
opinion : trump , for good of u.s. , get out of race 
rt read my open letter to urging him to drop out of the race . 
for good of country obama needs to exit wh ! 
donald trump , for good of u.s. , get out of race . -- i agree totally ! 

why do politicians get away with lying ? 
is truth obsolete in the trump era ? 
i've got another little piece up today on truth/lies in a digital media environment 
is it about ur lies or when do u attack her ? 
“ social media platforms care only about views , clicks , favorites and retweets . ” 
" modern " truth in cnn article headlines 
trump = - malicious use of false truths to benefit ones desired outcome . 
" trump and carson , especially , are not serious candidates — that is , they don't take the business of politics and ... 
really like what says here . our behavioral norms and social literacy need to adapt quickly . 
a great roundup of ideas regarding human perception , social media , and truth . 
why support trump despite his lies ? 

history of violence against proves attacks don't stop abortion 
murder , bombings , arson , acid attacks : a brief history of " christian " anti-abortion violence 
a brief history of anti-abortion violence . 
murder , arson , acid attacks : planned parenthood long a target bet all the attackers were church going republicans 
a brief history of violence 

brothers rescue bald eagle , win the internet 
awesome job guys ! -chris- 
rt canadian brothers rescue bald eagle , win the internet 
thought this was pretty dope 
the eagle certainly looks happy to have met these two men . 
canadian brothers rescue bald win the internet 
canadian brothers rescue win the internet 
pretty freakin ' cool . that is one huge , and happy , bird ! 
good to see people helping eagles , like this pair who saved a bald eagle : 
rescuing an eagle 
men rescue eagle , win internet 

video ... psy - daddy ... 
omg , is baaaack in a new video ! and his crazy new video " daddy " is racking up millions of views ... 
psy strikes back with ' daddy ' 

wall street routine of rushing back to work days after having a baby may be over soon : 
credit suisse gives new parents in u.s. 20 weeks paid leave 
love yr banking career and want children ? credit suisse just upped paid parental leave to 20 wks . 
new parents in u.s. get 20 weeks paid leave here 
20 weeks paid maternity leave and free nannies when you travel . 

not sure what is ? here are the top 5 things you need to know 
starts today in paris until dec 11 . 150 leaders will speak about 
5 things you need to know about cop21 

at&t raises price for grandfathered unlimited data plans - 
also known as a dick move ... 
raises price for grandfathered unlimited plans 
been tempted by the international offerings by and this move by makes it more tempting 
what do you think of move to increase grandfathered unlimited data plans ? at 
yeah , this price increase affects my unlimited at&t data plan for my ipad ( a plan i've held onto ever since my ... 
at&t is raising the price of its unlimited data plans 
it's the end of the world as we know it ... for at&t 
y'all ain't shit at 
at&t raises price for unlimited data plans : time to ditch " think metro , think elite " 
raises price for grandfathered plans 
you'll have to pry my unlimited data from my cold , dead hands ! at&t raises price for grandfathered unlimited data : 
at&t raises price for gradfathered unlimited data plans : 
at&t is raising the price of unlimited data plans 

ted cruz , the ' condom police ' and 7 more colorful quips 
. the " condom police " and 7 more colorful quips via 
ted cruz , the ' condom police ' and more colorful quips 
ted cruz : ' we don't have a rubber shortage in america . ' 
rt ted cruz , the ' condom police ' and 7 more colorful quips 

jonathan and jordan might like to know about this contest/sweepstakes . 
aids charity offers chance to bike with bono - 
aids charity offers chance to bike with smoke with 
help fight aids and win a chance to ride bicycles in central park with u2's bono : 
let us know what you guys think ! would you bike or smoke for a great cause ? aids bike with bono , smoke with snoop 
charity offers chance to bike with or smoke with snoop dogg show us some love 

every day stays in the race he mocks his own fans by acting more & more obscene 
fans like that he " tells it like it is " ? r his constant moronic & petty insults doing that ? 
is obviously trying to get kicked out of the race . he's testing the stupidity of his fans 
makes jokes while the burns . what a 
. jokes taxes gave a hernia 
. jokes that taxes gave a hernia via 
" you want to go a step further than waterboarding ? cause i'm ok with that , too . " is exactly the kind of freedom ... 
trump jokes taxes gave sanders a hernia 
so presidential . 🙈 
donald trump jokes taxes gave bernie sanders a hernia 
. , spits facts at liberal media on lies/spin spread about the don making fun of reporter andradicals 
another day , another opportunity for trump to embarrass himself 

robert durst sued for $100 million by family of his first wife - cnn 
robert durst sued for $100m by family of his first wife 

poor have huge debt levels , while wealthy are cutting - cnnmoney 
america's poor are still heavily in debt ... 
america's poor are still heavily in debt - cnnmoney 
america's poor and middle class are still heavily in debt 
are still in 
too many people with too much explains why the middle class may be " eroding " 
morgan stanley says the middle class is " eroding . " 
america's poor are still drowning in via 
debt can be a dark over your head that never seems to leave . call debt relief law today and the bright ... 
making ends meet can be a challenge , especially during the if mounting has you worried , then ... 
are in via 
doesn't have to consume your life any longer . stop the collection calls by speaking with our 
poor have big debt levels , while wealthy are cutting 
american poor more debt strapped than ever when compared to their more affluent brethren . 
it's that time of year when are encouraged to spend big on others and on themselves . wealthy ... 

unprecedented support for isis in the u.s. 
study : rise in u.s. support for isis 
rt study : unprecedented support for in the u.s. via 
report : support for isis in the u.s. reaches unprecedented level . 
the enemy is among us . all sane , patriotic , americans should see this video . 
funny that this should come out on cnn now : not about 9/11 , but a related topic/problem overall . 
rt isis related arrests in united states 2014 : 15 2015 : 56 
rt breaking : report : support for isis in the u.s. reaches unprecedented level . 
expel . all . muslims . 

" we're not putting american combat troops back into syria or iraq , " yes ! 
. " i want russia ' at the table ' on syria " 
rt . " i want russia ' at the table ' on syria " 
clinton says she wants russia " at the table " on syria & would " welcome " them getting into the fight . via 
. says she wants russia “ at the table ” in syria : 
hillary clinton wants russia ' at the table ' on syria . 

u.s. sending " specialized expeditionary targeting force " to iraq , defense secretary says . 
carter sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq - 
" specialized expeditionary targeting force " is code for " we don't know wtf we are doing anymore " 
us troops to iraq 
u.s. ' targeting ' force going to iraq 
" a u.s. official tells cnn that decision means that there will be additional u.s. special operation forces on the ... 
steps up on 
us putting more troops on the ground in iraq 
obama sending more troops to iraq , " a specialized expeditionary targeting force . " 
hiding in plain sight of the english language dod sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq 
more us boots on the ground in iraq , ready to conduct war in syria . - def secretary ash carter . 
ash carter sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' 2 iraq call it what it is- boots on ground . hypocrisy 
secretary of defense , ash carter , officially sends troops to iraq to fight isis , 
looks like is trying to play goldilocks with how many ground troops are just right in 
president obama sending troops to iraq . i hope he's got a viable plan to actually , you know , defeat them ... 
u.s. military sending " a specialized expeditionary targeting force " to iraq 
helping in the fight the u.s. will send " specialized targeting force " to iraq 
' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq go get them boys ... god bless america 
" it puts everyone on notice . you don't know at night who is going to be coming into the window . " ash carter 
more u.s. going to to fight 
defense secty carter announces new " specialized expeditionary targeting force " in iraq to battle isis - 
carter sending ' specialized ' force to iraq ???? 
defense secretary says u.s. military sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq ( via 
sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq " to assist iraqi/kurdish permerga soldiers " 

how dogs are helping to clear sudan's landmines 
how dogs are helping to clear sudan's land mines 

' ghost ships ' found in japan : what we know 
korean ' ghost ships ' spook japan 
do hold bodies of passengers of 


defies world as ' research ' ship embarks on minke whale kill !!! 
japan defies world on whales with new research program - 
defiant japan defies to kill 300 whales 
research you say ? we have to call bull s ..... t on that japan . 
japan defies world as ' research ' ship embarks on whale kill world public opinion is outraged over this . 
defiant japan to kill 300 whales 
not acceptable . not a happy post but important information for anyone who doesn't know . japan consistently ... 
to kill over 300 for " research " despite international court of justice ruling 
in other news today , sources confirm the japanese still hate whales 
wtf killing 333 whales for " research " . fuck you . 
300 whales killed : japan defies world this wanton decimation of whales must stop . pls find other protein source 
unreal . i truly thought that the japanese government would be more understanding and environmental about this .... 
japan ship embarks on whale kill 
japan defiant ; ' research ' ship embarks on whale kill research or poachers ? don't whales have right 2 live ? 
" poachers who are breaking international law " defies world as ' research ' ship embarks on kill 
japan defies international court of justice - sends ‘ research ’ ship to kill 300 minke whales . 
japan defies world and sends out new " research " vessel to kill whales 
will start with over 300 japan defies world as ' research ' ship embarks on 
help fight this menace ! 
& defies world as " research " ship embarks to kill 333 minke whales ! 
incredibly disheartening . japan defies world , ' research ' ship embarks on whale hunt 
this is wrong . having spent time with family close to whales and other marine mammals i can only say that these ... 
rt the japanese whaling fleet has left for antarctica to kill whales in defiance of the international court of ... https://… 
rt this is what does ? right when the world kicks off mission to kill 333 minke whales ? … 
murdering whales is never tell to stop the senseless or 
rt hey to all my friends in japan !! tell your government to stop this !! please !! 
this is so fucked 
it's criminal and deceitful that japan gets around the ruling to protect whales by poaching the whales for ... 

remember this holiday season ! picks in her do-gooder gift guide 
honored to be featured in cnn's annual " do gooder holiday gift guide " this year ! check it out ! 

ryan : ' clearly we can do more ' to address mental health issues 
paul ryan : ' clearly we can do more ' to address mental health issues via cnn 
start with rinos please ... paul ryan : ' clearly we can do more ' to address mental health issues 
ryan wants congress to address mental health 
we can do more 4 mental health , i hate callin they always say , " we can't help you unless your a threat to others . " 
paul ryan calls on congress to address mental health 
ryan : ' do more ' on mental health 
republicans spin every mad gunman/terrorist as " mentally ill . " never mind gop anti-abortion propaganda . 
yes paul , you have to admit that there are a lot of crazy republicans out there that do need help !! 
it's half past " about damn time " for some credible reform around firearms and mental illness : 
paul ryan : ' do more ' to address mental health issues need to prosecute makers of fraudulent pp films 
newly of the house the and issue of ... 
attempts by to link terrorism to mental illness are baseless & stigmatizing 
. : " clearly we can do more " to address mental health issues after co shooting -- 

president names new isis adviser , counter-terror measures 
good thing ? we can hope he will be effective . i'm thinking , why only one ? how about a building full of experts ? 
obama names new isis adviser 
white house names a new adviser and counter-terror measures 
obama names rob malley as new isis adviser ( h/t 
anyone else think this sounds similar to bush's war on terrorism ? isis needs to be addressed , but this way ? 
dw_bengali : rt cnnpolitics : white house names a new adviser and counter-terror measures via kristenhcnn … 
white house names a new adviser and counter- terror measures 
names new adviser , measures 
close enough usa 🇺🇸🍰 
i hope this person is not a jv amateur in practice 
not yet mr. obama . get used to the idea of your terror-semantics-inaction being memorable parts of your legacy . 
i trust this one has heard of isis ? 
white house announces new counter-terror measures , isis adviser 
announces new counter terror campaign . 

what does the world's most expensive meat taste like ? 
what's your fav cut of steak ? 

most violent felons are 
rt most violent felons are 
i would love to see ted and run on the same ticket . ted speaks of the shooting . 
not hard to find it ; cnn says cruz used a upenn and stanford study to support claim . 
amazing could say that with a straight face ; lookin increasingly as lifeless as 
go ahead tell me again how the gop isn't spreading lies , misinformation and hate . you fucking idiots . 
cruz campaign : ex-felons vote d , so therefore violent criminals are ds 
ted cruz says overwhelming crimes are from democrats he should join in 
this quote is a hoax from a parody site . but many of cruz's real quotes are just as loathsome . 
but most public corruption felons are republicans ... and that's true ! 
" every time you have some sort of violent crime or mass killing , you could almost see the media salivating ,... 
ted cruz is an asshole . 

mystery of china's levitating cars solved - 
mystery of china's levitating cars solved - via 
turns out this video of cars lifting off the ground in china was real . 
in strange news ... " thousands shared the video of the seemingly gravity-defying accident . " 

chicago threat suspect allegedly sought to avenge laquan mcdonald's death . 
rt gun violence threat closes university of chicago 
rt student suspected of threatening to kill people at university of chicago is identified as 21-year-old jabari dean . … 
a 21-year-old man was arrested ... 
arrest in threat at university of chicago - 
arrest in gun violence threat that closed university of chicago campus 
there you go . 
jabari dean accused of threatening to kill 16 white students/staff at u for revenge laquan mcdonald's death 
so question , where are the protesters now ? oh , that's right , we would be racist to protest this . 
student threatened ' white devils ' 
man threatens to kill many white students , teachers and cops over social media to avenge friend's death 
empty threat is amuse . i doubt kid has/had $15-20k in guns . bigger q is how did make bail at $1.5 m ? 
this guy is a terrorist too . he might have ruined his own life with this , but at least he didn't ruin anyone else's . 
this guy was going to kill as many white devils and police as he could himself . 
suspect allegedly threatened to murder " white devils " at university of chicago . 
chicago threat suspect sought to avenge laquan mcdonald's death did political rhetoric lead to this ? 
hey media , how come this monster gets away without the label of being a terrorist ? 
now we have to suffer racist terrorists ? 
the right-wing sewer is going to overflow because a black person threatened to avenge the murder of laquan mcdonald 
in that closed 
chicago thug apprehended ; threatened to kill u of chicago " white devils " : 
jabari dean of chicago arrested for threatening to die killing as many " white devils " and policemen as possible : 

talks 
obama ends paris climate visit with spotlight on legacy . 
obama ends climate talks with spotlight on legacy 
. " i'm not sure i would have gone to the climate summit if i was president today " 
. ends with a spotlight on his legacy via & 
bho climate legacy strikes me funny - mr. redline uses " your credibility and america's ability to influence events " 
egomaniac will be forgotten in dust bin of history ( under carter ) obama ends paris visit with spotlight on legacy 
rt talks 
how important is climate change ? majority of republican leaders insist -- " no problem ; be happy ! " 
let's add no more drones/airstrikes to the list while we're at it 
obama wants to make sure that every capitalist country is legally forced into socialist wealth distribution ! 
breaking : if potus , jeb bush " uncertain whether i'd attend " paris would ignore all of our allies ? 
obama ends climate visits with spotlight on legacy 
" legally binding ? " he signed a treaty ? i must have missed that ... . 
obama optimistic about and progress on climate , but gop congress is reminder u.s. committment may not last 
obama : a success at paris talks would be a " legally binding " rule that countries adhere to curbing 
climate talks should include ' legally binding ' mechanism . you're right . it's the right to do . 
any " legally-binding " climate pact needs senate approval . right , 
obama warns putin on intervening in syria's civil war - - 
agree 
instead of coercion may i respectfully suggest better choice ? 
yes they should !! they must - for the sake our earth , and ourselves ! 
this is extremely dangerous talk . no country must allow itself to bound this communist agenda . this is the great ... 
says talks should include " legally binding " mechanism but excluded that from nuclear 
' legally binding ' mechanism on carbon reduction required , obama says 
obama says france's commitment to carbon reduction will be " legally binding " 
obama says initiatives should have ' legally binding ' aspect for countries -- 

zuckeberg , wife pledge to donate 99% of their facebook shares , about $45 billion , to charity . 
facebook ceo mark zuckerberg and wife priscilla chan welcome baby daughter . 
rt not because he is a billionaire . happiness results from we can give🙏 donating for welcoming new daughter . cnnmoney htt … 
zuck knows what's up . 
retweeted siwonism407taiwan ( not because he is a billionaire . happiness results from we can ... 
mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan welcome new daughter 
good morning ! live . local . loud ! on the air now ! listen on 105.1 , 103.7 in alpena , or stream the show !... 
zuckerberg , wife pledge to donate 99% of their facebook shares , about $45 billion , to charity | 
source for the donation pledge of 99% : 
mark and priscilla chan welcome new daughter via 
rt wife pledge to donate 99% of their shares , about $45 billion , to charity . 

chicago mayor emanuel says he's asked for resignation of police superintendent mccarthy . 
chicago mayor asks for police superintendent's resignation . 
rt chicago mayor will announce tuesday the creation of a task force on police accountability , his office says . … 
rt i would expect nothing else from a crony of obama's . throwing someone under the bus to save his … 
chicago police chief fired 
chicago mayor asks police superintendent to resign - 
chicago mayor fires police chief 
chicago mayor rahm emanuel outs garry mccarthy as police commissioner of the windy city . 
chicago mayor asks police superintendent to resign - finally … so what took so long ? 
who will fire the mayor ? | mayor asks for police superintendent's resignation 
you fire someone else . 
chicago mayor to announce police accountability task force - 
mayor asks police superintendent's resignation after seeing footage of laquan mcdonald's killing . 
rt chicago mayor emmanuel asks for police superintendent's resignation don't forget to submi … 

e . coli recall expands to more states and stores 
e . coli recall expands to walmart , safeway 
another recall due to e . coli , pay attention to what's in your salad ! 
chinese buy into global soccer empire via 
not good ... 
a recall stemming from an e . coli scare now spans more than a dozen states , at least 155,000 items and includes ... 
so it was ... celery ? psa . 
food contamination with bacteria is more common than we think 
⚠️️e . coli⚠️🚫7-11 celery too🚫ar , ca , co , ga , hi , mo , mt , ne , nv , or , ut , va+wa‼️be safe‼️read last tweet more info 
this is why i don't like celery . 
brazil's toxic economy via 
e . coli recall expands to 19 states , major chains walmart , safeway , target , starbucks , costco 
after costco's chicken salad made 19 people sick with e . coli , the outbreak was traced to contaminated celery that may be in more than 155,000 other products . 

14 out of stocks for every 100 product views 
cyber monday's most out-of-stock items 
the most out-of-stock items on 

this is just maddening . 
house votes to reject obama climate change regulations - 
house votes to reject obama climate change regulations this hoax must be stopped and obama censured ! 
house votes to reject obama change regulations - 
sad by expected vote from on continued denial harms future generations 
more importantly . what will the white house gain if tis legislation were to pass . 
this is irresponsible on the part of republicans . who wii gain by not passing this . 
house rejects climate change rules 
house rejects climate change rules - gop are idiots . 
house rejects obama climate change rules 
house votes to reject climate change regulations via 
the president has the right to make treaties . and the house has no say so in the matter . only the senate . so , the ... 
mark zuckerberg just pledged 45 billion to ensure a better future for children . congress just voted to block ... 
mark zuckerberg just pledged to use 45 billion dollars to ensure a better future for our children today . congress ... 
rt house republicans vote to block obama's epa climate rules - clear message to other countries at 
all that obama promised amounts to nothing 
sigh ... 
house rejects climate change rules ... of course they did . 
house rejects climate change rules i won't be able to sleep tonight ... 
bary's climateregulations obama still stains his underwear with farts and thinks its global warming . 
< smh > so republicans deliberately wait until obama speaks in paris to vote in legislation that will kill obama's ... 
votes like this and it reminds me the are imbeciles . 

. went to florida looking for casinos . instead , this gator got his name : 
here's how this alligator came to be named after 
a tale of two donald trumps , man and alligator 
please enjoy this fantastic / yarn on an alligator in florida named after 
" those people better look out because he might chew em and spit em out " " killer " story from 
i went to florida w/ to meet donald trump . no , not this one : 
is ... an alligator ?! -- - 
there are two donald trumps in this world . meet the second : 
tale of 2 trumps , man and alligator 
. met an alligator named donald trump . peak florida . 
" trump -- deemed too dangerous to live alongside other gators -- now lives in isolation ... " via 
sometimes you call a man about donald trump & he thinks you're talking about a gator . so ... you go to florida : 
" standing just outside the pen where trump — deemed too dangerous to live alongside other gators ... " 

see how anchor tries to get rudy to say mr. trump is a liar isn't that shameful ? 
mr trump is not a liar 
. ' exaggerating ' 9/11 claims&is judged by a different standard ... 
rudy giuliani : donald trump ' exaggerating ' 9/11 claims - 
giuliani : " if 1000s were demonstrating & saw it on tv " where's the tape ? 
america will defeat to be safe & great giuliani : some ny muslims celebrated 9/11 , but exaggerating 
rt rudy giuliani : donald trump ' exaggerating ' 9/11 claims - 
rudy giuliani : some new york muslims celebrated 9/11 , but donald trump ' exaggerating ' 
you know it's getting bad for when even who was mayor on 9/11 is saying he's lying 
giuliani : donald trump ' exaggerating ' on 9/11 
trump = exaggeration 
in fascist fact-checking news , rudolph guiliani corrects donald trump on muslim pro-9/11 supporters . 
when says you're exaggerating something about 9/11 , you're reallyyyyy exaggerating . 
why is not getn called for what he his , a liar giuliani embarrasses himself defending 
donald trump gives americans a bad name 
rudy giuliani : some new york muslims did celebrate 9/11 , but donald trump is ' exaggerating ' 
giuliani says some new york muslims celebrated 9/11 , but trump claim of thousands " exaggerating " ( via 
rudy giuliani tells some new york muslims celebrated 9/11 , but donald trump ‘ exaggerating ' 

a us marine is found guilty of killing a transgender woman . 
marine guilty of killing transgender - 
u.s. marine found guilty of killing transgender woman in philippines 
why do news reorts mention the killer's occupation when it doesn't really matter ? u.s. marine found guilty 

17 ' star wars ' locations that actually exist | 
for jonathan and jordan . 
places worth visiting - some near , some far . get outside ! 
17 locations that actually exist 

. last state of the union will be on january 12 , 2016 
paul ryan : state of the union address january 12 
ryan announces obama's last state of the union 
cnn : rt cnnpolitics : . speakerryan : potus ' last state of the union will be on january 12 , 2016 … 

disability advocates rip kylie jenner wheelchair photo shoot . 
rt disability advocates rip wheelchair photo shoot 
what on earth was thinking ? my wheelchair is my reality , not your fashion statement . 
what an absolute joke this " woman " is . it just screams " attention seeker " . typical entitled " celebrity " 
kylie jenner wheelchair photo shoot provokes anger 
kylie brings heat to 
advocates rip kylie jenner for distasteful , offensive photo shoot ( and rightfully so ! ) 
rt the fashion industry treats people with disabilities terribly , but a wheelchair photoshoot is cool ? 
disability advocates rip kylie jenner wheelchair shoot 
disgusting !!! the kardashian clan is nothing but garbage !!! 
i know everyone's thinking it but ... kylie jenner in a wheelchair > amy schumer . .... 🐸☕️ 
but seriously must you use “ tone deaf ” as metaphor for ignorance about disabilities ? deaf ≠ insensitive . 
is not doing people with any favors . 
just in time famous model from overexposed family ( mis)appropriates wheelchair iconography . 
wheelchairs aren't accessories , nor are disabilities fashion statements . 
the fashion industry treats people with disabilities terribly , but a wheelchair photoshoot is cool ? double standard . 
. associate director emily beitiks rips wheelchair photo shoot via 
this bs does not a good role model make . 
just sexual objects jeopardizing real 
our associate director on quoted about kylie jenner's wheelchair photo shoot : 

cast records birthday wishes for dying fan 
best show , best cast 
' seinfeld ' cast records birthday wishes for dying fan 
nice to know cool people are still out there .... 
this is amazing : cast records birthday wishes for dying fan || he got about 15 different actors ! 😁 
" in a world where my father's own oncologist could use a lesson in human kindness and compassion , we found a ... 
continues to be the best tv show ever : 
some people keep on giving even after the lights go off kudos seinfeld cast records birthday wishes 4 dying fan 
seinfeld cast records birthday wishes for a dying fan 
the trends on facebook are usually worthless , except for today . saw this story and loved it . 
these seinfeld actors have huge hearts , esp . who intuited exactly what a parent wants to hear 
seinfeld cast makes birthday videos for 67 year old dying fan . 
very nice 
that's gold ! : cast did this for dad : 

republicans not ready to shutdown planned parenthood - will there be light at the end of this tunnel ? 
republicans get wise regarding planned parenthood . 
a little common sense for a change .. 
" i do not see a shutdown happening " over planned parenthood , mccarthy says 
. mccarthy : there won't be a shutdown over planned parenthood 
republicans not ready to force shutdown over planned parenthood 
. kevin mccarthy : there won't be a shutdown over planned parenthood 
not ready to force shutdown over planned parenthood , suck it freedom caucus ! 
republicans are not ready to force a shutdown over planned parenthood 
gop not ready to force shutdown over planned parenthood 
gop not ready for shutdown over planned parenthood 
house gop leader : no shutdown over planned parenthood 
' there won't be any government shutdown over taxpayer funding for planned parenthood , ' 
hey ! thanks for representtin ' gop ! mccarthy : no shutdown over planned parenthood funding . 
gop leader says no shutdown over planned parenthood , but hints budget deal could take until dec 18 

the mayor of alaska's capital was found dead just weeks after he took office . 
mayor of juneau , alaska , found dead - - 
alaska , found dead ; police address rumors 
rt mayor of juneau , alaska , found dead 
mysterious death of newly elected juneau mayor greg fisk , was heavily involved in fisheries and fishing . 
mayor of juno found dead . if you look as his positions you may figure out why ! alaska is the last america ! 
mayor found dead .. mayor of alaska's capital has been found dead , rumors that he was assaulted ... 
mayor of , found dead ; police address rumors 
mayor of alaska's capital found dead just weeks after taking office 
mayor dies weeks after taking office 
rumors of assault linked to death of mayor of juneau , alaska . 

did francis tackle all the right issues ? - cnn 

the burned van of two australian surfers has been found in sinaloa , mexico . 
grave fears for missing australian surfers 
their bodies have been found burned beyond recognition inside their van in sinaloa , mexico . 
missing surfers : remains found 
grave fears for australian surfers missing in mexico - 
completely heartbreaking . they were hitting mine (& hubby's ) missing ; van found burned 
surfers missing ; van found burned 
surfers missing ; van found burned why in the fuck do white peoples go to mexico , never fails . 
time , & again foreigners go missing in & turned up dead . why would i ever want to visit there ! 
surfers ' families fear worst after burned van found in by 
if there were 2 bodies in the van , the surfer-dudes r dead . gf , don't spend yrs thinking a surfer was gonna propose . 

obama warns putin on intervening in syria 
bo wearing his short pants & spiffy saddle shoes , when meeting vlad ?! obama warns putin on civil war 
warns on in 
obama warns putin on syria 
obama warns russia could be mired in syria's civil war - 
obama warns putinintervening in syria'swar obama and michael should stick to playing with dolls ! 
obeywarnsputin the fucking mouse telling the cat not to eat him ! what a fucking joke our prez truly is ! 
russia shouldn't intervene in syrian civil war , obama says 
facebook won't allow this to be posted with any negative comments 
obama warns putin/intervening in syria's civil war putin like britney spears : ooops , did it again ! 
obama warns putin over syria war 
rt . warns vladimir putin against intervening in syria's civil war via https://… 
hey if needs your advice on syria , he'll break his foot off in your ass . 
obama protecting the us&british isis clones . 
warns on intervening in civil war if only he could take his own advice !? 
rt as putin takes lead in syria , obama warns him not to get involved in an " inconclusive and paralyzing civil " conflict https :/ … 
obama tells putin he will give him such a slap if putin intervenes in syria's civil war 
obama gives orders to putin | warns putin on intervening in syria's civil war 
" the beauty , the joy , the life , the culture , the people , the diversity . that's going to win out every time . " 
obama warns putin on interfering in syria's civil war . 
hey barry , draw da line in the sand man . scare the snot out of em ! 
president obama warns putin on intervening in civil war , saying forces to be targeted . 
obama warns putin of intervening in syrian civil war 
the beauty , joy , life , culture , people , and the diversity . that's going to win out every time . " -obama 
rt warns russian president vladimir putin against intervening in syria's civil war 
president barack obama warned his russian counterpart tuesday against intervening in syria's civil war ,... 
obama warned putin against intervening in syria's civil war . yeah , stay our , syria is our foreign state to ... 

