issues 
state department issues worldwide travel alert - 
shared a link 
rt worldwide travel warning ! to all my friends traveling ... report any suspicious activity . be safe everyone ! … 
u.s. issues over 
u.s. issues worldwide travel alert due to terror concerns 
issued by the during one of the busiest weeks of the year . everyone ! 
u.s. issues alert due to terror ? how does one ' exercise vigilance ' on a plane ? 
rt us state dept issues worldwide travel alert … 
wait .. wait .. but i thought our inept said was contained . how does that correlate to this ? 
this should b ur pinned tweet provided u really give a damn bout american lives 
be safe . be vigilant . beware . 
pleadr be careful !! 

$21m hatton garden jewel heist biggest ' in english legal history , ' lawyer says 
$21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says 
$21m jewel heist biggest ' in legal history , ' lawyer says 
jewel heist so big it makes history 
rt $21 million hatton garden heist " the largest burglary in english legal history . " or garden varie … 
" $21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says " did you see this ? 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( $21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says ... 
rt largest jewel heist in england goes to trial . youngest member of the gang ? 42 . ( ht 
$21m hatton garden jewel heist biggest ' in english legal history .... straight out of a james bond film .. 
$21 million hatton garden heist " the largest burglary in english legal history . " or garden variety cybercrime 

hagel : focus on isis , not assad 
former defense secretary hagel : focus on not assad 
former secretary of defense hagel : insisting assad must go puts us at risk of confusing its allies and adversaries 
ex-defense secretary chuck hagel says the united states should focus on isis before syria's president assad 
hagel was always one of the better ones 
scary : ex- secdef says is part of answer to problem , not a cause of problem . 
former secdef hagel : build partnerships and focus on isis first , assad later - 
as russia mass-murders sunnis in syria , us policy begins to fragment . 
even former sec def hagel agrees its not wise to topple focus should be 100% on 
unite round the common interest & defeat these barbaric focus on not 
if we continue to fight assad we will just be fighting the russians instead !! 
chuck hagel says to focus on isis not assad 
chuck hagel tells that calling for assad to go is confusing to our allies and adversaries : 

pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests in pregnant wife's murder 
controversy ? amanda blackburn murdered . 
two arrested in death of pastor's wife amanda blackburn - 
where is the outrage , protests , and signs for ? 
when the media gonna fawn over this husbands ability to forgive ? 
rt police arrest man in connection with murder of pregnant pastor's wife . 
man arrested in pastor's wife murder case - 
- there is real evil in this world , and these soulless , disgusting monsters prove it . 
we have a sick culture in america . arrests in death of pastors wife . they were on crime spree . don't blame poverty . 
men arrested in pastor's wife killing 
pastor chooses ' love not hate ' after wife's killing 
" choosing to let my emotions drive my decisions is recipe for a hopeless and fruitless life . " 
cnn has them shown here . think obama will comment on this case ? don't hold your breath ... 
imagine if the races were reversed pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests pregnant wife's murder 
no punishment on earth will be as bad as when these two get to hell . 
white lives matter as much as any other life . killing is killing our blood flows the same . respect to this ... 
if you believe in see this 
time to take out and dispose of the trash !!!! 
" today i am deciding to love , not hate . " unbelievable story of compassion . may we all learn to love like this . 
two arrested in the death of pastors wife , amanda blackburn . hmmmmmmmmmm - 
fantastic and fast police work .... law enforcement officials have arrested two pieces of garbage for the rape and ... 
pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after teen's arrest in pregnant wife's murder 
rt police arrest teen in murder of pastor's wife 

texas seeks delay in immigration case at supreme court . 

authorities carry out raids in belgium leading to the arrests of 16 people . 

multiple people injured after shooting at new orleans park . 
says only nation where this regularly happens . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park 
and ur gonna ask for a source so here you go why no ppl talk about this shit 
ya 17 blacks shot by blacks yeaterday at bunny park yet no mention on here why please explain 
why have you not mentioned the 17 blacks shotby other blks at bunny park ? doesnt fit ur narrative . 
lol did u react like this to the 17 black ppl shot at bunny park last night by other black ppl . 
are you also gonna hunt the guys that shot 17 black ppl at bunny park last night ? 
why dont u supposed supporters mention last nights massacre of blacks by blacks ? 
more 
are the black ppl who shot 17 other black ppl yesterday also terrorists . why dont u mention that ? 
why dont u pray for the 17 blacks shot in a park by other black ppl last night in new orleans ? 
black lives matter ... 
y no outrage and protests for 17 black ppl getting shot by other blacks 
why are u not mentioned the 17 black ppl shot in a park last night by other blk ppl 
16 injured in new orleans shooting 
17 injured in new orleans shooting 
thoughts and prayers to those affected in the new orleans shooting . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured god told you everyday this week until the dismember 
rt police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped … 
rt 16 people shot by thugs in new orleans in 1 nite and we r worried about isis ? go figure ! 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped this 
seventeen people were shot in new orleans in a crowded park . 
why worry about americans shoot at themselves . hundreds of witnesses , very few speak out . 
17 injured in park shooting in new orleans . 
how horrible ! 
if blacks reported criminals , america would be a completely different place . 
police seek witnesses after shootout at crowded park - someone knows something . come on !! 
" police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout " at bunny friend park " hundreds of witnesses " 😞 
if you see nothing , explain how you are not part of the problem . 
i love my hometown . stop the violence . 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in new orleans 
breaking news that just occurred in louisiana 
what's up with 
why are mass shooting becoming so popular ? 16 dead at a music video shoot . 
shooting in new orleans leaves many injured 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in 😔 
new orleans it would be astonishing to go a day or two without killings 

rt kasich , huckabee , graham & gilmore each get 12 minutes of cumulative nbc ad time in ia , nh , sc over fri & sat nights https : … 
rt nbc to give 4 gop candidates free ad time to compensate for time given to trump on ‘ snl . ’ … 
trump's gop rivals get ' equal time ' on nbc via pataki declines ; probably seeking " polit consultant " title 

. 9/11 claim widely disputed . 

5 people shot near jamar clark protest site . 
minneapolis jamar clark police shooting 

7 dead after helicopter crashes in kashmir on way back from hindu shrine 
kashmir helicopter crash kills 7 
kashmir helicopter crash kills 7 - smh 😔 
7 dead in helicopter crash 

rt six russian nationals were killed in the radisson blu hotel attack in mali , russian foreign ministry says . … 
american who survived deadly attack in mali describes her experience . 

early election results place mauricio macri in the lead in argentina's election . 

paris attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep👉 
rt paris terror attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep 
possible suicide vest found 
possible suicide vest found in garbage can . 
from aircraft carrier , launches bid to build coalition - 
french launch attacks from carrier . possible suicide vest found 
finally a cowardly terrorist ! if only more terrorists where like salah abdeslam . 
it appears france has a new foreign policy for the muddle east that copies ours : bomb arabs . i suspect their ... 
isis hit by jets from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort 
france hits isis from aircraft carrier 
isis hit from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort france grew balls . allahu akbar ... 
france attacks isis from aircraft carrier - 
brussels : raids , heavy security in search for paris suspect - 

somali pirates seize iranian , thai ships - 
pirates seize ships 

health panel says world health organization mishandled ebola outbreak response . 
" ebola crisis : who slammed over poor response " 
ebola crisis : who slammed by harvard-convened panel over slow response 
ebola crisis : who slammed over slow response 
crisis : slammed by harvard-convened panel over slow response 
46 . public health : 2014 - 2015 ebola epidemic , harvard university : who slammed by harvard panel over slow response 
thanks sterling -- and here's the link to the coverage of our report : 
the report is in . who's greatest failure re : ebola was waiting too long to act . 
health panel says world health organization mishandled outbreak response , rpts : 
who slammed on delayed response - 

. on protester : " maybe he should have been roughed up " 
watch the footage . think for yourself . don't vote for the next hitler . 
watch the footage . think for yourself . don't vote for donald trump . 
trump on protester : ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' 
go away , trump . please . 
so , apparently trump thinks that people of color who dare to speak out against with should be " roughed up " : 
are people real going to vote for this clown ? smfh !!! 
this is what campaign represents more than anything else . he's the champion of a-holes everywhere 
trump : maybe protester deserved it 
trump supports beat up protestor in act of barbarism lynch mob 
stay classy , and by that i mean go take a long walk off a short pier . 
lynch mob of uncivilized barbarians ring leader is trump : ' maybe black man should have been roughed up ' 
i was feeling trump but he lost me with that one 
rt the of & his supporters isn't one i want to live in . disgusting behavior https : … 
donald trump on black lives matter protester : ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' - - 
rt the story behind this video , in the protester's own words --> … 
rt protester at rally says he was called " monkey " & n-word : https://… 
black lives matter protester describes violent confrontation at trump event - 
rt the fascist officially condones violence , as did hitler against the jews . … 
presidents represent all the people , not your chosen few . 
so inappropriate . poor leadership skills . excels in crudeness , ignorance . my opinion 

authorities carry out raids in belgium leading to the arrests of 16 people . " 
brussels remains under highest terror alert amid warning of ' imminent threat ' # 
multiple raids in brussels as police seek isis terrorists 
16 arrested in anti-terror raids 
belgian police arrest 16 , but isis ringleader still on the run 

mali hotel attack : president calls for unity to fight terror 
mali hotel attack : president calls for unity to fight terrorism 
rt cnnbrk : mali hotel attack : president calls for unity to fight terror 
mali hotel tack : president calls for unity to fight terror " 
gunmen shot ' anything that moved ' 
hotel attack : calls for unity to fight terror - 

