issues 
. department issues worldwide travel alert 
the issues a worldwide travel alert via 
rt us state dept issues worldwide travel alert … 
state department issues worldwide alert 
the statedept issues a worldwide travel alert via ericbradn … 
rt . issues a worldwide travel alert via 
. " ... avoid large crowds or crowded places " over the holidays . will your family be changing any plans ? 
shared a link 
rt worldwide travel warning ! to all my friends traveling ... report any suspicious activity . be safe everyone ! … 
u.s. issues over 
issued by the during one of the busiest weeks of the year . everyone ! 
u.s. issues alert due to terror ? how does one ' exercise vigilance ' on a plane ? 

truly a case that screams justice for the victim . execution is not cruel enough for this killer . 
prosecutors : photos show teen disposing of teacher's body - 
teen ' dumped body ' after rape , murder of teacher 
photos show teen allegedly disposing of body 
ok then . 

rt paris terror attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep 
no sign of paris suspect in belgium raids as brussels remains under high alert - cnn 
paris attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep👉 
possible suicide vest found 
possible suicide vest found in garbage can . 
from aircraft carrier , launches bid to build coalition - 
french launch attacks from carrier . possible suicide vest found 
finally a cowardly terrorist ! if only more terrorists where like salah abdeslam . 
it appears france has a new foreign policy for the muddle east that copies ours : bomb arabs . i suspect their ... 
isis hit by jets from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort 
france hits isis from aircraft carrier 
isis hit from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort france grew balls . allahu akbar ... 
france attacks isis from aircraft carrier - 
brussels : raids , heavy security in search for paris suspect - 

suspect arrested in new orleans shooting caught on video 
great ! congrats to new orleans p.d. for the quick arrest . 👍 
arrest in shooting caught on video 
i can't believe this poor black boy was arrested ! he dindu nuffin wrong ! 
suspect arrested in new orleans shooting on video 
the lesson in this story is that if you intervene , you must use maximum force to control the situation . 
remind me again why it's wrong to put down animals like this . suspect arrested in new orleans shooting 
dramatic video shows hero , peter gold , 25 , tulane univ . med-student being shot by thug in new orleans . gold survived 
check this out : 
this young man is a hero . he probably saved this woman's life . you rock 
video : robber's gun jams after shooting victim/good samaritan . 
there is a god . 

trump faces challenge on eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
. faces challenges on his eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
trump faces challenge on eligibility for the nh ballot 
wants this . tell him ur thoughts faces challenge on eligibility on nh ballot 
is pushing this . tell him ur thoughts trump faces challenge on eligibility for nh ballot 
wants this . tell him ur thoughts trump faces challenge on eligibility on nh ballot 
trump faces challenge on eligibility for the new hampshire ballot a shitty media story 
stop it faces challenge on eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
dumbasses just giving it to hillary . trump faces challenge on eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
trump took an oath and signed a pledge to the challenge on eligibility for the nh ballot 
donald trump faces challenges on his eligibility for the new hampshire ballot - 
may not actually make it on to the republican ballot in new hampshire 
republican candidate donald # trump faces challenge on eligibility for the new ballot 
eligibility for republican ballot to be challenged , hearing planned for tuesday - 

turkish military admits to shooting down russian plane 

' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow d # royalsleadseries 
' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow dead or alive debate 
' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow debate 
' thrones ' ad fuels jon snow debate 
jon snow .. king of the white walkers ! or .. just take your pick from all the other wishful thinkers . 
rt ' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow debate 
is jon snow dead ? 
i have no idea if jon snow will be alive , dead , or undead next season , but the book never actually says he died . 
jon snow lives !! 
" what is dead may never die , " right ? poster fuels jon snow debate . 
john snow lives ! 
he's back . ' you know nothing jon snow ' via 
is still alive ? 

somali pirates seize iranian , thai ships - 
pirates seize ships 

is family entitled to this ? 
family of ' clock boy ' seeks $15m 
sad to know this happened to this young man , but 15 million ?? this is part of the reason america is broke 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city 
" if you see something say something " can get you sued . 
texas ' clock boy ' seeks $15 million from city 
' clock boy ' it looked like a bomb , sorry . walk it off it ! it was a very understandable error 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed seeks $15 million , apologies - 
u.s. ' clock boy ' seeking $15 million 
now that the buzz ran out , time for the money ! ahmed to sue state for $15 million . 
' clock boy's ' family seeks $15 million , apology 
extortion money for radicals . 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million ridiculous . if they win money should go to muslim group 
shocker of the year . . . . never let a good money grab opportunity go to waste . 
ah , now we see what that whole " clock " thing was really about . 
sorry . you should not get $15m because your feelings were hurt 
$15 million will buy a buttload of semtex to hook up to that clock . 
i believe it was a stunt to get attention and now it's a shakedown ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 mil 
( bomb ) mohamed's family sues us $15 million , demand apologies from texas city after moving to qatar , asses 
these guys just proved that they are 100% american . 
if anyone had any doubt was a fraud : disgusting . 
muslim ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family suing city for $15 million and wants apologies from texas city : 
hoax for fame-seeking wasn’t enough , now wants money too . 
family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city nice fucking work 
ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city . i am now completely unsympathetic to this kid 
this is a bit much . the kid is getting into any school he wants ! -- family seeks $15 million , apologies 
family of boy who made the handmade clock ( not really ) seeks $15 million . this seems to have been the end game 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15m , apologies from texas city . 
" fuck . " -taxpayers 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from irving , tx 

rt warplane crashes near turkey-syria border , according to semi-official turkish news agency . 
rt turkey says it issued 10 warnings to the russian plane it claims to have shot down . … 
rt turkish military says russian warplane repeatedly violated airspace , ignored warnings . … 
rt turkish military says plane violated airspace ; they responded with f-16s . 
russian warplane downed ; turkey says aircraft violated airspace near border 
turkey jets shoot down russian warplane 
rt shot down 
oh my gods . 

i told you guys its all happening just of mistakenly 
moroccan woman mistaken for paris jihadi : i live in continuous fear 
woman mistaken for paris jihadi lives in fear 
woman mistaken for jihadi : i live in fear 

texas seeks a delay in obama administration's immigration case at via 
texas seeks delay in obama immigration case at supreme court . 
texas seeks delay in immigration case at supreme court . 
texas seeks a delay in the obama administration's immigration case at 
texas seeks in case at supreme court 
seeks delay in case at supreme court - cnn 

clinton : don't get swayed by gop ' fear tactics and scare mongering ' 
president hillary rodham clinton " i want democrats to vote for me , but i want sensible republicans to vote for ... 
. don't get swayed by the gop's " fear tactics and scare mongering " 
clinton : gop ' scare mongering ' 
as her former state department issued a world wide travel alert : rt : clinton : don't get swayed by gop care mongering ' 
clinton : don't get swayed by gop ' fe wtf hillary , no need . look at the world ? open your eyes ! 
tell the french not 2 b swayed or the belgians ! hungary is not stupid ie killary/barry ! 

. flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution via 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution 
carson flubs jefferson's role in the constitution 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution dr ben is a dangerousperson not pres material 
so , no comment from the media on obama and the 57 states . 
carson flubs thomas jefferson oh dear god this man is such an idiot ! every time he opens his mouth 
might think muslims can't be president but i don't think we should allow people who don't know history 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution - cnn 

rt multiple people injured after shooting at new orleans park . 
17 injured in new orleans shooting 
says only nation where this regularly happens . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park 
and ur gonna ask for a source so here you go why no ppl talk about this shit 
ya 17 blacks shot by blacks yeaterday at bunny park yet no mention on here why please explain 
why have you not mentioned the 17 blacks shotby other blks at bunny park ? doesnt fit ur narrative . 
lol did u react like this to the 17 black ppl shot at bunny park last night by other black ppl . 
are you also gonna hunt the guys that shot 17 black ppl at bunny park last night ? 
why dont u supposed supporters mention last nights massacre of blacks by blacks ? 
more 
are the black ppl who shot 17 other black ppl yesterday also terrorists . why dont u mention that ? 
why dont u pray for the 17 blacks shot in a park by other black ppl last night in new orleans ? 
black lives matter ... 
y no outrage and protests for 17 black ppl getting shot by other blacks 
why are u not mentioned the 17 black ppl shot in a park last night by other blk ppl 
16 injured in new orleans shooting 
thoughts and prayers to those affected in the new orleans shooting . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured god told you everyday this week until the dismember 
rt police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped … 
rt 16 people shot by thugs in new orleans in 1 nite and we r worried about isis ? go figure ! 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped this 
seventeen people were shot in new orleans in a crowded park . 
why worry about americans shoot at themselves . hundreds of witnesses , very few speak out . 
17 injured in park shooting in new orleans . 
how horrible ! 
if blacks reported criminals , america would be a completely different place . 
police seek witnesses after shootout at crowded park - someone knows something . come on !! 
" police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout " at bunny friend park " hundreds of witnesses " 😞 
if you see nothing , explain how you are not part of the problem . 
i love my hometown . stop the violence . 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in new orleans 
breaking news that just occurred in louisiana 
what's up with 
why are mass shooting becoming so popular ? 16 dead at a music video shoot . 
shooting in new orleans leaves many injured 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in 😔 

nyt’s doesn’t recall anyone saying “ thousands , or even hundreds " celebrated 9/11 : 
donald trump's 9/11 celebration claim widely disputed - - 
. walks back on his support for disputed 9/11 claim 
rt . 9/11 claim widely disputed . 
carson walks back support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
rt trumps claim about celebrations for 9/11 attacks is nonsense . election 2016 = if it sounds true , good enough . … 
literally check cnn and any other major news outlet . example : 
another example of trying 2 lose elections so he can make political deals do rem 5 dancing israelis 
first thought this story was about those shitty fox news broadcasts that were widely discredited as pakistani cric … 
carson apologizes , but trump repeats disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
nothing will change . his poll numbers will jump 30 pts & he'll further lock in the ignorant , racist cracker vote . 
pants on fire ! honesty ? none ! no support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
carson camp walks back support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
trump's 9/11 claim widely disputed 
needs to be the best & brightest the us has not two turnips that fell off the truck 
. first carson said he saw it , before he said he unsaw it - 
is a joke . what a clown ... | 
they lie worse than any politician . carson camp walks back support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim . 
carson camp walks back support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim do not elect this man ! 
looking for like to ask gotcha question like asked of carson and trump 
carson camp walks back support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim : ( cnn ) 
guess who's still wrong ? 
rt claims he saw 1,000 s in cheering on gives claim " four pinocchios " . https … 
god hes such an idiot 😩😩😩 - 

big move for cruz in iowa to surpass carson for 2nd to trump , per new q poll : 
iowa poll : not now chief rival 

intel : paris attackers cased targets 
first on cnn : new u.s. intel bulletin provides details of paris attack plans 
new us intelligence bulletin says paris attackers conducted prior surveillance of some locations attacked , showed ... 
new us intelligence bulletin says paris attackers conducted prior surveillance of some … 
rt fbi bulletin asks police to lookout for suspicious ppl doing @ soft targets by 
to the press : make sure to blatantly point out it definitely had " encrypted applications " 
fbi bulletin asks police to lookout for suspicious ppl doing @ soft targets by & 

turkey-syria border : russian warplane crashes 

oil crash sparks opec revolt 
rt lingering crash sparks revolt against … 
oil crash sparks opec revolt against saudis - cnnmoney 
who struggles with a strong dollar ? via 
opec squabbles could bring oil prices even lower . shortfinancial.ca 
" opec has never been more divided , " said fadel gheit , an oppenheimer analyst via 
this is why your gas was so cheap today , and why clean energy will become less of a priority without legislation 
the chickens have come come to roost 
build the pipeline , drill oil wherever , just make us independent from middle east oil 
once again , us has asserted itself on the global economy . now for the crippling blow of leading 
president obama is bringing opec to its knees . 
money cnn investing saudi arabia opec revolt oil prices index 
imf : things are about to get worse for the middle east via 
good writeup on intra-opec squabbles 
oil crash sparks revolt against saudis 
well well , more countries are getting ticked off at the saudis ! 
crashing oil prices and civil war show dangers of latifundia and cartels via 

edited video overlays clinton laughing onto images of benghazi wreckage 
trump video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage 
. video shows laughing over benghazi wreckage 
trump video shows clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 
donald trump video shows hillary clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 
ok donald , this is irresponsible . video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage 

u2 will ' put on our best ' for rescheduled paris concert 
u2 back in paris the first weekend of december -- hbo concert rescheduled for dec . 7 : 

north korea's no . 2 believed banished by kim jong un : 
north korea's no . 2 believed banished why wont someone take this dictator down , n . korea is worthless 
asking questions about disappeared people ... no point in that . 
north korea's no . 2 believed banished by kim jong un - cnn 
north korea's no . 2 believed banished by kim jong un by paula hancocks , cnn and jungeun kim , for cnn 
north korea's no . 2 banished by kim jong un ? 

also new : our state of the race from iowa , where it's the national phenomena , not the iowa workhorses , who can win . 
in iowa , there is little breathing room for some of the gop field via 
harlan , iowa ( cnn ) - 10 weeks to go until the gop race here is barreling toward a four-way jumble ... 
in iowa , little breathing room for gop bottom-dwellers 

on the night patrol in mali - 

he escaped ' the beast ' of 
why i stay in baltimore 
rt he escaped ' the beast ' of 
a compelling portrait . from squeegee boy to college professor , d . watkins escaped ' the beast ' of 
great article on the inner city .... and going on to success .... enjoy 
cool article . 
great feature on on check it out here - ' the beast side ' is available now 
escaped ' the beast ' of baltimore 

captain lived and died with the sea 
rt captain lived and died with the sea 

from new york to tokyo , this artist recreates cities entirely out of paper 
incredible : cities constructed entirely from ... 

" try solar but my op-ed says " don't try it , research it ! " hype triumphs , 
can we avoid climate apocalypse ? 
the sooner we're able to wean ourselves off our dirty & dangerous addiction to fossil fuels , the better off we'll be 
can we avoid climate apocalypse ? ( opinion ) - - i doubt it . no . 
how to avoid climate apocalypse 
it should be 1.5 degrees 
can we avoid apocalypse ? 
" but there is hope . in every presidential debate , republican nominees bemoan the lack of good american manufacturing … 
can we avoid apocalypse ? nancy harris : has to stop 
there's no one perfect climate target : just like there's no magic number of cigarettes we can smoke and still be ok . 
perspectives on 
nancy harris of on why need to be high on the agenda at 

. on refugees , balance compassion and safety via 
paul ryan : on refugees , balance , safety , compassion 
rt new op-ed by on " on refugees , balance compassion and safety " 
there are credible persons in syria to vouch for each one ? >> paul ryan : on refugees , balance compassion & safety 
paul ryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety 
ryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety i hope this is not a smoke screen 2 pacify concerned americans 
rt . cnn op-ed : " on refugees , balance safety , compassion " 
house speaker says america can balance compassion and safety w/ refugees : 
on balance compassion and safety 
house passed american safe act . background check 
. speakerryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety vi … 
essay by - balance security & compassion in addressing 
based on ' logic ' , we should avoid anything/anyone that ' might be a threat ' . like 
paul ryan : on humans , balance compassion and safety - cnn international 
a great read for your monday morning . insight on the refugee program from a man that should know , 

ted cruz , on the attack 
the 2016 spotlight is turning to the junior senator from texas ... my colleague ' s story : 
. is on the attack via 
new , from west des moines -- ted cruz , who refused to touch contrast with a stick , now finds himself in crosshairs . 

the future of 
in the wake of the paris attacks , took portraits of people across the city : 
" because they represent life . " portraits of the future -- the youth of 
in the wake of the paris attacks , took portraits of young people across the city : 
" it was the youth of france who were targeted simply because they represent life , " french president francois ... 

" today i am deciding to love , not hate . " 
pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests in pregnant wife's murder 
rt police arrest man in connection with murder of pregnant pastor's wife . 
two arrested in death of pastor's wife amanda blackburn 
controversy ? amanda blackburn murdered . 
where is the outrage , protests , and signs for ? 
when the media gonna fawn over this husbands ability to forgive ? 
man arrested in pastor's wife murder case - 
- there is real evil in this world , and these soulless , disgusting monsters prove it . 
we have a sick culture in america . arrests in death of pastors wife . they were on crime spree . don't blame poverty . 
men arrested in pastor's wife killing 
pastor chooses ' love not hate ' after wife's killing 
" choosing to let my emotions drive my decisions is recipe for a hopeless and fruitless life . " 
cnn has them shown here . think obama will comment on this case ? don't hold your breath ... 
imagine if the races were reversed pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests pregnant wife's murder 
no punishment on earth will be as bad as when these two get to hell . 
white lives matter as much as any other life . killing is killing our blood flows the same . respect to this ... 
if you believe in see this 
time to take out and dispose of the trash !!!! 

here's a good man i've never met but would like to ! another guy that makes trump look like chump ! 
the tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor 
tattooed pa mayor makes senate run 
if you don't know him you should . 
tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor via 
here's my profile of john fetterman — the 6'8 " tattooed mayor who's running for senate . 
i genuinely like john fetterman , and i think he's got a real shot in a general . check him out , pa dems . 
mayor john sat down with to talk about this race , and what " winds his clock . " check it out : 
tattooed mayor makes senate bid 
this man is running for senate , and seems interesting . 
rt tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor via htt … 
great article about and what he's doing for 
the tattoos are not the most interesting thing about in braddock , pennsylvania . 
i am a cynic , w/ all the doubts for our current system but i read this & the cynicism turns into a smile , maybe hope 
let us know when you run , i would like to donate to your campaign . 
cnn politics profile on john fetterman , d for senate : 
in the spirit of political longshot successes : tattoos aren't the most interesting thing about this senate candidate 
the tattoos aren't the most interesting thing about - profile 
i wanted to know what tattoos have to do with him running for the senate . worth a read . 
the tattoos get attention , but story goes deeper with this pgh-area mayor running for us senate : via 
great story via for a monday morning ! 
great story !!! i will trade my mayor for him !! 
this is someone this country should get behind no matter your party . 
the food is free deemed unsellable for one corporate reason or 
great profile of braddock , pa mayor and senate candidate 
great story from on an unlikely senate candidate and the town he's been devoted to for 10 yrs 
over this profile on find out what " winds his clock . " 
an up close look at u.s. senate candidate and his incredible work in braddock . 
excellent story from about , pa mayor setting his sights on the us senate via 

new footage shows warplane crashing in syria 
video shows 
breaking : turkey shoots down russian fighter jet ummm .... this isn't good .. sean 
rt $50 support a military veteran crowdfunding new footage shows warplane crashing in syri ... … 

the known fascist is now seeing and hearing things that doesn't exist . 
trump : ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 - 
trump doubles down on 9/11 claims 
donald trump lol 
doubles down on 9/11 comments 
lying about a tragedy to get sympathy support , i'm baffled he has a following at all 
rt . claimed monday he watched people jump out of twin towers on 9/11 from his apartment 4 miles away : https://… 
trump keeps doing well despite/because of his outrageous statements . expecting him to stop is kidding yourself . 
many people . me : 43rd floor . no one would like it . he is right about that . ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' 
rt donald trump claims ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 
if wants to know how real intolerance looks like in a place his wife kiran wud love : 
' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 .... and i could see russia from there too 
the ignorance to which this man speaks sickens and scares me ! 
rt . " many people jumped and i witnessed it " on 9/11 via … 
trump ! what do your elf eyes see ? 
rt trump on 9/11 
then we flew to new jersey and watched muslims cheering . ' many people jumped & i witnessed it ' on 9/11 
... sure you did don , sure you did 

scientists create malaria-blocking mosquito 
scientists create new strain of malaria-blocking mosquito 
cnn health malaria mosquito strain index 
i'm concerned with giving an evolutionary-type advantage to malaria blocking mosquito to replace current ones . 
could this mosquito wipe out malaria for good ? 
malaria is the single most deadly disease preventing real development in poor tropical areas . 

your favorite brands are launching in 
" within five years we could be in five or six countries in africa ... this is the hottest new market in the world . " 
would want to watch the trend in with krispy kreme and dunkins now launching in africa - cnn 
africa is becoming an emerging market for lots of american brands to enter via 
money cnn companies africa starbucks krispy kreme hm dunkin donuts index 

beasts of the deep : swimming with the underwater big 5 
swimming with the alternative big 5 
travel news : 
swimming with 5 giants of the ocean 

will makeamericagreatagain 
. taps into deep republican anger at government 
rt . taps into deep republican anger at government 
leftist anti-gov't ( anti-cop ) terrorism is ongoing in us cities yet & of publish this . 
this is no longer funny . or totally hillarious . either way u guys may end up with potus trump 
america is pretty & the is just waking up 2 the depth of that 
these numbers are stunning but not surprising . the republican party created these people , coddled and encouraged ... 
poll : here's how angry the gop is 
poll : here's how angry the gop is : donald doesn't have to tap into anything . people are sick of lawyer speak & lies 
on a scale of 1-10 , how mad are you at our current government ? 
poll shows how angry the gop is at government 
cnn released an article saying 74% receptive to a third party . go for it !! 
donald trump taps into deep gop anger at government - - ... 
pew poll : trump , rubio , cruz , carson tap into the deep republican anger at government 
89% reps & 72% dems don't govt wonder how much of this is fallout from revelations ? 
angry @ gov , caused by rich lobbing . so don't elect they guy they lobby for ! sucks 
fear and loathing in the gop . 

photos from the end of the earth 
check out these stunning images from a place less travelled , antarctica . 
seals are everywhere ... kind of like psp 
gorgeous photos from antarctic including penguins seals glaciers and much more 
gorgeous from including and much more 
> from the end of the earth ; photographer discusses new book blue ice 
great photo series of antarctica , " blue ice " : 
sometimes the beauty of the world is astounding 
i would love 2 be there ............ but cold ◠‿◠ 

. hits new lows 
donald trump's ' disturbing racial rhetoric ' 
what's this about 
donald hits new lows 
rt donaldtrumphitsnewlows op ed is slanderous the protester didnt get beat up & trump never retw … 
donaldtrumphitsnewlows op ed is slanderous the protester didnt get beat up & trump never retweeted that image 
trump building constituency of white christians with his racial slurs ? speak against him white christians ... stand up 
if this man is elected president i am leaving the country . does he even think about what he says ? 
my cnn article on trump's racist rhetoric 
more lies from trump's filthy mouth . every time he opens his mouth he spews more hate and feces than anyone else ... 
donald trump's disturbing race war 
you say trump has hit a new low ... but he's still in the lead . stop looking at him and look at us ! 
trump's supporters will be considered guilty by association . guilty of his disturbing racial rhetoric . 
does trump hope you have the same like the dutch : not allowed to ask a judge if a law is against constitution ? 
after this terrible piece re & his supporters -i'm wondering why rep debates would ever be on cnn😞 

belgium : end of border-free europe ' on the table ' 
end of border-free europe “ on the table , ” according to belgium’s un ambassador : 
belgian ambassador : end of border-free europe ' on the table ' 

