state department issues worldwide 
gg wildcard daily headline : cnn " usa issues worldwide travel alert " 
probably safe to say they have solid reasons for doing this . keep your heads on a swivel travelers . 
u.s. issues worldwide travel alert 
travels alerts to who is travelling during the holiday season . 
state dept issues worldwide travel alert but plans to import thousands of syrians , potential terrorists 
well this is fun considering im going to paris and england in january 
more info 
rt worldwide travel warning ! to all my friends traveling ... report any suspicious activity . be safe everyone ! … 
let us help you and your teams to understand the situation and to be and secure domestic and international 
alright ..., if you must travel , please be careful .... 
o: we cannot & will not succumb to fear . nor can we allow fear to divide us . that’s how terrorists win 
rt state department issues worldwide 
rt us state dept issues worldwide travel alert … 
isis is contained , al qaida is neutralized , and islam is peaceful . must be fear mongers in the dos . obama the worst 
if you need this alert to be alert then your not alert . i'm all for non aggressive principle alert but you ... 
stay safe guys 






ted cruz coming to college football via snapchat 
first on cnn : cruz buys ads on snapchat for thanksgiving football 
first on cnn : buys ads on for thanksgiving football game attendees 
first on cnn : ted cruz buys ads on snapchat for thanksgiving football 
heading to a sec football game on saturday ? if so , check out the ads on ( via 
first on cnn : buys ads on for some thanksgiving college football games 


jon snow lives !! 
' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow debate 
' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow d # royalsleadseries 
' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow dead or alive debate 
' thrones ' ad fuels jon snow debate 
jon snow .. king of the white walkers ! or .. just take your pick from all the other wishful thinkers . 
is jon snow dead ? 
i have no idea if jon snow will be alive , dead , or undead next season , but the book never actually says he died . 
" what is dead may never die , " right ? poster fuels jon snow debate . 
john snow lives ! 
he's back . ' you know nothing jon snow ' via 
is still alive ? 

turkish military admits to shooting down russian plane 


. we are all french now 
obama after meeting hollande : we are all french now - - 
isis can only be stopped by defeating their ideology first . 
this time , france wants the war 
rt . after meeting we are all french now via & https :/ … 
. and meet : what a différence in u . s . -french relations 
. aftr meet ' we're all french now ' & 
" we are all french now " -- obama . presented wo comment 
obama to hollande : after paris attacks , " we are all french now " more true than obama could ever know ... 
obama and hollande meet : what a difference in u . s . -french relations - 
meeting with french president francois hollande , president obama says , we are all french now ( via 
barack obama , francois hollande meet : what a difference - 
obama and hollande meet : what a difference in u . s . -french relations ( via 
false comparison by obama and hollande meet : what a difference in relations ( was right about iraq ) 
--- france's president will come visit the this tuesday to talk war 
obama : turkey has a right to defend its airspace 
rt obama and hollande meet french president is a clown who still dont understand how … 

carson : the most misunderstood candidate ? 
is the most misunderstood candidate ? 
ben carson : the most misunderstood candidate ? phew ! for a second there i thought he was running for president . 
. the most misunderstood candidate ? no , it's clearly understood ... benny shouldn't be president . 
carson : it's all a misunderstanding 
ben carson : the most misunderstood candidate ? there's something strangely comedic about this . 
ben carson : the most misunderstood candidate ? claiming press simply misunderstood .. all of the time ? 
ben carson : the most misunderstood candidate ? lol .. and misspeak are 2 republican ways of backing out . 
ben carson : the most misunderstood candidate ? // do they clone incoherent candidates 
slipping in iowa & brain power . 
if failing to accept crass stupidity is misunderstanding ~ ben carson : the most misunderstood candidate ? 
es , and , we are dumb clucks !!! 
open your eyes its just about over ! 😱😱😱 ben carson : the most misunderstood candidate ? 
rt ben carson : the most misunderstood candidate ? via 
-- is that misunderstood ? 
ben carson says we do not understand but his drop in the polls shows clearly we do . 
you can't keep blaming the media for misquoting you more time passes = showing how unqualified 
says he's misunderstood . literally . by 
how durable is the brand ? 
doc ben whining he's " misunderstood " is politician equivalent of philandering husband claiming wife doesn't get him 
carson's rocky few weeks have raised questions about the durability of his brand 

space tech meets aviation : the hypersonic revolution - 
paris to s.f. in 90 minutes ? hypersonic travel may not be that far off . tech appears almost ready . stay tuned . 
paris to san francisco in less than an hour ? 
whoooaaaaa ..... lunch in paris ... gulp 
this is so damn awesome ... 
$30 billion , 30 years = dreams come true 
can't wait for this revolutionary technology 
san francisco to paris in an hour ? space tech meets aviation 
london to sydney in 90 minutes ? 
london to melbourne in 90 minutes ? new concept jet would travel at over 30,000 kph 
world travelers , take note : this concept jet aims to go up to 25 times the speed of sound 



probably 
adviser : trump ' probably right ' on disputed 9/11 claim 
rt adviser : trump ' probably right ' on disputed 9/11 claim 
hey how is it you never go after barack obama , hillary clinton when they tell howling lies , mistruths ? 
whether trump & staff are lying or just wrong is irrelevant . falsehoods and incitement are bad 
trump repeats false 9/11 claim 
this is interesting . do you think there was anyone who celebrated on 9/11 or was everyone saddened by what ... 
trump repeats false 9/11 claim he's encouraging people to riot by spuing of his hateful racist returic ? ?? 
supporters , you'd better pull your heads out of your arses quick . - trump repeats false 9/11 claim 
trump repeats false 9/11 claim cnn trumps right your wrong they were celebrating when towers fell . muslins r killers 
no he's not 
your sauce is the weakest sauce . bow-out and 
wtf i saw it also . big time in elizabeth new jersey . 
top trump adviser on disputed 9/11 claim : " what's important is that there are bad people among us . " 
i claim cheered jfk's death . according to his team's logic , there is no way to prove he didn't .. 
generally speaking , this is a poor rhetorical move 
wait , i don't think thats how the truth works . 
this is an odd argument 
trump adviser on 9/11 claim : " he's probably right ... what's important is that there are bad people among us . " 
buried in this article on trump's insane lies about 9-11 is the first step toward splitting the gop vote : 
i can see why this is controversial , but i thought there were many documented cases of this , particularly in nyc 
did cohen really say this ? " what's important is that there are bad people among us . " wow .... just wow 
warning to the more you bash the more firm his base . he will beat 
the big lie the big lie the big lie the big lie the big lie the big lie the big lie the big lie the big lie the big 
trump sticks to false 9/11 claim 
does this shed any light on your fact checker comment in regards to this 

moroccan woman mistaken for paris jihadi : i live in continuous fear 
i told you guys its all happening just of mistakenly 
woman mistaken for paris jihadi lives in fear 
woman mistaken for jihadi : i live in fear 


texas seeks delay in obama immigration case at supreme court 
texas seeks delay in scotus immigration case - 
texas seeks a delay in obama administration's immigration case at via 
texas seeks delay in immigration case at supreme 
texas seeks a delay in the obama administration's immigration case at 
rt just in : will hear immigration case this term ? maybe not : 
texas seeks delay in obama supreme court immigration case in bid to run out clock on this white house 
texas attorney general , ken paxton , requests a 30-day extension to file a reply brief to on case 
texas playing politics , seeks delay in obama immigration case at 
yday texas + 25 states said they needed more time to file immigration brief doj said it would oppose delay : 
rt texas seeks a delay in the obama administration's immigration case at … 
texas seeks in case at supreme court 
seeks delay in case at supreme court - cnn 

clinton : don't get swayed by gop ' fear tactics and scare mongering ' 
. don't get swayed by the gop's " fear tactics and scare mongering " 
president hillary rodham clinton " i want democrats to vote for me , but i want sensible republicans to vote for ... 
clinton : gop ' scare mongering ' 
as her former state department issued a world wide travel alert : rt : clinton : don't get swayed by gop care mongering ' 
clinton : don't get swayed by gop ' fe wtf hillary , no need . look at the world ? open your eyes ! 
tell the french not 2 b swayed or the belgians ! hungary is not stupid ie killary/barry ! 


clinton says her use of term " illegal immigrant " was a " poor choice of words " 
clinton apologizes for saying ' illegal immigrant ' 
dear is there a reason why campaign is not mentioned in ur story ? : 
says her use of term ' illegal immigrant ' was a ' poor choice of words ' are they here legally or not ? 
rt ❗️clinton apologizes for saying illegal immigrant corrupt liar has no regrets for setting up steven … 
fyi , , through aired a project of 
hillary ' sorry ' for saying ' illegal immigrant ' ... 
broke ass hillary apologizes for using term ' illegal ' at nh rally to refer to illegals : " poor choice of words . " 
sorry ass hillary apologizes for correctly using term ' illegal ' at nh rally discussing illegals . 
❗️clinton apologizes for saying illegal immigrant corrupt liar has no regrets for setting up stevens 
the democratic party allows language to be controlled by foreigners who break our laws : 
pander to the illegal alliens that have no rights in ameriac but steal from those that do simply by being here . 
rt groveling hillary : forgive me ! please !!! hillary ' sorry ' for saying ' illegal immigrant ' 
hillary clinton says her use of term ' illegal immigrant ' for illegal immigrants was a ' poor choice of words ' - 
they immigrated here illegally , but they're not illegal immigrants ?!?! 
rt clinton said her use of the term " illegal immigrant " at a town hall was a " poor choice of words . " … 
rt . says her use of the term " illegal immigrant " was a " poor choice of words " https :/ … 
rt cowering coward pc hillary : hillary ' sorry ' for saying ' illegal immigrant ' 
undocumented not better.it implies that documentation was attempted . : ' illegal immigrant ' was a ' poor choice 
queen sorry 4saying " 
sick > queen sorry 4sayng " 
rt queen sorry 4saying " 
she's right 
illegal alien advocate hillary clinton apologizes for using " illegal immigrant " dems are controlled by law-breakers . 
so if someone breaks into my house , for any well-intended reason , is that illegal or just an ' undocumented ' entry ? 
apologizes for term ' illegal immigrant ' if a dem , can't be factual , or believe 
another progressive begs forgiveness : clinton says use of ' illegal immigrant ' was poor choice of words 
clinton says illegal immigrant ' was a ' poor choice of words ' yes illegal alien would be more accurate . 





5 things you need to know about russian jet shot down by turkey 
5 things to know about russian jet shot down by turkey 
5 things you need to know about jet shot down by 
the correct headline should read : " turkey attacks russia-how stupid can turkey be ? " 
5 things to know about downed russian jet 
5 things you need to know about shot down by turkey - 
5 things to know about turkey downed a russian war jet 
russian president vladimir putin says the downing of the jet is a " a stab in the back by the terrorists ' ... 

december 17th cannot come fast enough “ plants easter egg november 24 ” 
a long time ago in a galaxy far far away ... 
google plants ' star wars ' easter egg 
rt google plants star wars easter egg 
have you seen the new google star wars easter egg ? 
google easter egg 

. discriminated against us workers , complaint states . 
discriminated against us workers , complaint states november 24 - cnnmoney 
. discriminated against u.s. workers , complaint states 
disney workers filed complaints with the equal employment opportunity commission against disney after they were replaced by foreign workers . 

suspect arrested in new orleans shooting caught on video 
suspect arrested in new orleans shooting on video 
god is real . 
great ! congrats to new orleans p.d. for the quick arrest . 👍 
arrest in shooting caught on video 
i can't believe this poor black boy was arrested ! he dindu nuffin wrong ! 
the lesson in this story is that if you intervene , you must use maximum force to control the situation . 
remind me again why it's wrong to put down animals like this . suspect arrested in new orleans shooting 
dramatic video shows hero , peter gold , 25 , tulane univ . med-student being shot by thug in new orleans . gold survived 
check this out : 
this young man is a hero . he probably saved this woman's life . you rock 
video : robber's gun jams after shooting victim/good samaritan . 
there is a god . 



iowa poll : cruz , not carson , now trump's chief rival 
evangelicals now shifting 2 cruz , i suspect by feb 1 some will shift 2 
iowa poll : gop(r)cruz , not gop(r)carson , now gop(r)trump's chief rival 
iowa poll : not now chief rival via 
iowa poll : ted cruz , not ben carson , now donald trump's top rival - 
ted cruz within the margin of error in iowa !!! 
iowa poll : cruz , not carson , now trump's top rival 
rt big move for cruz in iowa to surpass carson for 2nd to trump , per new q poll : 
here we go cruz nearly catches trump in ia 
iowa poll : not ben carson , now trump's chief rival 
if the jobs don't show up which trump can produce , then we become susceptible to the islamic state giving us jobs 
the conservative tortoise approaches the hare via 
is climbing in the polls and is competition according to iowa polls 





second man arrested in connection with shootings near minneapolis protest site . 
2 arrested in shooting near jamar clark protest site in minneapolis 
rt minneapolis police arrest a man in connection with shootings near monday's protests . 
rt 5 shot near jamar clark protest 
2 held in shooting at police protest 
no words .... 
rt 5 people shot near jamar clark protest site . 
rt two arrests ( so far ) of suspects in last night's shootings : 
2 arrested for shooting near minneapolis black lives matter protest 
2 arrested in shooting near jamar clark protest site in attack 
not surprised by those white supremacists but why is the hispanic man shooting @ the protesters ? 

turkey-syria border : russian warplane crashes - 
photos of the downed jet 
photos of crash 
😸 russian navy grapples with russian threats to undersea cables - navytimes 😸 😿 




i don't care if you ever see this , you are a stupid , obnoxious , petty piece of shit . 
edited video overlays clinton laughing onto images of benghazi wreckage 
trump video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage 
. video shows laughing over benghazi wreckage 
trump video shows clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 
donald trump video shows hillary clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 
rt ok donald , this is irresponsible . video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage … 


u2 will ' put on our best ' for rescheduled paris concert 
u2 back in paris the first weekend of december -- hbo concert rescheduled for dec . 7 : 

he escaped ' the beast ' of 
why i stay in baltimore 
rt he escaped ' the beast ' of 
a compelling portrait . from squeegee boy to college professor , d . watkins escaped ' the beast ' of 
great article on the inner city .... and going on to success .... enjoy 
cool article . 
great feature on on check it out here - ' the beast side ' is available now 
escaped ' the beast ' of baltimore 


in iowa , little breathing room for gop bottom-dwellers 
the view from iowa : only the four frontrunners can actually win . the folks working pizza ranch circuit ? got no shot . 
also new : our state of the race from iowa , where it's the national phenomena , not the iowa workhorses , who can win . 
in iowa , there is little breathing room for some of the gop field via 
harlan , iowa ( cnn ) - 10 weeks to go until the gop race here is barreling toward a four-way jumble ... 


is racism on the rise ? more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 
racism is " a big problem " in the u.s. says a poll . 
rt 49% of americans say racism is a “ big problem , ” according to new cnn/kaiser family foundation poll . … 
racism is a ' big problem ' to more americans , poll finds - - 
more in u.s. say racism is a ' big problem ' . i guess that depends on what you call racism 
rt americans who say racism is a big problem 2011 28% 2015 49% 
49% of americans say racism is a ' big problem ' 
could " racism " be the wrong word ? " is racism on the rise ? more in us say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds " 
rt . asks " is racism on the rise ? " and then doesn't bother to ask asian americans . … 
roughly half of all americans -- 49% -- say racism is a " big problem " in society today , according to a nationwide 
did they really need to conduct a poll to tell us this ? 😱 
in 2011 , 28% of americans felt that racism was a big problem . now that number is 49% . 
racism a problem in the usa would the stats be similar in canada ? 
is racism on the rise ? let's talk about and why it matters here is a snippet via 
is racism on the rise ? more in us say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds - cnn international 
49% of americans says is a " big problem " in our society . we need more and acceptance of ... 
race/racism -- more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 
7% of americans say racism is not a problem . can we all move to that fantasyland ? : 
rt poll says that roughly half of americans believe is " a big problem " today . and water is wet . … 
poll : half of us say racism a big problem 
polled 1900 people and then tells us , " this is what the 322 million americans think . " that's a problem 
it is being fueled by donald trump who only cares about his poll popularity . the little boy only cares about ... 
more people see racism as a big problem . nccj's education and advocacy more important than ever ! 
49% americans think racism is a big problem more on racial/ethnic 
so a country founded on racism wants to know if racism is on the rise suggesting that it supposedly went away . 
rt cnn : neither experience nor have an opinion about it . ugh . talk about erasure . 
is racism on the rise ? more americans say it's a ' big problem ' 
is racism on the rise ? or is it just more obvious as additional racial groups get targetted ? 
rt . story on racism in america -- why not poll asian americans ? … 
not really . can't we all just get along ?? 
rt more in u.s. say racism is a ' big problem , ' poll finds b/c of obama , we now know many blacks a … 
i think it was easier 2 talk about 20 yrs ago b/c people more willing to listen . is racism on the rise ? 
more in u.s. say racism is a ' big problem , ' poll finds b/c of obama , we now know many blacks are racists 
in a ' big problem . ' breaks down new poll . 
is racism on the rise ? remember it's not racism if it's not a race . 
you can thank the republican party for that ! they support , only , capitalism , and white supremacy . 
is racism on the rise ? more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' as an aging white male , i'm glad to at least be gay . 
rt so much for rw claims of a " post-racial america . oh , wait ... i'm " racist " for bringing up race , right , rwers ? … 

how one grad cut her student loan debt by $ 20,000 
grad cuts her student loan debt by $ 20,000 . 
how one cut her by $ 20,000 via thanks for the mention 
rt thinking about refinancing your student loan ? you should be . here's how one grad saved $ 20,000 ! v … 
thinking about refinancing your student loan ? you should be . here's how one grad saved $ 20,000 ! via 

who shot laquan mcdonald charged w 
rt chicago police officer who shot laquan mcdonald charged with murder 
rt chicago police officer who shot charged with murder 
a chicago police officer has been charged with 1st-degree murder in the 2014 shooting death of laquan mcdonald . 
.. good to see justice being served for one of our fallen black kings 
chicago officer , jason van dyke , charged in the murder of laquan mcdonald . 
police officer charged with murder 
they did ... 
rt rt a chicago police officer has been charged with 1st-degree murder in the 2014 ... ht … 
rt releasing video . leaders urge calm . by & … 
obey the fuking law .. and u won't get shot .. is this a hard task ? 

. hits new lows 
donald trump's disturbing race war 
donald trump's ' disturbing racial rhetoric ' 
donald trump < go look at the art in his campaign hq slide show . wow . 
after slandering mexicans as drug dealers and rapists , and retweeting images of monkeys trying to cross the ... 
donald trump's disturbing racial rhetoric ( opinion ) - 
what's this about 
donald hits new lows 
rt donaldtrumphitsnewlows op ed is slanderous the protester didnt get beat up & trump never retw … 
donaldtrumphitsnewlows op ed is slanderous the protester didnt get beat up & trump never retweeted that image 
trump building constituency of white christians with his racial slurs ? speak against him white christians ... stand up 
if this man is elected president i am leaving the country . does he even think about what he says ? 
my cnn article on trump's racist rhetoric 
more lies from trump's filthy mouth . every time he opens his mouth he spews more hate and feces than anyone else ... 
you say trump has hit a new low ... but he's still in the lead . stop looking at him and look at us ! 
trump's supporters will be considered guilty by association . guilty of his disturbing racial rhetoric . 
does trump hope you have the same like the dutch : not allowed to ask a judge if a law is against constitution ? 
after this terrible piece re & his supporters -i'm wondering why rep debates would ever be on cnn😞 

somali pirates seize iranian , thai ships - 
pirates seize ships 


neat ! matsui created tokyo based on memories from her youth , growing up in the city during the 1980s . check out ... 
from new york to tokyo , this artist recreates cities entirely out of paper 
amazing miniature cities made of paper and glue - 
incredible : cities constructed entirely from ... 

can we avoid climate ? 
can we avoid apocalypse ? 
why apocalypse depends on this 
rt can we avoid apocalypse ? by ( 1/2 ) https://… 
how to avoid climate apocalypse 
article includes commentary by joint program co-director john reilly 
cnn asks " can we avoid apocalypse ? " gfw expert nancy harris says " has to stop " 
excited : 7 days b4 have despite our past let's show we can all agree on our future ! 
rt the sooner we're able to wean ourselves off our dirty & dangerous addiction to fossil fuels , the better off we'll be … 
rt can we avoid apocalypse ? ( 2/2 ) https : … 
rev 7:3 - do you know what is expected of those sealed in the forehead ; the servants of the almighty father ... 
rt " try solar but my op-ed says " don't try it , research it ! " hype triumphs , … 
it should be 1.5 degrees 
rt can we avoid apocalypse ? … 
" but there is hope . in every presidential debate , republican nominees bemoan the lack of good american manufacturing … 
can we avoid apocalypse ? nancy harris : has to stop 
rt there's no one perfect climate target : just like there's no magic number of cigarettes we can smoke and still be ok . … 
perspectives on 

. and rapper a lethal combo via 
sanders and rapper killer mike a ' lethal ' combo 
. and make a " lethal " combo via 
" i'm talking about a revolutionary , " the hip hop star and activist told supporters . " in my heart of hearts , i ... 
rapper killer mike amazing endorsement of sen. bernie sanders 

blackphone vows to keep its ultra-private phone out of terrorists ' hands 
blackphone vows to keep its ultra-private phone out of terrorists ' hands - cnnmoney 
blackphone : we'll keep phone out of terrorists ' hands 
blackphone vows to keep its ultra-private phone out of terrorists ' hands via 
" vows " is too strong a word for controlling where tech ends up ... blackphone vows to keep its phone ... 
the blackphone was designed to protect people's privacy from hackers and spies . now isis members want to use it too , according to one researcher . 


the future of 
in the wake of the paris attacks , took portraits of young people across the city : 
like this little glimpse of the faces of paris young people . 
in the wake of the paris attacks , took portraits of people across the city : 
" because they represent life . " portraits of the future -- the youth of 
" it was the youth of france who were targeted simply because they represent life , " french president francois ... 


do t forget the pastors pregnant wife murdered in indianapolis . 
pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests in pregnant wife's murder 
rt police arrest man in connection with murder of pregnant pastor's wife . 
. so use spot-metering . 
amanda blackburn news : 
" today i am deciding to love , not hate . " 
indiana amanda blackburn killing arrest - 
pastor chooses ' love not hate ' after wife's killing 
two arrested in death of pastor's wife amanda blackburn 
controversy ? amanda blackburn murdered . 
where is the outrage , protests , and signs for ? 
when the media gonna fawn over this husbands ability to forgive ? 
man arrested in pastor's wife murder case - 
- there is real evil in this world , and these soulless , disgusting monsters prove it . 
we have a sick culture in america . arrests in death of pastors wife . they were on crime spree . don't blame poverty . 
men arrested in pastor's wife killing 
" choosing to let my emotions drive my decisions is recipe for a hopeless and fruitless life . " 
cnn has them shown here . think obama will comment on this case ? don't hold your breath ... 
imagine if the races were reversed pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests pregnant wife's murder 
no punishment on earth will be as bad as when these two get to hell . 
white lives matter as much as any other life . killing is killing our blood flows the same . respect to this ... 


profile of up on via braddock's first craft gets a shoutout ! 
mayor john sat down with to talk about this race , and what " winds his clock . " check it out : 
tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor via 
rt tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor via htt … 
sharing this article on again . pay attention to him for a senate seat in pa in 2016 . 
the tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor 
here's a good man i've never met but would like to ! another guy that makes trump look like chump ! 
tattooed pa mayor makes senate run 
if you don't know him you should . 
rt here's my profile of john fetterman — the 6'8 " tattooed mayor who's running for senate . … 
i genuinely like john fetterman , and i think he's got a real shot in a general . check him out , pa dems . 
tattooed mayor makes senate bid 
this man is running for senate , and seems interesting . 
great article about and what he's doing for 
the tattoos are not the most interesting thing about in braddock , pennsylvania . 
i am a cynic , w/ all the doubts for our current system but i read this & the cynicism turns into a smile , maybe hope 
let us know when you run , i would like to donate to your campaign . 
cnn politics profile on john fetterman , d for senate : 
in the spirit of political longshot successes : tattoos aren't the most interesting thing about this senate candidate 
the tattoos aren't the most interesting thing about - profile 
i wanted to know what tattoos have to do with him running for the senate . worth a read . 
the tattoos get attention , but story goes deeper with this pgh-area mayor running for us senate : via 
great story via for a monday morning ! 
great story !!! i will trade my mayor for him !! 
this is someone this country should get behind no matter your party . 

new footage shows warplane crashing in syria 
shows jet crashing 
new footage shows warplane crashing in syria - cnn video - 
rt syria just got more complicated : new footage shows warplane crashing in syria 
putin calls plane's downing by turkey ' stab in the back ' one of the world's most volatile regions was roiled ... 
cnn : russian plane violated turkey airspace 10 times ... warned ... pilot ejected . 
rt clancyreports : cnn : russian plane violated turkey airspace 10 times ... warned ... pilot ejected . 

real story happening now in north memphis causing town to freakout 
spiders cause a north memphis freakout 
" real story happening now in north memphis causing town to freakout " 😨 
this must be " nope of the decade " for arachnophobic friends : 
this is , unquestionably , my greatest fear . 
nightmares ... 
just one of the many reasons i will never live in memphis : 
half mile long spider web ! 
spiders invade like ' horror movie ' 
whoa . whoa . not cool , guys . 
the good news : i'm quoted in a cnn story above the fold on their website ! the bad news : there’s a typo in my tweet ! 
ur gonna love this : 
you gotta pull sound bites from this : 
webs a half mile long !? yikes ! 
spider invasion in memphis ! you know who to call if it ever happened in southern arizona ! 
oh my .. 
along came a spider ... followed by many more & i'm so glad i don't live in memphis , tn right now !!! 
" the spiders are coming from a nearly half-mile-long web ... " and i never slept again . 

scientists create malaria-blocking mosquito 
create new strain of 
scientists create new strain of mosquito 305.932.5557 
great piece of news at last ... 
scientist use to create mosquitoes that block transmission of 
genetically modified mosquito to prevent malaria . 
building an anti-malaria mosquito . dangerous new step against horrible disease 
would love to see this go to market . 
i'm concerned with giving an evolutionary-type advantage to malaria blocking mosquito to replace current ones . 
could this mosquito wipe out malaria for good ? 
malaria is the single most deadly disease preventing real development in poor tropical areas . 


swimming with 5 giants of the ocean 
swimming with the underwater big 5 
cnn - beasts of the deep : swimming with the big 5 - 
swimming with the alternative big 5 
travel news : 

muslim marine's response to donald trump goes viral 
donald trump and the likes of him should be disqualified from running for office . unconstitutional ideas have no ... 

poll : here's how angry the gop is 
. taps into deep republican anger at government 
rt . taps into deep republican anger at government 
overwhelming majority of americans ( 72% of democrats & 89% of republicans ) don't trust da gummint 
so dems are content with status quo in/out of u.s. ? it's just republicans who recognize downward spiral for america ? 
taps into deep anger at govt . how is that new news ? unlike who might actually vote4 him😯 
poll shows how angry the gop is at government 
rt pew : americans have never been this angry . anger is good . anger is necessary . only through anger comes change . https://… 
will makeamericagreatagain 
leftist anti-gov't ( anti-cop ) terrorism is ongoing in us cities yet & of publish this . 
this is no longer funny . or totally hillarious . either way u guys may end up with potus trump 
america is pretty & the is just waking up 2 the depth of that 
these numbers are stunning but not surprising . the republican party created these people , coddled and encouraged ... 
rt poll : here's how angry the gop is at government via 
poll : here's how angry the gop is : donald doesn't have to tap into anything . people are sick of lawyer speak & lies 
on a scale of 1-10 , how mad are you at our current government ? 
cnn released an article saying 74% receptive to a third party . go for it !! 
donald trump taps into deep gop anger at government - - ... 
pew poll : trump , rubio , cruz , carson tap into the deep republican anger at government 
89% reps & 72% dems don't govt wonder how much of this is fallout from revelations ? 

: # photos from the end of the earth 
these photos took 2 years to take 
takes you to the end of the earth : by 
11 of - the end of the earth 
check out these stunning images from a place less travelled , antarctica . 
seals are everywhere ... kind of like psp 
gorgeous photos from antarctic including penguins seals glaciers and much more 
gorgeous from including and much more 
> from the end of the earth ; photographer discusses new book blue ice 
great photo series of antarctica , " blue ice " : 

on the night patrol in mali - 
on the night patrol in the heart of 

belgium : end of border-free europe ' on the table ' 
end of border-free europe “ on the table , ” according to belgium’s un ambassador : 
belgian ambassador : end of border-free europe ' on the table ' 

will europe choose to live in fear ? 
what europe needs to solve the refugee crisis 
what europe needs to solve the human crisis - cnn international 
what europe really needs to solve the crisis , view by 
rt what europe really needs to solve the crisis , view by … 

