defies world as ' research ' ship embarks on minke whale kill !!! 
wtf killing 333 whales for " research " . fuck you . 
defiant japan to kill 300 whales 
300 whales killed : japan defies world this wanton decimation of whales must stop . pls find other protein source 
unreal . i truly thought that the japanese government would be more understanding and environmental about this .... 
japan ship embarks on whale kill 
japan defiant ; ' research ' ship embarks on whale kill research or poachers ? don't whales have right 2 live ? 
" poachers who are breaking international law " defies world as ' research ' ship embarks on kill 
japan defies international court of justice - sends ‘ research ’ ship to kill 300 minke whales . 
japan defies world and sends out new " research " vessel to kill whales 
will start with over 300 japan defies world as ' research ' ship embarks on 
help fight this menace ! 
& defies world as " research " ship embarks to kill 333 minke whales ! 
incredibly disheartening . japan defies world , ' research ' ship embarks on whale hunt 
this is wrong . having spent time with family close to whales and other marine mammals i can only say that these ... 
rt the japanese whaling fleet has left for antarctica to kill whales in defiance of the international court of ... https://… 
rt this is what does ? right when the world kicks off mission to kill 333 minke whales ? … 
murdering whales is never tell to stop the senseless or 
japan defies world on whales with new research program - 
rt hey to all my friends in japan !! tell your government to stop this !! please !! 
this is so fucked 
it's criminal and deceitful that japan gets around the ruling to protect whales by poaching the whales for ... 
shame on you japan !!!!!! 
go sea shepherd global , go ! kick those japanese fuckers out of antarctic waters ! 
333 minke whales destined to die in the southern ocean this whalng season ! this is repulsive and inexqusible !!! 
disgusting 
wtf japan ? necessary to research ? here's a suggestion : stop killing whales !!!! eff an a , man , when is this crap ... 

remember this holiday season ! picks in her do-gooder gift guide 
honored to be featured in cnn's annual " do gooder holiday gift guide " this year ! check it out ! 

ryan : ' clearly we can do more ' to address mental health issues 
newly of the house the and issue of ... 
paul ryan calls on congress to address mental health 
attempts by to link terrorism to mental illness are baseless & stigmatizing 
. : " clearly we can do more " to address mental health issues after co shooting -- 

rt today is it's important to stay educated and informed . follow elton's and/or read this article : https … 
get educated 
rt 8 dangerous hiv myths debunked by the experts - cnn 

17 locations that actually exist 
17 ' star wars ' locations that actually exist 

good thing ? we can hope he will be effective . i'm thinking , why only one ? how about a building full of experts ? 
obama names new isis adviser 
white house names a new adviser and counter-terror measures 
obama names rob malley as new isis adviser ( h/t 
anyone else think this sounds similar to bush's war on terrorism ? isis needs to be addressed , but this way ? 
dw_bengali : rt cnnpolitics : white house names a new adviser and counter-terror measures via kristenhcnn … 
white house names a new adviser and counter- terror measures 
names new adviser , measures 
close enough usa 🇺🇸🍰 
i hope this person is not a jv amateur in practice 
not yet mr. obama . get used to the idea of your terror-semantics-inaction being memorable parts of your legacy . 
i trust this one has heard of isis ? 
white house announces new counter-terror measures , isis adviser 
announces new counter terror campaign . 

authorities seek public's help in finding mother of baby buried under asphalt 
newborn found buried alive along la-area walking path 
baby girl 4-5 days old found buried alive in police ask public to help find mother ... 
lucky kid 
what . too many emotions with this one . 
this baby is just 4.3 pounds but a fighter . any idea why mom would bury the infant and not take advantage of ... 

can this pill end the aids epidemic ? 
rt this pill can prevent so why don't more people use it ? … 

this is modern-day segregation 
the scourge of 
ah , a prime example of cultural division ... " pants hanging down " is funny in a way , but the fear factor is not . 
milwaukee in the national spotlight again . 
' people are afraid of each other ' - 
and the the scourge of 
race and reality : careful : with 80% of a , and 20% b , with all else being equal ... ' a ' will occur 80% of the time . 
we are only skin deep in difference in shade but we are miles apart realistically ; 
a sad , thought-provoking picture of segregation in milwaukee from 
segregation is still a huge problem in the us . these pictures really portray modern society 
if you guys don't think media ( to include prime-time shows ) don't affect perspectives ... 
race and reality : scourge of segregation . 
how did milwaukee become the most segregated city in america ? 
what modern-day segregation looks like : 
thanks to cnn's ray sanchez for including true skool in this story ... reality in mke .... 
" in fact , black drivers in milwaukee are seven times more likely to be pulled over by cops than whites , according … 
check out cnn's race & reality in america featuring true skool , inc . and data and analysis from uwm's robert ... 
" status and popularity won't serve as shields from the exigencies of blackness . " race and reality : 
it's good to see two of my mentors and favorite nonprofit featured in this articles . 
residents tell how modern segregation impacts life : 
a ground zero for cultural and political wars - 

egomaniac will be forgotten in dust bin of history ( under carter ) obama ends paris visit with spotlight on legacy 
obama ends paris climate visit with spotlight on legacy . 
. ends with a spotlight on his legacy via & 
talks 
obama ends climate talks with spotlight on legacy 
how important is climate change ? majority of republican leaders insist -- " no problem ; be happy ! " 
let's add no more drones/airstrikes to the list while we're at it 
. " i'm not sure i would have gone to the climate summit if i was president today " 
obama wants to make sure that every capitalist country is legally forced into socialist wealth distribution ! 
breaking : if potus , jeb bush " uncertain whether i'd attend " paris would ignore all of our allies ? 
obama ends climate visits with spotlight on legacy 
" legally binding ? " he signed a treaty ? i must have missed that ... . 
obama optimistic about and progress on climate , but gop congress is reminder u.s. committment may not last 
obama : a success at paris talks would be a " legally binding " rule that countries adhere to curbing 
climate talks should include ' legally binding ' mechanism 
obama : climate talks should include ' legally binding ' mechanism 
any " legally-binding " climate pact needs senate approval . right , 
obama warns putin on intervening in syria's civil war - - 
agree 
instead of coercion may i respectfully suggest better choice ? 
yes they should !! they must - for the sake our earth , and ourselves ! 
this is extremely dangerous talk . no country must allow itself to bound this communist agenda . this is the great ... 
says talks should include " legally binding " mechanism but excluded that from nuclear 
' legally binding ' mechanism on carbon reduction required , obama says - 
obama says france's commitment to carbon reduction will be " legally binding " 
obama says initiatives should have ' legally binding ' aspect for countries -- 
obama the fraud : an obscure absentee junior senator is parachuted into the white house & gets the nobel for nothing 
yes , mr. obama now wants to run the world . smh . arrogant . insolent . pretentious . community organizer ? really ? 
all for it 

16 questions we want answered in 

explosion injures 5 near istanbul subway , official says : via 
turkey explosion - cnn international 


ted cruz : most violent felons are democrats 
not hard to find it ; cnn says cruz used a upenn and stanford study to support claim . 
amazing could say that with a straight face ; lookin increasingly as lifeless as 
go ahead tell me again how the gop isn't spreading lies , misinformation and hate . you fucking idiots . 
cruz campaign : ex-felons vote d , so therefore violent criminals are ds 
ted cruz says overwhelming crimes are from democrats he should join in 
this quote is a hoax from a parody site . but many of cruz's real quotes are just as loathsome . 
. most violent felons are democrats via 
but most public corruption felons are republicans ... and that's true ! 
" every time you have some sort of violent crime or mass killing , you could almost see the media salivating ,... 
ted cruz is an asshole . 
most violent felons are democrats yes cuz so many of these felons will go out and vote 
yes , is right that most violent felons are democrats . conservatives & gop need to repeat this truth . 
. tedcruz : most violent felons are democrats via ericbradner 

can the headphone jack survive a thinner iphone ? 
no headphone jack on the next will bluetooth headphones be the norm for future phones ? what do you think ? 
i guess i should include a link for this .... 
i'll be salty if this rumor is true : 
is this really true or just a rumor ? 
the could come without a headphone jack ! 
who still wants that iphone ? 
your next iphone may be missing a headphones jack ! 
no headphone jack for the next iphone ? 
of course apple is : apple reportedly to remove headphone jack on next model of smartphone via 
the iphone 7 may be the death of the headphone jack via 
apple attempting to redesign the headphone jack in order to make slimmer iphone . 
sigh , that would probably be a silly move , iphone . then again , computers survived the removal of a disc drive ... 
would you buy an iphone with no headphone jack ? 
i will scream if they get rid of headphones for the iphone 7 via 
rumours are floating around that the iphone 7 will be slimmer and may not have a headphone jack . 
from cnn tech : if you believe the rumors , your next iphone might come without a headphone ... 
saying goodbye to the headphone jack with 
would you like a cell phone without any headphone jack ? well not me i use a plain and simple earbud and ... 
i wonder if apple is spreading this headphone jack rumor to improve sales 
well if this is true then i'm not getting another iphone after this 
feeling conflicted about this , then again perhaps it is time to cut the chord . 
hey apparently apple is removing the headphone jack in the newer version of the iphones . 
an iphone without a headphone jack ? possibly , if it keeps getting thinner . 
this is more groundbreaking than changing the was we charge devices ... no headphone port ?? ( via ) 
i'm going to be very unhappy if apple decides the best choice for us all is to become that bluetooth dude . 

facebook ceo mark zuckerberg and wife priscilla chan welcome baby daughter . 
zuckeberg , wife pledge to donate 99% of their facebook shares , about $45 billion , to charity . 
mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan welcome new daughter 
congrats mark ! 
rt wow - mark zuckerberg pledges to donate 99% of facebook shares , about $45 billion , to charity . https … 
congrats to the family ! welcome 
facebook's zuckerberg welcomed first born early last week . 
congratulations to mark and priscilla for the birth of their baby girl and for being incredible human beings ! 
wife pledge to donate 99% of their shares , about $45 billion , to charity . 

thank you rosa parks for taking a stand 60 years ago . i wish more people would speak out for things they believe in . 
remembering rosa parks 
rosa parks helped spark a movement 60 years ago . 
" you must never be fearful of what you are doing when it is right " who 60 yrs ago refused to move ! 
today marks the 60th anniversary ! 
60 years later . still remembered . very inspirational ! 
remembering the great rosa parks 
rt remembering rosa parks 
rt 60 years ago today , rosa parks made a decision . thank you mrs parks for changing my life . remembering rosa parks https :/ … 
rt today marks the 60th anniversary of taking a stand for equal rights . http … 
on this day , in 1965 . . . 
rt 60 years ago , today , refused to give up her seat . 
remembering marking the 60th anniversary of her pivotal , defiant act 
60 years ago today rosa parks took a stand . 
today marks the 60th anniversary of rosa parks historical arrest . 
happy 60th anniversary rosa parks ! 
60 years ago today , rosa parks made a mrs parks for changing my life . remembering 
it was only 60 years ago ... unbelievable 
60 years ago today , rosa parks showed us all that one brave person can create a ripple that starts a wave of change . 
on this day in 1955 , rosa parks took a stand for equal rights in montgomery , alabama 
60th anniversary of rosa parks courageous refusal ! 
rosa parks was arrested december 1 , 1955 after refusing to give up her bus seat to a white passenger 
she took a stand by not giving up her seat . 
legacy of rosa parks 

. pastors speak after meeting with " it was a great day " 
trumpian smoke and mirrors – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – – 
. on his meeting with black pastors : " i saw love in that room " 
trump on meeting with black pastors : ' i saw love in that room ' 
rt those pastors actually sold out their congregations for that fool donald trump . 
rt black religious leaders : no trump endorsement 
. " this meeting was amazing " 
rt pastors : we didn't say that , trump 
last night , omarosa was front and center for trump's shenanigans . i wonder how much does a soul cost for these days ? 
rt why & didn't you have a single real black pastor on or … 
. realdonaldtrump on his meeting with black pastors : " i saw love in that room " 
rt black pastors mixed on endorsement 
black pastors do not endorse trump in fact they condemn a ticket based on bigotry 

mystery of china's levitating cars solved - 
mystery of china's levitating cars solved - via 
turns out this video of cars lifting off the ground in china was real . 
in strange news ... " thousands shared the video of the seemingly gravity-defying accident . " 

recognizing says the civil rights struggle " isn't finished " 
clinton says the civil rights struggle ' isn't finished ' . 
rt clinton says the civil rights struggle ' isn't finished ' 
" our work isn't finished , " clinton said about civil rights . " we do have to pay it forward . " 
great read . 

new york times ’ front-page story blanked out in thailand > 
printing plant in thailand whited out front page yarn pointing to that country's sagging economy . 
nyt has front page story blanked out in thailand via 
nyt has front page story blanked out in thailand : the new york times was published in thailand with a front pa ... 
. front pg story blanked out in thailand . bc censorship is def the best way to have people not talk about it 
😶 has front page story blanked out in thailand - cnn 

volkswagen's u.s. sales plunge 25% in wake of emissions scandal 
anyone else surprised it's only 25% ? 
sales drop 25% in november ( for my colleagues ) 
volkswagen's u.s. sales drop 25% in wake of scandal 

history of violence against proves attacks don't stop abortion 
murder , bombings , arson , acid attacks : a brief history of " christian " anti-abortion violence 
a brief history of anti-abortion violence . 
murder , arson , acid attacks : planned parenthood long a target bet all the attackers were church going republicans 
a brief history of violence 

: things to know as it celebrates 50 years 
' a charlie brown christmas ' : things to know as it celebrates 50 years 
' a charlie brown christmas ' marks 50 years 
okay , so in addition to surprising people when i tell them i don't like chocolate , they also lose their minds ... 
a rich christmas tradition 
my tree's not bad at all , really . maybe it just needs a little love 
' a charlie brown christmas ' celebrates 50 years - 
watching a charlie brown christmas and getting tears in my eyes ....... 
almost didn't happen 😱 cbs execs said " we'll play it once and that will be all . good try " 🤔 
' a charlie brown christmas ' : did you know ? 
50 years of charlie brown christmas - pure innocence 
happy 50th anniversary charlie brown ! 
did u know ? the famous monologue about true meaning of christmas was almost cut " -'a charlie brown christmas ' 50 yrs 
' a charlie brown christmas ' celebrates 50 years ( via 
our favorite family christmas tradition-watching this movie with a cup of hot chocolate with marshmallows and a ... 
good grief ! one of my favorite christmas movies turns 50 : 
happy birthday charlie brown('s christmas special ) 

car sales race toward record year 
u.s. car sales remain in high gear , with the industry on track to post record sales 
it's been a great year for the auto industry via 

awesome job guys ! -chris- 
brothers rescue bald eagle , win the internet 
thought this was pretty dope 
the eagle certainly looks happy to have met these two men . 
canadian brothers rescue bald win the internet 
canadian brothers rescue win the internet 
pretty freakin ' cool . that is one huge , and happy , bird ! 
good to see people helping eagles , like this pair who saved a bald eagle : 
rescuing an eagle 
men rescue eagle , win internet 

rt student suspected of threatening to kill people at university of chicago is identified as 21-year-old jabari dean . … 
rt gun violence threat closes university of chicago 
a 21-year-old man was arrested ... 
arrest in threat at university of chicago - 
chicago threat suspect allegedly sought to avenge laquan mcdonald's death . 
arrest in gun violence threat that closed university of chicago campus 
there you go . 
jabari dean accused of threatening to kill 16 white students/staff at u for revenge laquan mcdonald's death 
so question , where are the protesters now ? oh , that's right , we would be racist to protest this . 
student threatened ' white devils ' 
man threatens to kill many white students , teachers and cops over social media to avenge friend's death 
empty threat is amuse . i doubt kid has/had $15-20k in guns . bigger q is how did make bail at $1.5 m ? 
this guy is a terrorist too . he might have ruined his own life with this , but at least he didn't ruin anyone else's . 
this guy was going to kill as many white devils and police as he could himself . 
suspect allegedly threatened to murder " white devils " at university of chicago . 
chicago threat suspect sought to avenge laquan mcdonald's death did political rhetoric lead to this ? 
hey media , how come this monster gets away without the label of being a terrorist ? 
now we have to suffer racist terrorists ? 
the right-wing sewer is going to overflow because a black person threatened to avenge the murder of laquan mcdonald 
in that closed 
chicago thug apprehended ; threatened to kill u of chicago " white devils " : 
jabari dean of chicago arrested for threatening to die killing as many " white devils " and policemen as possible : 

credit suisse gives new parents in u.s. 20 weeks paid leave 
love yr banking career and want children ? credit suisse just upped paid parental leave to 20 wks . 
new parents in u.s. get 20 weeks paid leave here 
20 weeks paid maternity leave and free nannies when you travel . 
wall street routine of rushing back to work days after having a baby may be over soon : 

robbers in panda onesies hit store 
robbers , wearing panda onesies , rob store 
convenience store in england robbed by giant bipedal men : 
you and brian doing a little extra celebrating ? 
nothing worse than a gang pandas in onsies . 

16 questions we want answered in ' star wars : the force awakens ' 
answers we want from ' star wars ' 
where's luke skywalker ? 
16 questions we want answered in the force awakens 
this looks fun ... 
star wars : 16 questions we want answered - 

could donald trump win the gop nomination ? 
could trump win the gop nomination ? 
i just said on yesterday that we need to get un-emotional about this election and stop dismissing ... 
rt by conventional wisdom , should be a has-been — but his campaign is thriving https … 
could trump win nomination ? 
no real competition - - could gop(r)donald trump win the gop nomination ? 
it's not funny anymore 
could win the gop nomination ? 
i find it rather amusing the liberal media and the rest of the gop try their best to prove to the rest of the ... 
insane how someone who is racist , sexist , makes fun of veterans and special needs is leading the presidential race . 
could win the nomination ? says that remains ahead in the polls 
obsesion or fear to , he is again on the headlines for the leftist biased media , 
could he win the gop nomination ? troubling for you leftists , isn't it ? of course he could ! 
great lead to this story : 
donald trump is cashing in on the " silent majority " that could very well propel him to the gop nomination . 
trump could b 1st to win in all 50 states 
rt the million ( billion ? ) dollar question : can win ? via 

not sure what is ? here are the top 5 things you need to know 
starts today in paris until dec 11 . 150 leaders will speak about 
5 things you need to know about cop21 


trump lawyer : never known him to say something inaccurate 
. aide : i've never known him to say something inaccurate 
michael cohen : donald trump has never been wrong . ever . period . 
trump aide : never known him to say something inaccurate 
i'm sorry but no one on this earth is completely right 24/7 , and donald trump surely isn't . 
gotta post this again . has a gr8 memory until he's asked if he remembers the reporter 
40/50 greatest troll job , ever , or pure ignorance ? 
donald trump aide : never known him to say something inaccurate 
donald trump aide : wow ! never known him to say something inaccurate - 
interesting portion of the interview 
. had a perplexing interview with on today's episode of the lead 

this industry is getting too dirty for wall street : via 
wall street cuts lending to coal 
wall street cuts lending to coal . glad to hear ! 
the dow jones u.s. coal index has lost a stunning 95% of its value since july 2011 . wall street cuts lending to coal 
big banks will stop lending to the coal industry . 
wall street cuts lending to coal december 01 - cnnmoney 
this industry is getting too dirty for wall street : via mattmegan5 
the crumbling industry is getting too dirty for wall street to touch : 

christie on trump's 9/11 claims : ' it's just wrong ' . 
. on 9/11 claims : " it's just wrong " via 
. hits on 9/11 , mocking reporter but still supports him over 
-who thinks is " addictive gateway drug " - on trump's 9/11 claims : ' it's just wrong ' 
. " laughable " for to lecture on national security 
christie gets kudos for standing up to the orchestrated mal-factual trump . 4 a smart 
1st hand experience w/ christie - poor job in new jersey - never here & more interested in himself than nj ... 
. on mocking of disabled reporter : " it's just not worthy of someone running for president " 

take a tour of the sets of gotham 
exploring the extraordinary sets of 
rt exploring the extraordinary sets of 
is trending : 
loving those sets on click here for more : 
rt what i learned exploring the amazing sets of 
thanks on the set 
check out the set of and watch the season finale tonight ! 

chicago mayor emanuel says he's asked for resignation of police superintendent mccarthy . 
chicago mayor rahm emanuel outs garry mccarthy as police commissioner of the windy city . 
chicago mayor asks for police superintendent's resignation - 
chicago mayor asks police superintendent to resign - 
breaking chicago mayor asks for police superintendent's resignation 
who will fire the mayor ? | mayor asks for police superintendent's resignation 
you fire someone else . 
chicago mayor fires police chief ! 
chicago mayor to announce police accountability task force - 
mayor asks police superintendent's resignation after seeing footage of laquan mcdonald's killing . 
rt chicago mayor emmanuel asks for police superintendent's resignation don't forget to submi … 
and here is step 1 of saving himself . as mayor he is responsible too . 
people of chicago may ask for their mayor's resignation while he asks for police chief's resignation 
keep up the public pressure - it's working ! 
the people of chicago should fire emanuel . 
chicago police chief fired in wake of teen's shooting 
superintendent garry mccarthy is out amid controversy over an officer's shooting of 17 year old 
illinois attorney general asks for federal investigation of chicago police department 

at&t raises price for grandfathered unlimited data plans - 
raises price for grandfathered unlimited plans 
been tempted by the international offerings by and this move by makes it more tempting 
what do you think of move to increase grandfathered unlimited data plans ? at 
yeah , this price increase affects my unlimited at&t data plan for my ipad ( a plan i've held onto ever since my ... 
at&t is raising the price of its unlimited data plans 
it's the end of the world as we know it ... for at&t 
y'all ain't shit at 
at&t raises price for unlimited data plans : time to ditch " think metro , think elite " 
raises price for grandfathered plans 
you'll have to pry my unlimited data from my cold , dead hands ! at&t raises price for grandfathered unlimited data : 
at&t raises price for gradfathered unlimited data plans : 
at&t is raising the price of unlimited data plans 

cyber monday's most out-of-stock items 
the most out-of-stock items on 

. the " condom police " and 7 more colorful quips via 
ted cruz , the ' condom police ' and more colorful quips 
ted cruz : ' we don't have a rubber shortage in america . ' 
ted cruz , the ' condom police ' and 7 more colorful quips 

cnn reports about climate change " never had the stakes been so high " let's see what will help change the earth ! 
world leaders opened pivotal climate talks monday in paris , saying the stakes are too high to end the conference ... 
despicable : members of are working to end protections against species . 
what does really mean ? is an annual forum ( conference of parties ) to address the issue of climate ... 
stakes never been so high up for the challenge ? support solutions 
" never have the stakes been so high " 
french president francois hollande : " never have the stakes been so high " 
russian president vladimir putin promised a 70% reduction in emissions from 1990 levels by 2030 . 
cop 21 is underway ! and " never have the stakes been so high " 
paris climate change conference kicks off 
once again , so very proud of obama joining world leaders facing real climate issues over the cowardly deniers 
today i " m grateful to all of you who choose local and organic food because i know together we are part of the ... 
summit : ' never have the stakes been so high ' 
' never have the stakes been so high ' via - it's time everyone pays attention , not just leaders ! 
rt climate change summit : ' never have the stakes been so high ' via 
rt summit : ' never have the stakes been so high ' 
" the future of the planet , the future of life " : important time in discussions about climate change 
cop21 : ' never have the stakes been so high ' - 
cop 21 climate change summit : ' never have the stakes been so high ' - cnn 
rt cop21 has begun ! never have the stakes been so high via 
climate change is killing our sex drive too .. well that explains everything ! 
" a political moment like this may not come again , " u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon told leaders gathered for ... 
big conference on climate change , taking place in paris . french president francois hollande noted that " never ... 
another climate summit , another session of inflated rhetoric . * yawn * 
" peaceful protesters had placed rows of shoes and name tags to represent the crowds not allowed to show up " : 
has started with hopes that the world will restore " balance between humanity and nature . " 
rt ya think ? : protesters throwing memorial candles at police showed " an extreme lack of respect " 
clashes in paris a day before us-china climate change sit-down - 
what's going on at the climate change summit in paris today ? 
is trending : 
150 nations reps attend cop21 ; tackle climate change global political level 
an update from the first day of the conference in paris 
" a political moment like this may not come again . " climate change conference in paris begins today . 

. went to florida looking for casinos . instead , this gator got his name : 
here's how this alligator came to be named after 
a tale of two donald trumps , man and alligator 
please enjoy this fantastic / yarn on an alligator in florida named after 
" those people better look out because he might chew em and spit em out " " killer " story from 
i went to florida w/ to meet donald trump . no , not this one : 
is ... an alligator ?! -- - 
there are two donald trumps in this world . meet the second : 
tale of 2 trumps , man and alligator 
. met an alligator named donald trump . peak florida . 
" trump -- deemed too dangerous to live alongside other gators -- now lives in isolation ... " via 
sometimes you call a man about donald trump & he thinks you're talking about a gator . so ... you go to florida : 
" standing just outside the pen where trump — deemed too dangerous to live alongside other gators ... " 

hey stop by cnn & facebook's today and film a question for 
hey stop by cnn & facebook's today & film a question for 
hey college of charleston ! cnn and facebook are by 71 george street today to hear from you ! come by the ... 
cnn : rt cnnpolitics : hey cofc ! stop by cnn & facebook's today & film a question for … 

help fight aids and win a chance to ride bicycles in central park with u2's bono : 
let us know what you guys think ! would you bike or smoke for a great cause ? aids bike with bono , smoke with snoop 
charity offers chance to bike with or smoke with snoop dogg show us some love 
aids charity offers chance to bike with bono - 

officer who shot tamir rice , 12 , releases statement , says he saw a " real and active " threat . 
cop who shot boy : threat was ' real ' 
shooting : officer says threat was " real and active " 
tamir rice death : officer's statements released - 
being a criminal &/or using a gun is dangerous . u might end up dead ? shocking , you'd have to tell sheeple that ? 
here's an idea -- stop putting yourself in situations where getting shot is a high likelihood 
i call bullshit ! rt officer who shot tamir rice releases statement , says he saw a " real and active " threat . 
rt rt officer who shot tamir rice , 12 releases statement , saw a " real & active " threat http … 

isn't condom police- 
jiminy cricket ? 
verifiably false : 
rt . on condoms : " last i checked we don't have a rubber shortage " 
. the gop is not the " condom police " via 
" i have never met anybody , any who wants to ban 
cruz says gop isn't the " condom police , " ignoring that many " pro-lifers " categorize the pill as abortifacient : 
cruz : " hillary clinton embraces abortion on demand in all circumstances up until the moment of birth . " 
" last i checked we don't have a rubber shortage in america . " - response to condom police nickname . 
there's a difference between trying to discredit a politician and being an asshole when running for office 
isn't " condom police " cruz uses the playbook . accuse opponent of what u do . that is lie&use fear ! 
they obviously aren't the corrupt politician police either . 
so that explains how he could've had 17 kids ... 
cruz rejects ' war on women ' with condom quip 
" condom police " sounds like a weird al cover of a radiohead song that just went too far . 
ahaha , glad to see somebody put this in perspective . gop isn't ' condom police ' 
this is a social issue 
not reminds voters ' not condom police ' via 
yes felicio gop is not the condom police those are for men , but birth control pills you know the kind women take ... 
gaw . if it weren't for lies , would be effectively mute . 
during a stop in iowa , cruz accused clinton of falsely attacking the gop as " the condom police . " cruz added : ... 
ted cruz talks contraception in iowa : " last i checked we don't have a rubber shortage in america . " 
ted cruz on condoms : "" last i checked we don't have a rubber shortage in america . " 
rt ted cruz : no , the gop isn't the condom police great way to deal with the ' war on women ' narrat … 
: isn't " we don't have a rubber shortage in america . " 
condom police is the name of my new band 
wait , didn't he just attend an event literally overflowing jesus freaks who want to ban contraception ? 
ted cruz : isn't condom police you just lie so incessantly ... it's embarrassing . 
says gop not " the condom police . " by 
. i have never met anybody , any conservative who wants to ban contraceptives . http : 
rt " when i was in college we had a machine in the bathroom , you put . 50 cents in and voila ! " -ted cruz via https … 

i've got another little piece up today on truth/lies in a digital media environment 
really like what says here . our behavioral norms and social literacy need to adapt quickly . 
why do politicians get away with lying ? 
a great roundup of ideas regarding human perception , social media , and truth . 
why support trump despite his lies ? 
do politicians get away with lying -- and why ? several contributors weigh in 

a us marine is found guilty of killing a transgender woman . 
marine guilty of killing transgender - 
u.s. marine found guilty of killing transgender woman in philippines 
why do news reorts mention the killer's occupation when it doesn't really matter ? u.s. marine found guilty 

. jokes taxes gave a hernia 
. jokes that taxes gave a hernia via 
" you want to go a step further than waterboarding ? cause i'm ok with that , too . " is exactly the kind of freedom ... 
trump jokes taxes gave sanders a hernia 
so presidential . 🙈 
donald trump jokes taxes gave bernie sanders a hernia 
. , spits facts at liberal media on lies/spin spread about the don making fun of reporter andradicals 
another day , another opportunity for trump to embarrass himself 

holiday lights and gadgets are slowing your wi-fi 
holiday lights and gadgets are killing your 
what's killing your home 
holiday lights are killing your wi-fi 
and gadgets are killing your wi-fi > | 
having problems with your it could be all those you put up ! here are a few ... 
the surprising things messing with your 
your christmas lights may be slowing down your wifi connection . 
holiday lights , gadgets are killing your wi-fi and 3 ways to fix it - cnnmoney 
jackie , things to think about when we met be the router/modem . 
the downside of led and cfl lights , especially christmas lights . wreaks havoc with too . 
rt holiday lights and gadgets are killing your 
the surprising things that are messing with your wi-fi - cnnmoney 
if you want to make your wifi more faster at home ... 
very good wifi interference advice in your article ( android app won't load on v 6.0 , says 4+ . 
who knew ???? 
what does planned parenthood do ? via its 2015 do i need my router on a table by itself 4 better sevice 
if you want super-fast wi-fi in your home , you may want to turn off your christmas lights : 
oh no ! you got your holiday decorations all over my wifi ! 
lights and are killing your - cnn 
the things messing with your wi-fi . ( via cnn ) 

are still in via 
america's poor are still heavily in debt ... 
too many people with too much explains why the middle class may be " eroding " 
morgan stanley says the middle class is " eroding . " 
america's poor are still drowning in via 
debt can be a dark over your head that never seems to leave . call debt relief law today and the bright ... 
making ends meet can be a challenge , especially during the if mounting has you worried , then ... 
are in via 
doesn't have to consume your life any longer . stop the collection calls by speaking with our 
poor have big debt levels , while wealthy are cutting 
america's poor and middle class are still heavily in debt 
american poor more debt strapped than ever when compared to their more affluent brethren . 
it's that time of year when are encouraged to spend big on others and on themselves . wealthy ... 

cast records birthday wishes for dying fan 
" in a world where my father's own oncologist could use a lesson in human kindness and compassion , we found a ... 
continues to be the best tv show ever : 
some people keep on giving even after the lights go off kudos seinfeld cast records birthday wishes 4 dying fan 
seinfeld cast records birthday wishes for a dying fan 
the trends on facebook are usually worthless , except for today . saw this story and loved it . 
these seinfeld actors have huge hearts , esp . who intuited exactly what a parent wants to hear 
nice to know cool people are still out there .... 
seinfeld cast makes birthday videos for 67 year old dying fan . 
very nice 
that's gold ! : cast did this for dad : 


paul ryan : state of the union address january 12 
. last state of the union will be on january 12 , 2016 
ryan announces obama's last state of the union 
rt cnnpolitics : . speakerryan : potus ' last state of the union will be on january 12 , 2016 

express scripts partners with maker of $1 turing alternative 
express scripts partners with maker of $1 turing alternative december 01 - cnnmoney 
something sensible ... 
cheaper alternative to the well-known turing pharmaceutical product 
express scripts partners with maker of $1 turing alternative - cnn 
express scripts partners with the maker of $1 turing alternative : $immy 
new $1 alternative for infection-fighting drug whose prices increased by 5000% 
rt express scripts partners with maker of $1 turing alternative 

republicans get wise regarding planned parenthood . 
a little common sense for a change .. 
" i do not see a shutdown happening " over planned parenthood , mccarthy says 
. mccarthy : there won't be a shutdown over planned parenthood 
republicans not ready to force shutdown over planned parenthood 
. kevin mccarthy : there won't be a shutdown over planned parenthood 
not ready to force shutdown over planned parenthood , suck it freedom caucus ! 
republicans are not ready to force a shutdown over planned parenthood 
gop not ready to force shutdown over planned parenthood 
gop not ready for shutdown over planned parenthood 
house gop leader : no shutdown over planned parenthood 
' there won't be any government shutdown over taxpayer funding for planned parenthood , ' 
hey ! thanks for representtin ' gop ! mccarthy : no shutdown over planned parenthood funding . 
gop leader says no shutdown over planned parenthood , but hints budget deal could take until dec 18 

report : support for isis in the u.s. reaches unprecedented level . 
isis related arrests in united states 2014 : 15 2015 : 56 
study : unprecedented support for isis in the u.s. 
study : unprecedented support for the in the u.s. 
rt obama's legacy : support for isis in u.s. at " unprecedented level , " w/several thousand u . s . -based sympathizers : … 
rt . piece on our report 
only 19 of 71 ( 27%) americans arrested for isis-related offenses were plotting to carry out an attack in america 
shut up fear monger article . these numbers are almost nil . study : unprecedented support for in the u.s. 

u.s. marine found guilty of killing transgender woman 
rt u.s. found guilty of killing woman in 
acts like this confuse me as to why someone would act like this 
here we go 
rt u.s. marine found guilty of killing transgender woman - 
only 12 years ? wtf ? 
justice served . u.s. marine found guilty of killing transgender woman 
scott pemberton's actions of murder are a direct reflection of the hate and lack of tolerance existing in our ... 
gets 12 years in killing of woman 
sickening 😩 
marine gets 12 years in killing of transgender woman 
a well-deserved verdict . 
there's no justification for taking anyone's life , however , transgenders also need to disclose their " situation " . 
u.s. marine found guilty of killing woman in philippines 
us marine strangles transgendered filipino woman and leaves body in toilet 
u.s. marine guilty of killing transgender 
sentenced to up to 12 years . for murdering a human being . 

what on earth was thinking ? my wheelchair is my reality , not your fashion statement . 
but seriously must you use “ tone deaf ” as metaphor for ignorance about disabilities ? deaf ≠ insensitive . 
is not doing people with any favors . 
just in time famous model from overexposed family ( mis)appropriates wheelchair iconography . 
disability advocates rip kylie jenner wheelchair shoot 
disability advocates rip kylie jenner wheelchair photo shoot . 
wheelchairs aren't accessories , nor are disabilities fashion statements . 
the fashion industry treats people with disabilities terribly , but a wheelchair photoshoot is cool ? double standard . 
. associate director emily beitiks rips wheelchair photo shoot via 
this bs does not a good role model make . 
just sexual objects jeopardizing real 
our associate director on quoted about kylie jenner's wheelchair photo shoot : 
this really bothers me … i mean strikes a cord .. i am disappointed and disgusted .. i happen to be the mom of an edgy ,... 
disability advocates rip wheelchair photo shoot 
trash . 
it's exactly why you think . 
disability advocates are ripping kylie jenner for her wheelchair photo shoot . 
are you kidding me ? 😖 a sex doll in a wheelchair . advocates rip kylie jenner 
i'm confused , perplexed and concerned about the message you are attempting to send 😕 with this : 
kardashian/jenner family has always been & will always be idiots disability advocatesrip kyliejenner wheelchairphoto 
ok so someone gonna get mad .... but oh well . i don't like any of the k-klan but .... and i know this was not her ... 
excrutiatingly bad taste , but what do you expect from a jenner/kardashian ? 
disability advocates et al rip kylie jenner wheelchair photo shoot 

joey & rory share dance as she battles terminal cancer . their story breaks my heart . sending love to fellow hoosiers 
. share a last dance as she battles stage 4 cancer 
god bless joey & rory . story is bitter sweet . i wish the family lots of strength 
joey + rory dance as she battles cancer so sad . 😳 pls flock , tweets of 🙏 & 💜 2 this angelic-brave woman & family . 
what courage you have to share your story with the world . joey feek battles stage 4 cancer 
rt . share a last dance as she battles stage 4 cancer 
joey + rory share a last dance as she battles cancer - 

rudy giuliani : some new york muslims celebrated 9/11 , but donald trump ' exaggerating ' 
rudy giuliani : donald trump ' exaggerating ' 9/11 claims - - 
you know it's getting bad for when even who was mayor on 9/11 is saying he's lying 
giuliani : donald trump ' exaggerating ' on 9/11 
trump = exaggeration 
in fascist fact-checking news , rudolph guiliani corrects donald trump on muslim pro-9/11 supporters . 
when says you're exaggerating something about 9/11 , you're reallyyyyy exaggerating . 
why is not getn called for what he his , a liar giuliani embarrasses himself defending 
donald trump gives americans a bad name 
rudy giuliani : some new york muslims did celebrate 9/11 , but donald trump is ' exaggerating ' 
giuliani says some new york muslims celebrated 9/11 , but trump claim of thousands " exaggerating " ( via 
rudy giuliani tells some new york muslims celebrated 9/11 , but donald trump ‘ exaggerating ' 

" we're not putting american combat troops back into syria or iraq , " yes ! 
. " i want russia ' at the table ' on syria " 
rt . " i want russia ' at the table ' on syria " 
clinton says she wants russia " at the table " on syria & would " welcome " them getting into the fight . via 
. says she wants russia “ at the table ” in syria : 
hillary clinton wants russia ' at the table ' on syria . 

u.s. sending " specialized expeditionary targeting force " to iraq , defense secretary says . 
carter sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq - 
u.s. ' targeting ' force going to iraq 
" a u.s. official tells cnn that decision means that there will be additional u.s. special operation forces on the ... 
steps up on 
us putting more troops on the ground in iraq 
obama sending more troops to iraq , " a specialized expeditionary targeting force . " 
us sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq 
hiding in plain sight of the english language dod sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq 
more us boots on the ground in iraq , ready to conduct war in syria . - def secretary ash carter . 
ash carter sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' 2 iraq call it what it is- boots on ground . hypocrisy 
secretary of defense , ash carter , officially sends troops to iraq to fight isis , 
looks like is trying to play goldilocks with how many ground troops are just right in 
president obama sending troops to iraq . i hope he's got a viable plan to actually , you know , defeat them ... 
u.s. military sending " a specialized expeditionary targeting force " to iraq 
helping in the fight the u.s. will send " specialized targeting force " to iraq 
' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq go get them boys ... god bless america 
" it puts everyone on notice . you don't know at night who is going to be coming into the window . " ash carter 
more u.s. going to to fight 
defense secty carter announces new " specialized expeditionary targeting force " in iraq to battle isis - 
carter sending ' specialized ' force to iraq ???? 
defense secretary says u.s. military sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq ( via 
sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq " to assist iraqi/kurdish permerga soldiers " 

the mayor of alaska's capital was found dead just weeks after he took office . 
mayor of juneau , alaska , found dead - - 
mysterious death of newly elected juneau mayor greg fisk , was heavily involved in fisheries and fishing . 
mayor of juno found dead . if you look as his positions you may figure out why ! alaska is the last america ! 
mayor found dead .. mayor of alaska's capital has been found dead , rumors that he was assaulted ... 
mayor of , found dead ; police address rumors 
mayor of alaska's capital found dead just weeks after taking office 
mayor dies weeks after taking office 
rumors of assault linked to death of mayor of juneau , alaska . 
rt ( cnn)just weeks after he took office , the mayor of alaska's capital has been found dead , prompting a flurry of ... … 

u.n. climate chief countries acting for economy , not planet 
ocean sciences article of the day - u.n. climate chief : countries act for economy , not planet ( cnn ) 
un climate chief : countries acting for economic self-interest , not planet bingo . see : 
$$$ trumps mother earth “ u.n. climate chief : countries acting for economy , not planet ” 
u.n. : nations acting for economy , not planet 
economy or the planet ? what's the driver ? 

more clinton emails released ... 
some of hillary clinton's benghazi-related emails released 
more emails released : 
god only knows what else she is lying about . 
some of clinton's benghazi-related emails released 
more of hillary clinton's benghazi-related emails release . tells chelsea one thing ; americans another . 
hillary emailed chelsea the truth , the night of the arrack , and then told the country a political fabrication ... 
. releases some of related emails 
released clinton emails : " you tell your family it's a terrorist attack , but not the american people . " 
some of clinton’s benghazi-related emails released 
she is a and should not be allowed to run for president . oh yeh you dems dont care . 
lies and more lies 
some of clinton's emails released 
state department releases additional clinton emails 
more of released 
clinton emails that had classified info nears 1,000 . told family benghazi was terror attack , then lied to public 
. released some of related emails 

did francis tackle all the right issues ? - cnn 

" we must continue to drive research into newer , better treatments . " 
white house hopefuls mark world aids day 
👼 upstate organizations raising awareness ahead of world aids day - wspa ❤❤ 👵👼 
👶 world aids day events dec # 1 - fox 2 detroit 👶 ❤❤❤ ❤❤❤ 👮 
let's commit 2 an generation 
upstate organizations raising awareness ahead of world aids day - wspa 👦 😰 
" we must do everything possible to get people the medicine they need , " 

the burned van of two australian surfers has been found in sinaloa , mexico . 
grave fears for missing australian surfers 
their bodies have been found burned beyond recognition inside their van in sinaloa , mexico . 
missing surfers : remains found 
grave fears for australian surfers missing in mexico 
completely heartbreaking . they were hitting mine (& hubby's ) missing ; van found burned 
surfers missing ; van found burned 
surfers missing ; van found burned why in the fuck do white peoples go to mexico , never fails . 
time , & again foreigners go missing in & turned up dead . why would i ever want to visit there ! 
surfers ' families fear worst after burned van found in by 
if there were 2 bodies in the van , the surfer-dudes r dead . gf , don't spend yrs thinking a surfer was gonna propose . 

obama warns on intervening in syria's civil war 
obama tells putin he will give him such a slap if putin intervenes in syria's civil war 
obama gives orders to putin | warns putin on intervening in syria's civil war 
obama warns putin on intervening in syria ???? 
obama warns putin on syria 
" the beauty , the joy , the life , the culture , the people , the diversity . that's going to win out every time . " 
obama warns putin on interfering in syria's civil war . 
hey barry , draw da line in the sand man . scare the snot out of em ! 
obama warns putin on intervening in civil war - 
obama warns putin of intervening in syrian civil war 
the beauty , joy , life , culture , people , and the diversity . that's going to win out every time . " -obama 
rt warns russian president vladimir putin against intervening in syria's civil war 
president barack obama warned his russian counterpart tuesday against intervening in syria's civil war ,... 
obama warned putin against intervening in syria's civil war . yeah , stay our , syria is our foreign state to ... 
warns on intervening in civil war 
barack obama " warns " vladimir putin , waxes on about russia is filling the void & talks ... 
. warns vladimir putin against intervening in syria's civil war via 
as putin takes lead in syria , obama warns him not to get involved in an " inconclusive and paralyzing civil " conflict 
obama the pro terrorist coward lying piece of shit warns putin a real man on intervening in syria's civil war 
warns putin on syria , another red line , obama has absolutely no credibility in the world . 
irony & hypocrisy u.s. president : russia shouldn't intervene in syrian civil war 
rt . warns vladimir putin against intervening in syria's civil war via http … 
. potus warns vladimir putin against intervening in syria's civil war via kevinliptakcnn 
rt " vive la france , " says in closing at his news conference in paris … 
i just love this guy . i love the condescending tone . he's right . 
bro you're like a month late for this 

new hampshire union leader endorses ... | 
union leader in n.h. endorses chris christie as " right for these dangerous times . " 
union leader no longer good picking gop nominees endorses christie . about worst on for . pol . 
why would a nh newspaper endorse someone who is so far behind and unlikely to get the nomination ? 
this endorsement used to be significant . now it's like all other newspaper endorsements . 
the biggest paper in nh just endorsed christie ! re-upping my piece on christie-mentum 

