state department issues worldwide travel alert - 
rt state department issues worldwide travel alert 
. issues a worldwide travel alert via 
since i have so many friends who travel . i don't remember the us issuing a " worldwide " travel alert before . 
us state dept issues worldwide alert ( by 
hows that trip going ? safe travels ! 







16 people shot by thugs in new orleans in 1 nite and we r worried about isis ? go figure ! 
multiple people injured after shooting at new orleans park . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park 
" police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout " at bunny friend park " hundreds of witnesses " 😞 
more 
17 injured in new orleans shooting 
if you see nothing , explain how you are not part of the problem . 
i love my hometown . stop the violence . 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in new orleans 
breaking news that just occurred in louisiana 
what's up with 
why are mass shooting becoming so popular ? 16 dead at a music video shoot . 
16 injured in new orleans shooting 
shooting in new orleans leaves many injured 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in 😔 
new orleans it would be astonishing to go a day or two without killings 
of course the people were not terrified and this is not terrorism 
the shooting at a new orlean park left 16 injured . 700 ppl were gathered at the park 
shooting breaks out at new orleans park notice how the medea neglects to say the word black . 
this upsets me . senseless shootings need to stop shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in neworleans 
it looks like new orleans has become the " wild , wild , west " !!! 
16 injured in at a playground : 
shootings everywhere ! make it stop ! 
police seek witnesses after 17 people were injured in shooting at crowded new orleans park 



" within five years we could be in five or six countries in africa ... this is the hottest new market in the world . " 
your favorite brands are launching in africa 
your favorite brands are launching in africa : starbucks is one of the big u.s. brands that is breaking into th ... 
would want to watch the trend in with krispy kreme and dunkins now launching in africa - cnn 
africa is becoming an emerging market for lots of american brands to enter via 
money cnn companies africa starbucks krispy kreme hm dunkin donuts index 
some of your favorite brands have big plans for africa 
big brands including starbucks , krispy kreme , dunkin donuts and h&m are launching in africa as they chase profits in emerging markets 





a compelling portrait . from squeegee boy to college professor , d . watkins escaped ' the beast ' of 
escaped ' the beast ' of baltimore 
great article on the inner city .... and going on to success .... enjoy 
cool article . 
great feature on on check it out here - ' the beast side ' is available now 
from crack dealer to professor : few people can offer d . watkins ’ perspective on baltimore 


perspectives on 
the sooner we're able to wean ourselves off our dirty & dangerous addiction to fossil fuels , the better off we'll be 
there's no one perfect climate target : just like there's no magic number of cigarettes we can smoke and still be ok . 
can we avoid climate apocalypse ? 
can we avoid climate apocalypse ? ( opinion ) . com 
nancy harris of on why need to be high on the agenda at 
" try solar but my op-ed says " don't try it , research it ! " hype triumphs , 
can we avoid apocalypse ? ( 2/2 ) 
can we avoid apocalypse ? by ( 1/2 ) 
can we avoid apocalypse ? several views via 

house speaker says america can balance compassion and safety w/ refugees : 
. on refugees , balance compassion and safety 
on balance compassion and safety 
. on refugees , balance compassion and safety via 
paul ryan : on refugees , balance , safety , compassion 
house passed american safe act . background check 
. speakerryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety vi … 
essay by - balance security & compassion in addressing 
. cnn op-ed : " on refugees , balance safety , compassion " 
based on ' logic ' , we should avoid anything/anyone that ' might be a threat ' . like 
paul ryan : on humans , balance compassion and safety - cnn international 
a great read for your monday morning . insight on the refugee program from a man that should know , 
new op-ed by on " on refugees , balance compassion and safety " 

