paris terror attack suspect believed to have escaped to syria 
remaining suspect may have escaped to how did that happen ? via 
may be in 
paris terrorist may be in syria 
rt french intel believes paris attack suspect salah abdeslam has made his way back to syria 
paris terror attacks - 
paris suspect believed in syria 
new details emerge about the suspect salah abdeslam and his possible whereabouts . 
paris terror suspect may have escaped to syria 
did help suspect escape to obama/mccain/kristol controlled " rebel " ? 
paris terror attack suspect believed to be in syria 

. u.s. helped create climate change problem and will help fix it . 
leaders arrive in paris for climate conference 
" obama and other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference . " 
the outcome of this summit will impact our lives & lives of future generations to come . don't let us down ! 
a delayed identification lead 
paris anarchists threw the candles from memorial at police . wow , just ... wow . 
leaders in paris for climate conference show me the data !!!! show me the facts !! not some stupid " model " ! 
world leaders climate conference all of these scientist receiving govt . money to pay their bills ? thank you . 
french police and protestors clash amidst international climate change meeting 
attacked by terrorists 2 weeks ago and the french are clashing with police about not being able to protest . smdh 
world leaders paris climate conference no more models ! give the people factual data !! lord monckton rules !! 
police and protesters clash in paris 
starts tomorrow !! obama , other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference 
admitting state of emergency power not only 4 terrorists but 4 " troubling " environmental activists 
arrive in for 
leaders due in paris for cop21 climate change conference - 
police and protesters clash in as world leaders arrive for climate conference 
leaders due in paris for cop21 climate change meeting - 
jeez , as if the paris police don't have enough to deal with . why protest attempts to deal with climate change ? cnn 
despite all the violence by warmists , they were mostly peaceful or something 
warmists pelt police with , wait , candles ? seriously ? 
radical climate protesters pelted french police with candles stolen from paris attack memorials 
' scandalous ' scuffles at climate talks 
i found the story highlights to be helpful in this article as well as the use of tweets and twitter pictures : 
if you have ever held ur breath u know its not very fun climate conference 
wake up , tell ur government 2 stop spraying the sky w/ chemtrails , which contribute to change climate by force . 
world leaders in for major conference 
, other leaders due in for major conference 
150 leaders due in for major conference 
obama , other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference change 

isis chief's ex-wife released in lebanon-al nusra prisoner swap -jlt 
lebanon releases estranged ex-wife of isis chief in prisoner swap with al qaeda affiliate , official says . 
lebanon releases isis chief's ex-wife in swap 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( lebanon releases estranged ex-wife of isis chief in prisoner swap with al ... 

rt sentences poet to death on blasphemy charges : apostasy , insulting the prophet , spreading atheism … 
rt saudi arabia - freedom of speech is the song of liberty . show the world your compassion . … 
retweeted jared leto ( saudi arabia - freedom of speech is the song of liberty . show the world your ... 
outrage over saudi death sentence for poet on blasphemy charges 
stop bying oil and stop fueling fanaticism with billions of dollars 
saudi court has sentenced poet to death on blasphemy charges 
outrage over death sentence for poet . 
our good friend saudi arabia , of course . 
hundreds of writers around the world have joined human rights groups in urging saudi arabia to release a poet who ... 
worldwide criticism over saudi death sentence for palestinian poet over blasphemy/apostasy charges 
sentenced to death because of his opinion . - outrage over saudi death sentence for poet - 

superintendent garry mccarthy is out amid controversy over an officer's shooting of 17 year old 
rt chicago mayor emanuel says he's asked for resignation of police superintendent mccarthy . … 
rt the mayor should resign as well . captain goes down with the ship . … 
yearlong cover-up , missing/destroyed evidence , more than the chief need to go ... 
chicago mayor asks for police superintendent's resignation 
firing him is a good start bc under his watch chicago police have been ridiculous . but honestly it seems like ... 
asks if trust [ in chicago ] can be restored ... maybe after the rahm emanuel resigns ... 
rt chicago mayor emmanuel asks for police superintendent's resignation don't forget to submi … 
every police officer that lied about the shooting should be fired . send a message 
cnn-chicago mayor asks for police superintendent ( garry mccarthy's ) resignation 
let me get this straight ... deval patrik , the guy who pinned a medal on the cops who murdered denis reynoso , is ... 
breaking news : chiefs fired ! should the mayor be removed as well ?? 
governor deval patrick wifi head-up oversight of committee ... 
chicago police chief fired in wake of teen's shooting 
chicago police superintendent asked to resign 
no mayor we want your resignation too ! you approve the cover-up so you could stay in office . 
chicago mayor fired chief of police and asks for police superintendent's resignation 
rt chicago mayor will announce tuesday the creation of a task force on police accountability , his office says . … 
chicago mayor to announce police accountability task force - 
cnn should stop using former nypd cop as an analyst on stories that include police violance and african-american ... 
chicago mayor asks police superintendent to resign - 
chicago mayor emmanuel asks for police superintendent's resignation don't forget to submit your own rahm 
chicago police chief is fired ... now the mayor should fire himself & anita alvarez 

the way pilots responded to technical malfunction resulted in crash of air asia flight investigators say . 
rt rt the way pilots responded to technical malfunction resulted in crash of air ... http … 
pilot needs to response has to be given in split second , otherwise it can have drastic result . 

basking in union support , clinton rolls out infrastructure plan 
“ get your sledgehammers ready . we’ve got a glass ceiling to demolish ” 
rt . to pitch plan to spend $350 billion on infrastructure via … 
rt jobs . community improvement . jobs basking in union support , clinton rolls out infrastructure plan 
rt does anyone else seem to be rolling out detailed policy plans ? c'mon boys ... 
rt basking in union support , rolls out her infrastructure plan 
hillary clinton’s plan for infrastructure : make businesses pay for it ( via 
. rolls out her plan to increase federal investment by $275b over the next 5 yrs : 
basking in union support , rolls out infrastructure plan . 

pres . obama on shooting : " this just doesn't happen in other countries . " 
shooting suspect appears in court 
no bond for accused planned parenthood shooter 
rt shooting suspect due in court has the latest . … 
damn this guy is ugly ! too bad his mother did not abort him !! 
planned parenthood shooting suspect made his first court appearance 
have blood on their hands for inciting using lying videos 
read how passive the language is describing dear . 
so you kill people because you are pro life ? that makes sense .... 
rt blame carly fiorina for the terrorist in colorado . 

body of downed russian pilot back in ... | 
rt body of shot down russian pilot in custody of turkish authorities . 
body of downed pilot back in russia - 
u.s. , differ on shootdown : 
of downed russian pilot back in russia - cnn 
rt downed pilot's body returned to russia 
u.s. , russia differ on shootdown 

mayor of juneau , alaska , found dead - - 
mayor of juno found dead . if you look as his positions you may figure out why ! alaska is the last america ! 
the mayor of alaska's capital was found dead just weeks after he took office . 
mayor found dead .. mayor of alaska's capital has been found dead , rumors that he was assaulted ... 
mayor of , found dead ; police address rumors 
mayor of alaska's capital found dead just weeks after taking office 
mayor dies weeks after taking office 
rumors of assault linked to death of mayor of juneau , alaska . 
( cnn)just weeks after he took office , the mayor of alaska's capital has been found dead , prompting a flurry of ... 
serial season 3 anyone ? 
rt newly elected mayor found dead ! 

sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to 
secretary of defense , ash carter , officially sends troops to iraq to fight isis , 
looks like is trying to play goldilocks with how many ground troops are just right in 
carter sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq - 
i like it-get em ! carter sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq - 
president obama sending troops to iraq . i hope he's got a viable plan to actually , you know , defeat them ... 
rt ash carter sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq 
u.s. military sending " a specialized expeditionary targeting force " to iraq 
helping in the fight the u.s. will send " specialized targeting force " to iraq 
u.s. ' targeting ' force going to iraq 
' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq go get them boys ... god bless america 
" it puts everyone on notice . you don't know at night who is going to be coming into the window . " ash carter 
more u.s. going to to fight 
defense secty carter announces new " specialized expeditionary targeting force " in iraq to battle isis - 
carter sending ' specialized ' force to iraq ???? 
defense secretary says u.s. military sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq ( via 
sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq " to assist iraqi/kurdish permerga soldiers " 
are these troops going in with tennis shoes on ? obama promised no boots on the ground ? 
u.s. wants to send " specialized expeditionary targeting force " to iraq , defense secretary says . 

jennifer markovsky and ke’arre stewart were the civilians killed in planned parenthood shooting , officials say . 
suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after planned parenthood shooting 
source : suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after 
so called pro-lifer ... is a murderer . 
source : colorado shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' - 
source : shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after planned parenthood shooting 
the planned parenthood killer had anti-abortion & right-wing views & mentioned " baby parts " lies spread by the media 
shooting finally , some info on the other victims ! i've only seen info about the leo , why is that ? 
ke'arre stewart saved lives before he died . a hero in iraq and at home . 
insight on the planned parenthood shooting 
domestic terrorism should receive greater attention than it does in this country . 
your name is on this . why isn't this " source " or " official " named ? everyone else in the story is named . 
can you read this without sensing the presence of a pro-life editor ? 
besides that , cnn , doesn't this " official " have a fucking name ? is it an unnamed source ? why ? 
rt the planned parenthood shooter talked about " baby parts , " language that we've heard politicians and pundits use . https … 
source : terror suspect's words suggest anti-abortion motive fixed it for you 
rt divorce , estrangement , isolation and mental health issues . our deviant culture creates monsters where once we had men h … 
source : shooting suspect's words suggest anti-abortion motive 
what were they doing ? mt jennifer markovsky & ke’arre stewart were civilians killed near pp . 
source : shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after attack 
crazy wrong re motive . 
should rush and his fox friends be culpable for inciting ? suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' 
suspect speaks of " baby parts " from video 
we now know is a terrorist and should be treated as such . 

34 university students injured after bus overturned in virginia ; driver charged with reckless driving . 
more than 30 college students injured in bus accident 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( 34 university students injured after bus overturned in virginia ; driver ... 
i think this article could have a better lead . 
more than 30 students injured in va . bus accident 

top story : cnngo see more 
story of the day : cnngo see more 
rt ewrmadrid top story : ewrmadrid practice cnngo see more 
top story : practice cnngo see more 
making a last-minute statement on national security right now - 
top story de - cnngo see more 
with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
rt with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
top story : with raymond cnngo see more 
top story : info & news cnngo see more 

rt gun violence threat closes university of chicago 
rt student suspected of threatening to kill people at university of chicago is identified as 21-year-old jabari dean . … 
chicago threat suspect allegedly sought to avenge laquan mcdonald's death 
arrest in gun violence threat that closed university of chicago campus 
there you go . 
jabari dean accused of threatening to kill 16 white students/staff at u for revenge laquan mcdonald's death 
so question , where are the protesters now ? oh , that's right , we would be racist to protest this . 
student threatened ' white devils ' 
man threatens to kill many white students , teachers and cops over social media to avenge friend's death 
empty threat is amuse . i doubt kid has/had $15-20k in guns . bigger q is how did make bail at $1.5 m ? 
this guy is a terrorist too . he might have ruined his own life with this , but at least he didn't ruin anyone else's . 
this guy was going to kill as many white devils and police as he could himself . 
suspect allegedly threatened to murder " white devils " at university of chicago . 
chicago threat suspect sought to avenge laquan mcdonald's death did political rhetoric lead to this ? 
hey media , how come this monster gets away without the label of being a terrorist ? 
now we have to suffer racist terrorists ? 
the right-wing sewer is going to overflow because a black person threatened to avenge the murder of laquan mcdonald 
in that closed 
chicago thug apprehended ; threatened to kill u of chicago " white devils " : 
jabari dean of chicago arrested for threatening to die killing as many " white devils " and policemen as possible : 

obama pays his respects at the bataclan in paris . 
obama pays his respects in paris 
pres obama pays his respects at the bataclan the night before 
pays his respects at the bataclan in paris - cnn international 
barack obama pays respects at the bataclan in paris 
pays his respects at the in 🙏🏻 
" come to admire your handiwork ? " ~ batman to penguin in " batman returns " 1992 

after nearly three decades of autocratic rule followed by a civil uprising , burkina faso has a new leader . 
congratulations to the people of burkina faso for this historical moment . they worked hard for this . i pray this ... 
burkina faso rebounds from military plot to elect new president 
rt voters in burkina faso went to the polls on sunday to select a new president and legislature . 
after nearly three decades of autocratic rule followed by a civil uprising , has a new leader . 

remembering rosa parks - 
a rare look inside pistorius ' jail cell - top stories 
greg fisk , mayor of juneau , alaska , found dead - 
isis building new base ? by via - top stories 
japan defies world on whales with new research program - 
stories a rare look inside pistorius ' jail cell 
jean paul gaultier's fashion rebel army - 
isis building new base ? ( source : 
isis building new base ? - top stories 
moscow : turkey downed plane to protect isis oil trade - 
day 2 of jury selection in first freddie gray trial ( source : 
need motivation to keep exercising ? 25 tips from trainers - 
did pope francis tackle all the right issues ? - 
- entertainment 
xi'an's terra-cotta warriors : what to know - 
the ' homeless man ' who flies the world first class - 
president obama links public health and climate change - via 
little girl has rare multi-organ transplant surgery - via 
race and reality : the scourge of segregation - 
' seinfeld ' cast records birthday wishes for dying fan - 
saudi arabia to build world's tallest building 1km tall - 
istanbul blast injures 5 , official says - 
on 6 degrees of climate change ( opinion ) - scares the sht outta me ☹ 
kansas man suspected of killing 7-year-old son - 
chicago mayor to announce police accountability task force - 
stop using crib bumpers , doctors say - 
lets get something good done ! a win-win solution for captive orcas and marine theme parks - 
an imperfect process : how campuses deal with sexual assault - 
rt he is from patterson nj . why is that interview not on the always have their interviews on file ?… 
ghostly ships with gruesome cargo hit japan's shores - 
burkina faso : from military plot to free elections - 
he is from patterson nj . why is that interview not on the always have their interviews on file ? very strange . 
breastfeeding mom sparks online uproar in china - 
who is turkish president erdogan ? : cnn's becky anderson profiles the turkish president ,... 
chicago mayor asks police superintendent to resign - 
why kindness matters even more after the holidays - 
who is recep tayyip erdogan ? - top stories 
stories who is recep tayyip erdogan ? 
u.s. military wants more of these - top stories 
isis perversion of islam is a mortal danger to muslims - 
what whites don't know about racism ( opinion ) - 
chicago mayor asks for police superintendent's resignation gooodd !! 
spend 9 hours a day using report says - | 
chicago police chief fired - top stories 
cop21 paris : can we avoid climate apocalypse ? ( opinion ) - 
are you a is that a ? your brain on crafting - 
world aids day : time to write last chapter on hiv - 
' blackface ' : dutch holiday tradition or racism ? - 
tell us why is too much - via 
a round-the-world tour of the best car museums - 
hiv myths debunked by the experts - 
nine reasons to visit georgia - 
study : cutting sugar improves kids ' health in 10 days - via 
russia shouldn't intervene in syrian civil war , obama says ( source : 

. last state of the union will be on january 12 , 2016 
ryan announces obama's last state of the union 
paul ryan : state of the union address january 12 
rt cnnpolitics : . speakerryan : potus ' last state of the union will be on january 12 , 2016 

. seeks to seal his climate legacy in terror-addled paris via 
. potus seeks to seal his climate legacy in terror-addled paris via kevinliptakcnn 
obama seeks to seal climate legacy in terror-addled paris 
ok so the peace deal failed , let's try .. obama seeks 2 seal climate legacy in terror-addled paris 
obama to climate legacy in paris 

