paris terror attack suspect believed to have escaped to syria 
remaining suspect may have escaped to how did that happen ? via 
may be in 
paris terrorist may be in syria 
rt french intel believes paris attack suspect salah abdeslam has made his way back to syria 
paris terror attacks - 
paris suspect believed in syria 
new details emerge about the suspect salah abdeslam and his possible whereabouts . 
paris terror suspect may have escaped to syria 
did help suspect escape to obama/mccain/kristol controlled " rebel " ? 
paris terror attack suspect believed to be in syria 

obama pays his respects at the bataclan in paris . 
obama pays his respects in paris 
pres obama pays his respects at the bataclan the night before 
pays his respects at the bataclan in paris - cnn international 
barack obama pays respects at the bataclan in paris 
pays his respects at the in 🙏🏻 
" come to admire your handiwork ? " ~ batman to penguin in " batman returns " 1992 

. u.s. helped create climate change problem and will help fix it . 
leaders arrive in paris for climate conference 
" obama and other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference . " 
the outcome of this summit will impact our lives & lives of future generations to come . don't let us down ! 
a delayed identification lead 
paris anarchists threw the candles from memorial at police . wow , just ... wow . 
leaders in paris for climate conference show me the data !!!! show me the facts !! not some stupid " model " ! 
world leaders climate conference all of these scientist receiving govt . money to pay their bills ? thank you . 
french police and protestors clash amidst international climate change meeting 
attacked by terrorists 2 weeks ago and the french are clashing with police about not being able to protest . smdh 
world leaders paris climate conference no more models ! give the people factual data !! lord monckton rules !! 
police and protesters clash in paris 
starts tomorrow !! obama , other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference 
admitting state of emergency power not only 4 terrorists but 4 " troubling " environmental activists 
arrive in for 
leaders due in paris for cop21 climate change conference - 
police and protesters clash in as world leaders arrive for climate conference 
leaders due in paris for cop21 climate change meeting - 
jeez , as if the paris police don't have enough to deal with . why protest attempts to deal with climate change ? cnn 
despite all the violence by warmists , they were mostly peaceful or something 
warmists pelt police with , wait , candles ? seriously ? 
radical climate protesters pelted french police with candles stolen from paris attack memorials 
' scandalous ' scuffles at climate talks 
i found the story highlights to be helpful in this article as well as the use of tweets and twitter pictures : 
if you have ever held ur breath u know its not very fun climate conference 
wake up , tell ur government 2 stop spraying the sky w/ chemtrails , which contribute to change climate by force . 
world leaders in for major conference 
, other leaders due in for major conference 
150 leaders due in for major conference 
obama , other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference change 

rt saudi arabia - freedom of speech is the song of liberty . show the world your compassion . … 
rt sentences poet to death on blasphemy charges : apostasy , insulting the prophet , spreading atheism … 
retweeted jared leto ( saudi arabia - freedom of speech is the song of liberty . show the world your ... 
outrage over saudi death sentence for poet on blasphemy charges 
stop bying oil and stop fueling fanaticism with billions of dollars 
saudi court has sentenced poet to death on blasphemy charges 
outrage over death sentence for poet . 
our good friend saudi arabia , of course . 
hundreds of writers around the world have joined human rights groups in urging saudi arabia to release a poet who ... 
worldwide criticism over saudi death sentence for palestinian poet over blasphemy/apostasy charges 
sentenced to death because of his opinion . - outrage over saudi death sentence for poet - 

paul ryan : state of the union address january 12 
. last state of the union will be on january 12 , 2016 
ryan announces obama's last state of the union 
rt cnnpolitics : . speakerryan : potus ' last state of the union will be on january 12 , 2016 

34 university students injured after bus overturned in virginia ; driver charged with reckless driving . 
more than 30 college students injured in bus accident 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( 34 university students injured after bus overturned in virginia ; driver ... 
i think this article could have a better lead . 
more than 30 students injured in va . bus accident 

top story : cnngo see more 
story of the day : cnngo see more 
rt ewrmadrid top story : ewrmadrid practice cnngo see more 
top story : practice cnngo see more 
making a last-minute statement on national security right now - 
top story de - cnngo see more 
with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
rt with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
top story : with raymond cnngo see more 
top story : info & news cnngo see more 

rt gun violence threat closes university of chicago 
a 21-year-old man was arrested ... 
rt student suspected of threatening to kill people at university of chicago is identified as 21-year-old jabari dean . … 
arrest in threat at university of chicago - 
chicago threat suspect allegedly sought to avenge laquan mcdonald's death . 
arrest in gun violence threat that closed university of chicago campus 
there you go . 
jabari dean accused of threatening to kill 16 white students/staff at u for revenge laquan mcdonald's death 
so question , where are the protesters now ? oh , that's right , we would be racist to protest this . 
student threatened ' white devils ' 
man threatens to kill many white students , teachers and cops over social media to avenge friend's death 
empty threat is amuse . i doubt kid has/had $15-20k in guns . bigger q is how did make bail at $1.5 m ? 
this guy is a terrorist too . he might have ruined his own life with this , but at least he didn't ruin anyone else's . 
this guy was going to kill as many white devils and police as he could himself . 
suspect allegedly threatened to murder " white devils " at university of chicago . 
chicago threat suspect sought to avenge laquan mcdonald's death did political rhetoric lead to this ? 
hey media , how come this monster gets away without the label of being a terrorist ? 
now we have to suffer racist terrorists ? 
the right-wing sewer is going to overflow because a black person threatened to avenge the murder of laquan mcdonald 
in that closed 
chicago thug apprehended ; threatened to kill u of chicago " white devils " : 
jabari dean of chicago arrested for threatening to die killing as many " white devils " and policemen as possible : 

zuckeberg , wife pledge to donate 99% of their facebook shares , about $45 billion , to charity . 
congrats to the family ! welcome 
facebook ceo mark zuckerberg and wife priscilla chan welcome baby daughter . 
rt wow - mark zuckerberg pledges to donate 99% of facebook shares , about $45 billion , to charity . https … 
facebook's zuckerberg welcomed first born early last week . 
congratulations to mark and priscilla for the birth of their baby girl and for being incredible human beings ! 
wife pledge to donate 99% of their shares , about $45 billion , to charity . 
mark zuckerberg announces birth of his daughter : 
mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan welcome new daughter 
facebook's zuckerberg is a dad 
rt zuckerbergs announce birth of daughter , pledge to donate 99% of their $fb shares to charity ‘ during our lives . ' … 

chicago mayor asks police superintendent to resign - 
chicago mayor asks for police superintendent's resignation - 
chicago mayor emanuel says he's asked for resignation of police superintendent mccarthy . 
who will fire the mayor ? | mayor asks for police superintendent's resignation 
you fire someone else . 
chicago mayor fires police chief ! 
chicago mayor to announce police accountability task force - 
mayor asks police superintendent's resignation after seeing footage of laquan mcdonald's killing . 
rt chicago mayor emmanuel asks for police superintendent's resignation don't forget to submi … 
and here is step 1 of saving himself . as mayor he is responsible too . 
people of chicago may ask for their mayor's resignation while he asks for police chief's resignation 
keep up the public pressure - it's working ! 
the people of chicago should fire emanuel . 
chicago police chief fired in wake of teen's shooting 
superintendent garry mccarthy is out amid controversy over an officer's shooting of 17 year old 
rt the mayor should resign as well . captain goes down with the ship . … 
yearlong cover-up , missing/destroyed evidence , more than the chief need to go ... 

body of downed russian pilot back in ... | 
rt body of shot down russian pilot in custody of turkish authorities . 
body of downed pilot back in russia - 
u.s. , differ on shootdown : 
of downed russian pilot back in russia - cnn 
rt downed pilot's body returned to russia 
u.s. , russia differ on shootdown 

officer who shot tamir rice , 12 , releases statement , says he saw a " real and active " threat . 
tamir rice shooting : officer says threat was ' real and active ' 
tamir rice death : officer's statements released - 
being a criminal &/or using a gun is dangerous . u might end up dead ? shocking , you'd have to tell sheeple that ? 
cop who shot boy : threat was ' real ' 
here's an idea -- stop putting yourself in situations where getting shot is a high likelihood 
i call bullshit ! rt officer who shot tamir rice releases statement , says he saw a " real and active " threat . 
rt rt officer who shot tamir rice , 12 releases statement , saw a " real & active " threat http … 

jennifer markovsky and ke’arre stewart were the civilians killed in planned parenthood shooting , officials say . 
suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after planned parenthood shooting 
source : suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after 
so called pro-lifer ... is a murderer . 
source : colorado shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' - 
source : shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after planned parenthood shooting 
the planned parenthood killer had anti-abortion & right-wing views & mentioned " baby parts " lies spread by the media 
shooting finally , some info on the other victims ! i've only seen info about the leo , why is that ? 
ke'arre stewart saved lives before he died . a hero in iraq and at home . 
insight on the planned parenthood shooting 
domestic terrorism should receive greater attention than it does in this country . 
your name is on this . why isn't this " source " or " official " named ? everyone else in the story is named . 
can you read this without sensing the presence of a pro-life editor ? 
besides that , cnn , doesn't this " official " have a fucking name ? is it an unnamed source ? why ? 
rt the planned parenthood shooter talked about " baby parts , " language that we've heard politicians and pundits use . https … 
source : terror suspect's words suggest anti-abortion motive fixed it for you 
rt divorce , estrangement , isolation and mental health issues . our deviant culture creates monsters where once we had men h … 
source : shooting suspect's words suggest anti-abortion motive 
what were they doing ? mt jennifer markovsky & ke’arre stewart were civilians killed near pp . 
source : shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after attack 
crazy wrong re motive . 
should rush and his fox friends be culpable for inciting ? suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' 
suspect speaks of " baby parts " from video 
we now know is a terrorist and should be treated as such . 

. seeks to seal his climate legacy in terror-addled paris via 
. potus seeks to seal his climate legacy in terror-addled paris via kevinliptakcnn 
obama seeks to seal climate legacy in terror-addled paris 
ok so the peace deal failed , let's try .. obama seeks 2 seal climate legacy in terror-addled paris 
obama to climate legacy in paris 

rt breaking : report : support for isis in the u.s. reaches unprecedented level . 
study : unprecedented support for isis in the u.s. 
study : unprecedented support for the in the u.s. 
isis related arrests in united states 2014 : 15 2015 : 56 
rt report : support for isis in the u.s. reaches unprecedented level . 
rt obama's legacy : support for isis in u.s. at " unprecedented level , " w/several thousand u . s . -based sympathizers : … 
rt . piece on our report 
only 19 of 71 ( 27%) americans arrested for isis-related offenses were plotting to carry out an attack in america 
shut up fear monger article . these numbers are almost nil . study : unprecedented support for in the u.s. 

lebanon releases estranged ex-wife of isis chief in prisoner swap with al qaeda affiliate , official says . 
isis chief's ex-wife released in lebanon-al nusra prisoner swap 
lebanon releases isis chief's ex-wife in swap 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( lebanon releases estranged ex-wife of isis chief in prisoner swap with al ... 

after nearly three decades of autocratic rule followed by a civil uprising , burkina faso has a new leader . 
rebounds from military plot to elect new 
congratulations to the people of burkina faso for this historical moment . they worked hard for this . i pray this ... 
rt voters in burkina faso went to the polls on sunday to select a new president and legislature . 
after nearly three decades of autocratic rule followed by a civil uprising , has a new leader . 

basking in union support , clinton rolls out infrastructure plan 
“ get your sledgehammers ready . we’ve got a glass ceiling to demolish ” 
rt . to pitch plan to spend $350 billion on infrastructure via … 
rt jobs . community improvement . jobs basking in union support , clinton rolls out infrastructure plan 
rt does anyone else seem to be rolling out detailed policy plans ? c'mon boys ... 
rt basking in union support , rolls out her infrastructure plan 
hillary clinton’s plan for infrastructure : make businesses pay for it ( via 
. rolls out her plan to increase federal investment by $275b over the next 5 yrs : 
basking in union support , rolls out infrastructure plan . 

shooting suspect appears in court 
pres . obama on shooting : " this just doesn't happen in other countries . " 
no bond for accused planned parenthood shooter 
rt shooting suspect due in court has the latest . … 
damn this guy is ugly ! too bad his mother did not abort him !! 
planned parenthood shooting suspect made his first court appearance 
have blood on their hands for inciting using lying videos 
read how passive the language is describing dear . 
so you kill people because you are pro life ? that makes sense .... 
rt blame carly fiorina for the terrorist in colorado . 

u.s. sending " specialized expeditionary targeting force " to iraq , defense secretary says . 
carter sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq - 
u.s. ' targeting ' force going to iraq 
" a u.s. official tells cnn that decision means that there will be additional u.s. special operation forces on the ... 
steps up on 
us putting more troops on the ground in iraq 
obama sending more troops to iraq , " a specialized expeditionary targeting force . " 
us sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq 
hiding in plain sight of the english language dod sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq 
more us boots on the ground in iraq , ready to conduct war in syria . - def secretary ash carter . 
ash carter sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' 2 iraq call it what it is- boots on ground . hypocrisy 
secretary of defense , ash carter , officially sends troops to iraq to fight isis , 
looks like is trying to play goldilocks with how many ground troops are just right in 
president obama sending troops to iraq . i hope he's got a viable plan to actually , you know , defeat them ... 
u.s. military sending " a specialized expeditionary targeting force " to iraq 
helping in the fight the u.s. will send " specialized targeting force " to iraq 
' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq go get them boys ... god bless america 
" it puts everyone on notice . you don't know at night who is going to be coming into the window . " ash carter 
more u.s. going to to fight 
defense secty carter announces new " specialized expeditionary targeting force " in iraq to battle isis - 
carter sending ' specialized ' force to iraq ???? 
defense secretary says u.s. military sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq ( via 
sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq " to assist iraqi/kurdish permerga soldiers " 

the mayor of alaska's capital was found dead just weeks after he took office . 
mayor of juneau , alaska , found dead - - 
mysterious death of newly elected juneau mayor greg fisk , was heavily involved in fisheries and fishing . 
mayor of juno found dead . if you look as his positions you may figure out why ! alaska is the last america ! 
mayor found dead .. mayor of alaska's capital has been found dead , rumors that he was assaulted ... 
mayor of , found dead ; police address rumors 
mayor of alaska's capital found dead just weeks after taking office 
mayor dies weeks after taking office 
rumors of assault linked to death of mayor of juneau , alaska . 
rt ( cnn)just weeks after he took office , the mayor of alaska's capital has been found dead , prompting a flurry of ... … 

disability advocates rip kylie jenner wheelchair shoot - 
the fastest growing religion in the world is ... - 
chicago mayor asks police superintendent to resign - 
aids charity offers chance to bike with bono - 
10 winter health myths busted - 
tamir rice death : officer's statements released - 
want to bike with bono , smoke with snoop dogg ? : if you've ever wanted to smoke weed wit ... 
stories want to bike with bono , smoke with snoop dogg ? 
trump , for good of america , get out of race everyone who cares about america-read this ! 
rt study : cutting improves kids ' health in 10 days - … 
rt i normally don't call out other news orgs by name , but that is shameful , you ought to know bette … 
donald trump , for good of u.s. , get out of race ( opinion ) - 
world aids day : time to write last chapter on hiv - 
hiv myths debunked by the experts - 
remembering rosa parks - 
trump , for good of america , get out of race it- never will happen he doesn't even apologize for lies 
kansas man suspected of killing 7-year-old son - 
barbecue and football : the ultimate road trip - 
cop who shot boy : threat was ' real ' by via - top stories 
house rejects climate change rules by via - top stories 
opinion : trump , get out of the race by via - top stories 
ex-intel chief : wh ignored isis by via - top stories 
study : lots of u.s. support for isis by via - top stories 
fighting sex trafficking in tenancingo - 
the ' homeless man ' who flies the world first class - 
japan defies world on whales with new research program - 
cop who shot boy : threat was ' real ' - top stories 
drunk russian sailor crashes 7,000 -ton ship - 
rt chicago mayor fires police chief amid fallout on … 
cop who shot boy : threat was ' real ' ( source : 
did man feed son's body to pigs ? - top stories 
trump , for good of america , get out of race andmakeamericagreatandrespectedagin 
top story : prep : can it end the aids epidemic ? - see more 
anonymous donors give $ 500,000 to salvation army - 
opinion : trump , get out of the race - top stories 
house rejects climate change rules - top stories 
house rejects climate change rules ( source : 
opinion : trump , get out of the race ( source : 
want to bike with bono , smoke with snoop dogg ? - top stories 
greg fisk , mayor of juneau , alaska , found dead - 
did ' a face in the crowd ' predict trump's rise ? - 
pennsylvania police officer killed ; suspect in custody - 
stop the lies against planned parenthood ( opinion ) - 
you can parenthetically cite it " george is good " ( thomas 2 ) . or state it prior to mentioning : according to " 
' seinfeld ' cast records birthday wishes for dying fan - 
rt putin calls plane's downing by turkey ' stab in the back ' - … 
syria airstrikes : has west learned nothing after 9/11 ? - 
' blackface ' : dutch holiday tradition or racism ? - 
opinion : has west learned nothing from 9/11 ? : 
ghostly ships full of bodies wash up in japan - 
kobe bryant : nba great to retire at end of season - 
moscow : turkey downed plane to protect isis oil trade - 
opinion : has west learned nothing from 9/11 ? - top stories 
could this quran curb extremism ? - - 
ex-intel chief : wh ignored isis - top stories 
study : lots of u.s. support for isis - top stories 
rt chicago officer charged with murder in shooting death of 17-year-old laquan mcdonald posted bond , authorities say . … 
10-foot gators seen fighting on golf course ( 
chicago mayor to announce police accountability task force - 
ex-intel chief : wh ignored isis ( source : 
study : lots of u.s. support for isis ( source : 
saudi arabia to build world's tallest building 1km tall ( 
trump tells rivals : bring it on - top stories 
why do politicians get away with lying ? - top stories 
did movie predict trump's rise ? - top stories 
what whites don't know about racism ( opinion ) via 

the way pilots responded to technical malfunction resulted in crash of air asia flight investigators say . 
briefly touched on : indonesian & french pilots speaking to each other in english : " push " and " pull " . 
rt rt the way pilots responded to technical malfunction resulted in crash of air ... http … 
pilot needs to response has to be given in split second , otherwise it can have drastic result . 

