rt paris terror suspect salah abdeslam may now be in syria . salah's brother was suicide bomber in attacks … 
paris terror attack suspect believed to be in syria 
paris terror attack suspect believed to have escaped to syria 
remaining suspect may have escaped to how did that happen ? via 
may be in 
paris terrorist may be in syria 
rt french intel believes paris attack suspect salah abdeslam has made his way back to syria 
paris terror attacks - 
paris suspect believed in syria 
new details emerge about the suspect salah abdeslam and his possible whereabouts . 
paris terror suspect may have escaped to syria 
did help suspect escape to obama/mccain/kristol controlled " rebel " ? 

obama pays his respects at the bataclan in paris . 
obama pays his respects in paris 
pres obama pays his respects at the bataclan the night before 
pays his respects at the bataclan in paris - cnn international 
barack obama pays respects at the bataclan in paris 
pays his respects at the in 🙏🏻 
" come to admire your handiwork ? " ~ batman to penguin in " batman returns " 1992 

. u.s. helped create climate change problem and will help fix it . 
leaders arrive in paris for climate conference 
" obama and other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference . " 
the outcome of this summit will impact our lives & lives of future generations to come . don't let us down ! 
a delayed identification lead 
paris anarchists threw the candles from memorial at police . wow , just ... wow . 
leaders in paris for climate conference show me the data !!!! show me the facts !! not some stupid " model " ! 
world leaders climate conference all of these scientist receiving govt . money to pay their bills ? thank you . 
french police and protestors clash amidst international climate change meeting 
attacked by terrorists 2 weeks ago and the french are clashing with police about not being able to protest . smdh 
world leaders paris climate conference no more models ! give the people factual data !! lord monckton rules !! 
police and protesters clash in paris 
starts tomorrow !! obama , other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference 
admitting state of emergency power not only 4 terrorists but 4 " troubling " environmental activists 
arrive in for 
leaders due in paris for cop21 climate change conference - 
police and protesters clash in as world leaders arrive for climate conference 
leaders due in paris for cop21 climate change meeting - 
jeez , as if the paris police don't have enough to deal with . why protest attempts to deal with climate change ? cnn 
despite all the violence by warmists , they were mostly peaceful or something 
warmists pelt police with , wait , candles ? seriously ? 
radical climate protesters pelted french police with candles stolen from paris attack memorials 
' scandalous ' scuffles at climate talks 
i found the story highlights to be helpful in this article as well as the use of tweets and twitter pictures : 
if you have ever held ur breath u know its not very fun climate conference 
wake up , tell ur government 2 stop spraying the sky w/ chemtrails , which contribute to change climate by force . 
world leaders in for major conference 
, other leaders due in for major conference 
150 leaders due in for major conference 
obama , other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference change 

rt saudi arabia - freedom of speech is the song of liberty . show the world your compassion . … 
rt sentences poet to death on blasphemy charges : apostasy , insulting the prophet , spreading atheism … 
retweeted jared leto ( saudi arabia - freedom of speech is the song of liberty . show the world your ... 
outrage over saudi death sentence for poet on blasphemy charges 
stop bying oil and stop fueling fanaticism with billions of dollars 
saudi court has sentenced poet to death on blasphemy charges 
outrage over death sentence for poet . 
our good friend saudi arabia , of course . 
hundreds of writers around the world have joined human rights groups in urging saudi arabia to release a poet who ... 
worldwide criticism over saudi death sentence for palestinian poet over blasphemy/apostasy charges 
sentenced to death because of his opinion . - outrage over saudi death sentence for poet - 

porn star james deen accused by women of rape , assault 
" porn star james deen accused by women of rape , assault . … " in 
james deen accused of rape and assault by women 
porn star james deen accused by women of rape , assault - cnn 
porn star james deen accused by women of rape , assault in other words , they weren't acting ? 
" i was afraid " fear of not being believed kept her from reporting to law enforcement or speaking up 
becuz of deen's " nice-guy image " , allegations are drawing comparisons to the sex abuse scandal involving bill cosby : 
porn star accused of rape , assault via on 
james deen accused of rape , assault 

paul ryan : state of the union address january 12 
. last state of the union will be on january 12 , 2016 
ryan announces obama's last state of the union 
rt cnnpolitics : . speakerryan : potus ' last state of the union will be on january 12 , 2016 

34 university students injured after bus overturned in virginia ; driver charged with reckless driving . 
more than 30 college students injured in bus accident 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( 34 university students injured after bus overturned in virginia ; driver ... 
i think this article could have a better lead . 
more than 30 students injured in va . bus accident 

rt turkey's megalomaniac dictator should be ashamed of himself . 
rt u.s. , russia ♡ differ on shootdown 
body of downed russian pilot back in ... | 
rt body of shot down russian pilot in custody of turkish authorities . 
body of downed pilot back in russia - 
u.s. , differ on shootdown : 
of downed russian pilot back in russia - cnn 
rt downed pilot's body returned to russia 
u.s. , russia differ on shootdown 

top story : cnngo see more 
story of the day : cnngo see more 
rt ewrmadrid top story : ewrmadrid practice cnngo see more 
top story : practice cnngo see more 
making a last-minute statement on national security right now - 
top story de - cnngo see more 
with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
rt with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
top story : with raymond cnngo see more 
top story : info & news cnngo see more 

rt gun violence threat closes university of chicago 
rt student suspected of threatening to kill people at university of chicago is identified as 21-year-old jabari dean . … 
a 21-year-old man was arrested ... 
arrest in threat at university of chicago - 
chicago threat suspect allegedly sought to avenge laquan mcdonald's death . 
arrest in gun violence threat that closed university of chicago campus 
there you go . 
jabari dean accused of threatening to kill 16 white students/staff at u for revenge laquan mcdonald's death 
so question , where are the protesters now ? oh , that's right , we would be racist to protest this . 
student threatened ' white devils ' 
man threatens to kill many white students , teachers and cops over social media to avenge friend's death 
empty threat is amuse . i doubt kid has/had $15-20k in guns . bigger q is how did make bail at $1.5 m ? 
this guy is a terrorist too . he might have ruined his own life with this , but at least he didn't ruin anyone else's . 
this guy was going to kill as many white devils and police as he could himself . 
suspect allegedly threatened to murder " white devils " at university of chicago . 
chicago threat suspect sought to avenge laquan mcdonald's death did political rhetoric lead to this ? 
hey media , how come this monster gets away without the label of being a terrorist ? 
now we have to suffer racist terrorists ? 
the right-wing sewer is going to overflow because a black person threatened to avenge the murder of laquan mcdonald 
in that closed 
chicago thug apprehended ; threatened to kill u of chicago " white devils " : 
jabari dean of chicago arrested for threatening to die killing as many " white devils " and policemen as possible : 

45 billion to charity : 
rt facebook ceo mark zuckerberg and wife priscilla chan welcome baby daughter . 
i would like to see an arab king , president , amir etc do half what this guy is doing with his money . 
rt congragulation mark its good to know a man of your weath is dedicating time & m … 
mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan welcome new daughter 
zuckerberg , wife pledge to donate 99% of their facebook shares , about $45 billion , to charity : 
couple welcomes baby max 
meanwhile , the biggest ever witnessed . 
rt wow - mark zuckerberg pledges to donate 99% of facebook shares , about $45 billion , to charity . https … 
mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan welcome new daughter december 01 - cnnmoney 
hard to knock a guy who does something like this tho … 
congrats mark & priscilla and welcome max ! 🌞 
mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan donates 99% of their facebook shares to charity . via 
how the is going to change the world 
not because he is a billionaire . happiness results from we can give🙏 donating for welcoming new daughter . cnnmoney 
tuesday at its finest ! mark and priscilla chan welcome new daughter december 01 - cnnmoney 
zuckerberg and chan give 45 billion dollars to charity and half of reddit is still finding reasons to hate it . *_* 
facebook's zuckerberg is a dad : 
rt zuckerberg announces birth of baby & plan 2 donate 99% of fb stock . in other news , most pissed off baby ever is born https … 
45 billion to be donated by damn 
holy shit . zuckerberg what a guy 
very admirable attitude by zuck and chan . hope others will follow their message . 

rt i would expect nothing else from a crony of obama's . throwing someone under the bus to save his … 
rt chicago mayor will announce tuesday the creation of a task force on police accountability , his office says . … 
chicago mayor emanuel says he's asked for resignation of police superintendent mccarthy . 
chicago police chief fired 
chicago mayor asks for police superintendent's resignation - 
chicago mayor asks police superintendent to resign - 
chicago mayor fires police chief ! 
chicago mayor rahm emanuel outs garry mccarthy as police commissioner of the windy city . 
chicago mayor asks police superintendent to resign - finally … so what took so long ? 
who will fire the mayor ? | mayor asks for police superintendent's resignation 
you fire someone else . 
chicago mayor to announce police accountability task force - 
mayor asks police superintendent's resignation after seeing footage of laquan mcdonald's killing . 
rt chicago mayor emmanuel asks for police superintendent's resignation don't forget to submi … 
and here is step 1 of saving himself . as mayor he is responsible too . 
people of chicago may ask for their mayor's resignation while he asks for police chief's resignation 

the way pilots responded to technical malfunction resulted in crash of air asia flight investigators say . 
briefly touched on : indonesian & french pilots speaking to each other in english : " push " and " pull " . 
rt rt the way pilots responded to technical malfunction resulted in crash of air ... http … 
pilot needs to response has to be given in split second , otherwise it can have drastic result . 

" officer who shot tamir rice , 12 , releases statement , says he saw a " real and active " threat . " 
shooting : officer says threat was ' real and active ' 
attorney for family says officers are getting special treatment from prosecutors 
officer who shot 12-year-old speaks out for first time since shooting 
rt officer who shot 12 , releases statement , says he saw a " real and active " threat . h/t 

jennifer markovsky and ke’arre stewart were the civilians killed in planned parenthood shooting , officials say . 
suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after planned parenthood shooting 
source : suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after 
so called pro-lifer ... is a murderer . 
source : colorado shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' - 
source : shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after planned parenthood shooting 
the planned parenthood killer had anti-abortion & right-wing views & mentioned " baby parts " lies spread by the media 
shooting finally , some info on the other victims ! i've only seen info about the leo , why is that ? 
ke'arre stewart saved lives before he died . a hero in iraq and at home . 
insight on the planned parenthood shooting 
domestic terrorism should receive greater attention than it does in this country . 
your name is on this . why isn't this " source " or " official " named ? everyone else in the story is named . 
can you read this without sensing the presence of a pro-life editor ? 
besides that , cnn , doesn't this " official " have a fucking name ? is it an unnamed source ? why ? 
rt the planned parenthood shooter talked about " baby parts , " language that we've heard politicians and pundits use . https … 
source : terror suspect's words suggest anti-abortion motive fixed it for you 
rt divorce , estrangement , isolation and mental health issues . our deviant culture creates monsters where once we had men h … 
source : shooting suspect's words suggest anti-abortion motive 
what were they doing ? mt jennifer markovsky & ke’arre stewart were civilians killed near pp . 
source : shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after attack 
crazy wrong re motive . 
should rush and his fox friends be culpable for inciting ? suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' 
suspect speaks of " baby parts " from video 
we now know is a terrorist and should be treated as such . 

. seeks to seal his climate legacy in terror-addled paris via 
. potus seeks to seal his climate legacy in terror-addled paris via kevinliptakcnn 
obama seeks to seal climate legacy in terror-addled paris 
ok so the peace deal failed , let's try .. obama seeks 2 seal climate legacy in terror-addled paris 
obama to climate legacy in paris 

rt isis related arrests in united states 2014 : 15 2015 : 56 
study : unprecedented support for in the u.s. 
who are these idiots ? 
study : unprecedented support for isis in the u.s. - 
rt report : support for isis in the u.s. reaches unprecedented level . 
rt breaking : report : support for isis in the u.s. reaches unprecedented level . 
disturbing : reports unprecedented support for isis in the us , huge jump in terror-related arrests . 
rt a new study shows support for in the u.s.a is at an all time high . 
rt . piece on our report 
let others wallow . you're nailing it on the muz problem . 
explaining & social media question , jm where did you stick the collection ? 

lebanon releases estranged ex-wife of isis chief in prisoner swap with al qaeda affiliate , official says . 
isis chief's ex-wife released in lebanon-al nusra prisoner swap 
lebanon releases isis chief's ex-wife in swap 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( lebanon releases estranged ex-wife of isis chief in prisoner swap with al ... 

basking in union support , clinton rolls out infrastructure plan 
“ get your sledgehammers ready . we’ve got a glass ceiling to demolish ” 
rt . to pitch plan to spend $350 billion on infrastructure via … 
rt jobs . community improvement . jobs basking in union support , clinton rolls out infrastructure plan 
rt does anyone else seem to be rolling out detailed policy plans ? c'mon boys ... 
rt basking in union support , rolls out her infrastructure plan 
hillary clinton’s plan for infrastructure : make businesses pay for it ( via 
. rolls out her plan to increase federal investment by $275b over the next 5 yrs : 
basking in union support , rolls out infrastructure plan . 

shooting suspect appears in court 
pres . obama on shooting : " this just doesn't happen in other countries . " 
no bond for accused planned parenthood shooter 
rt shooting suspect due in court has the latest . … 
damn this guy is ugly ! too bad his mother did not abort him !! 
planned parenthood shooting suspect made his first court appearance 
have blood on their hands for inciting using lying videos 
read how passive the language is describing dear . 
so you kill people because you are pro life ? that makes sense .... 
rt blame carly fiorina for the terrorist in colorado . 

u.s. sending " specialized expeditionary targeting force " to iraq , defense secretary says . 
carter sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq - 
us troops to iraq 
u.s. ' targeting ' force going to iraq 
" a u.s. official tells cnn that decision means that there will be additional u.s. special operation forces on the ... 
steps up on 
us putting more troops on the ground in iraq 
obama sending more troops to iraq , " a specialized expeditionary targeting force . " 
us sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq 
hiding in plain sight of the english language dod sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq 
more us boots on the ground in iraq , ready to conduct war in syria . - def secretary ash carter . 
ash carter sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' 2 iraq call it what it is- boots on ground . hypocrisy 
secretary of defense , ash carter , officially sends troops to iraq to fight isis , 
looks like is trying to play goldilocks with how many ground troops are just right in 
president obama sending troops to iraq . i hope he's got a viable plan to actually , you know , defeat them ... 
u.s. military sending " a specialized expeditionary targeting force " to iraq 
helping in the fight the u.s. will send " specialized targeting force " to iraq 
' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq go get them boys ... god bless america 
" it puts everyone on notice . you don't know at night who is going to be coming into the window . " ash carter 
more u.s. going to to fight 
defense secty carter announces new " specialized expeditionary targeting force " in iraq to battle isis - 
carter sending ' specialized ' force to iraq ???? 
defense secretary says u.s. military sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq ( via 
sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq " to assist iraqi/kurdish permerga soldiers " 

mayor of juneau , alaska , found dead - - 
the mayor of alaska's capital was found dead just weeks after he took office . 
rt mayor of juneau , alaska , found dead 
mysterious death of newly elected juneau mayor greg fisk , was heavily involved in fisheries and fishing . 
mayor of juno found dead . if you look as his positions you may figure out why ! alaska is the last america ! 
mayor found dead .. mayor of alaska's capital has been found dead , rumors that he was assaulted ... 
mayor of , found dead ; police address rumors 
mayor of alaska's capital found dead just weeks after taking office 
mayor dies weeks after taking office 
rumors of assault linked to death of mayor of juneau , alaska . 

stories man vs . alligator : a tale of two trumps 
mystery of china's levitating cars solved - 
donald trump , for good of u.s. , get out of race ( opinion ) - 
new material harder , brighter than diamond - top stories 
race and reality : the scourge of segregation - 
new material is brighter a diamond by via - top stories 
5 ways to keep your charged in a power - 
remembering rosa parks - 
q-carbon is harder , brighter than diamonds - 
new material is brighter a diamond - top stories 
james deen accused of rape and assault by women - 
check out this spring 2016 intern - opinion at time warner in 
17 ' star wars ' locations that actually exist - 
from the new paris climate conference : cop21 explained 
former intel chief says wh worried over re-elect ' narrative ' - - 
have you seen this article ? e5f62ef6 
stories the all-female unit taking on isis 
the all-female unit taking on isis - top stories 
rt chicago officer charged with murder in shooting death of 17-year-old laquan mcdonald posted bond , authorities say . … 
albert einstein's special mark on the universe ( opinion ) - 
try our jedi initiate quiz ( 
go inside a satanic temple ( 
animal cruelty charge over facebook post - top stories 
incredible photos show how water shapes our world - top stories 
robert durst sued for $100 million by family of his first wife 
prep : can it end the aids epidemic ? - 
survey : online trolls are ' everyday sadists ' - 
rt robbers , wearing panda onesies , hit store - 
last thing democracy needs is a candidate who intentionally makes racial animus mainstream . 
syrian refugee crisis : fear and hope in an iowa city - 
take the perfect photo : 
' never have the stakes been so high ' - 
goodreads readers pick best books of 2015 - 
native american heritage day : time to rethink ( opinion ) - 
10-10 for me . can you beat our ' star wars ' jedi initiate quiz ? - 
how to take perfect cambodia photos - 
take the perfect photo - top stories 
disability advocates rip kylie jenner wheelchair shoot - 
bones of child found amid pigs in kansas , coroner says - | 
kansas man suspected of killing 7-year-old son - 
inside the secret world of teens - thank you cnn for this very insightful 
rt spaceliner concept jet could fly at mach 25 - 
congress rushes year-end bills - top stories 
irish-italian love-hate relationship ( 
wedding highlights bulgarian culture ( 
chicago faces scrutiny about delayed release of ' horrific ' video ( 
porn star accused of rape , assault ( 
robbers in panda onesies hit store - europe 
explosion injures 5 near istanbul subway - europe 
obama compares isis fight to efforts to curb global warming - europe 
why is russia in syria ? - europe 
ryan : ' do more ' on mental health ( 
why this is the best time to do the grand canyon's best hikes - 
congress rushes year-end bills by via - top stories 
congress rushes year-end bills ( source : 

after nearly three decades of autocratic rule followed by a civil uprising , burkina faso has a new leader . 
rebounds from military plot to elect new 
congratulations to the people of burkina faso for this historical moment . they worked hard for this . i pray this ... 
rt voters in burkina faso went to the polls on sunday to select a new president and legislature . 
after nearly three decades of autocratic rule followed by a civil uprising , has a new leader . 

