paris suspect believed in syria 
may be in 
paris terror attack suspect believed to have escaped to syria 
new details emerge about the suspect salah abdeslam and his possible whereabouts . 
paris terror suspect may have escaped to syria 
rt french intel believes paris attack suspect salah abdeslam has made his way back to syria 
did help suspect escape to obama/mccain/kristol controlled " rebel " ? 
paris terror attacks - via 
believed to be in 
cnn : planners were going to go to jewish schools & areas as well . 
paris terror attack suspect from belgium to syria without any interference at a border crossing . analysis needed . 
rt believed to be in 

. u.s. helped create climate change problem and will help fix it . 
leaders arrive in paris for climate conference 
" obama and other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference . " 
the outcome of this summit will impact our lives & lives of future generations to come . don't let us down ! 
a delayed identification lead 
paris anarchists threw the candles from memorial at police . wow , just ... wow . 
leaders in paris for climate conference show me the data !!!! show me the facts !! not some stupid " model " ! 
world leaders climate conference all of these scientist receiving govt . money to pay their bills ? thank you . 
french police and protestors clash amidst international climate change meeting 
attacked by terrorists 2 weeks ago and the french are clashing with police about not being able to protest . smdh 
world leaders paris climate conference no more models ! give the people factual data !! lord monckton rules !! 
police and protesters clash in paris 
starts tomorrow !! obama , other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference 
admitting state of emergency power not only 4 terrorists but 4 " troubling " environmental activists 
arrive in for 
leaders due in paris for cop21 climate change conference - 
police and protesters clash in as world leaders arrive for climate conference 
leaders due in paris for cop21 climate change meeting - 
jeez , as if the paris police don't have enough to deal with . why protest attempts to deal with climate change ? cnn 
despite all the violence by warmists , they were mostly peaceful or something 
warmists pelt police with , wait , candles ? seriously ? 
radical climate protesters pelted french police with candles stolen from paris attack memorials 
' scandalous ' scuffles at climate talks 
i found the story highlights to be helpful in this article as well as the use of tweets and twitter pictures : 
if you have ever held ur breath u know its not very fun climate conference 
wake up , tell ur government 2 stop spraying the sky w/ chemtrails , which contribute to change climate by force . 
world leaders in for major conference 
, other leaders due in for major conference 
150 leaders due in for major conference 
obama , other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference change 
more than 200 arrested in paris after protesters pelted police with shoes and bottles ahead of major climate summit . 

outrage over saudi death sentence for poet - 
rt saudi arabia - freedom of speech is the song of liberty . show the world your compassion . … 
outrage over death sentence for poet . 
our good friend saudi arabia , of course . 
rt sentences poet to death on blasphemy charges : apostasy , insulting the prophet , spreading atheism … 
hundreds of writers around the world have joined human rights groups in urging saudi arabia to release a poet who ... 
worldwide criticism over saudi death sentence for palestinian poet over blasphemy/apostasy charges 
sentenced to death because of his opinion . - outrage over saudi death sentence for poet - 
r we going 2stand by & do nothing ? outrage accept this over saudi death sentence for poet on blasphemy charges 
hundreds of writers around the world urge saudi arabia to release poet sentenced to death . 

body of downed russian pilot back in russia 
of downed russian pilot back in russia - cnn 
downed pilot's body returned to russia 
body of downed pilot back in russia - 
the obama administration continues making our country look like clowns . 
rt turkey's megalomaniac dictator should be ashamed of himself . 
u.s. , russia differ on shootdown 
information indicates russian warplane was over turkey when it was shot down , state department spokeswoman says . 

. last state of the union will be on january 12 , 2016 
paul ryan : state of the union address january 12 
paul ryan : obama to deliver his last state of the union address in january 
paul ryan : obama to deliver his last state of the union address january 12 
speaker ryan says state of the union address to take place january 12 ( via 
president obama to deliver final state of the union address january 12 
update ! ~ paul ryan : address january 12 
president obama will give final state of the union address on january 12 , 2016 , house speaker paul ryan announces . 

34 university students injured after bus overturned in virginia ; driver charged with reckless driving . 
more than 30 students injured in va . bus accident 
more than 30 college students injured in bus accident 

obama pays his respects at the bataclan in paris . 
obama pays his respects in paris 
pres obama pays his respects at the bataclan the night before 
pays his respects at the bataclan in paris - cnn international 
barack obama pays respects at the bataclan in paris 
pays his respects at the in 🙏🏻 
" come to admire your handiwork ? " ~ batman to penguin in " batman returns " 1992 
president obama lays white rose at the bataclan club in tribute to victims of paris attacks . 

saudi arabia to build world's tallest building 1km tall - 
chicago officer charged with murder in shooting death of 17-year-old laquan mcdonald posted bond , authorities say . 
adviser : trump is never wrong ( 
amazon unveils new drone delivery service - top stories 
mystery of china's levitating cars solved - via 
rt chicago officer charged with murder in shooting death of 17-year-old laquan mcdonald posted bond , authorities say . https://… 
adviser : trump is never wrong : despite donald trump's " fantastic " memory , michael cohen ... 
ghostly ships with gruesome cargo hit japan's shores - 
stories cruz : most violent felons are democrats 
video news - 
listen if yall missing this go on tomorrow and watch it . pure comedy 
cruz : most violent felons are democrats : texas sen. ted cruz claimed monday during a ra ... 
arrest in threat at university of chicago - 
cops : who is buried baby's mom ? - top stories 
more than 30 students injured in bus accident - top stories 
cruz : most violent felons are democrats - top stories 
top 10 winter health myths busted - top stories 
shanghai sinking into the sea - top stories 
climate talks : beware of empty promises ( opinion ) - 
global warming : why you should care about cop21 - 
cops : who is buried baby's mom ? by via - top stories 
more than 30 students injured in bus accident by via - top stories 
donald trump's pants are on fire ; does anyone care ? - 
cops : who is buried baby's mom ? ( source : 
more than 30 students injured in bus accident ( source : 
answers we want from ' star wars ' ( 
man trapped in car as train approaches by via - top stories 
weeknd , ' uptown funk ' win big ( 
man trapped in car as train approaches - top stories 
equine therapy helps dancer find her feet - 
capturing the turbulent beauty of ' storms ' – cnn photos - blogs 
"' a charlie brown christmas ' celebrates 50 years - " 
rt this is inexcusable , " the april 19 death of freddie gray , the son of an illiterate heroin addict … 
2015 soul train awards big winners - 
man trapped in car as train approaches ( source : 
rt police report ' active shooter ' in colorado springs - 
the kid suing obama over climate change ( opinion ) - - 
planned parenthood shooting victims focused on family - top stories 
city chokes on off-the-charts pollution - top stories 
boko haram overtakes isis as deadliest terrorists : study - 
‘ mystery of china’s levitating cars solved – ’ via 
michelin guide announces new destination : singapore - 
planned parenthood shooting victims focused on family by via - top stories 
city chokes on off-the-charts pollution by via - top stories 
planned parenthood shooting victims focused on family ( source : 
city chokes on off-the-charts pollution ( source : 
more clinton emails released - top stories 
singapore joins hong kong , nyc as top food destination : gastro tourists may want to boo ... 
tell us why is too much 
rt body of downed pilot back in russia - 
reporting from the front lines of syria's civil war - 
singapore joins hong kong , nyc as top food destination - top stories 
couple reenacts wedding photos , 70 years on - top stories 
more clinton emails released by via - top stories 

" voters in burkina faso went to the polls on sunday to select a new president and legislature . " 
burkina faso rebounds from military plot to hold promisingly free elections 
rt voters in burkina faso went to the polls on sunday to select a new president ... 
burkina faso : from military plot to free elections - 

. to pitch plan to spend $350 billion on infrastructure via 
rt does anyone else seem to be rolling out detailed policy plans ? c'mon boys ... 
“ get your sledgehammers ready . we’ve got a glass ceiling to demolish ” 
rt basking in union support , rolls out her infrastructure plan 
hillary clinton’s plan for infrastructure : make businesses pay for it ( via 
. rolls out her plan to increase federal investment by $275b over the next 5 yrs : 
basking in union support , clinton rolls out infrastructure plan 
basking in union support , rolls out infrastructure plan . 
hillary clinton rolls out plan for infrastructure spending that increases investment by $275 billion over 5 years . 

. seeks to seal his climate legacy in terror-addled paris via 
obama seeks to seal climate legacy in terror-addled paris 
ok so the peace deal failed , let's try .. obama seeks 2 seal climate legacy in terror-addled paris 
obama to climate legacy in paris 
air force one lands in paris ; president obama hopes to seal historic climate accord . 

student threatened ' white devils ' 
empty threat is amuse . i doubt kid has/had $15-20k in guns . bigger q is how did make bail at $1.5 m ? 
chicago threat suspect allegedly sought to avenge laquan mcdonald's death 
student suspected of threatening to kill people at university of chicago is identified as 21-year-old jabari dean . 
this guy is a terrorist too . he might have ruined his own life with this , but at least he didn't ruin anyone else's . 
this guy was going to kill as many white devils and police as he could himself . 
suspect allegedly threatened to murder " white devils " at university of chicago . 
chicago threat suspect sought to avenge laquan mcdonald's death did political rhetoric lead to this ? 
hey media , how come this monster gets away without the label of being a terrorist ? 
now we have to suffer racist terrorists ? 
the right-wing sewer is going to overflow because a black person threatened to avenge the murder of laquan mcdonald 
in that closed 
chicago thug apprehended ; threatened to kill u of chicago " white devils " : 
jabari dean of chicago arrested for threatening to die killing as many " white devils " and policemen as possible : 
rt gun violence threat closes university of chicago 
man who threatened university of chicago caught . " i will execute aproximately ( sic ) 16 white male students and or s … 
the sooner people realize race and religion don't matter , insane people are just fucking insane , the better <3 : 
arrest in threat at university of chicago 
chicago threat suspect , jabari dean , arrested - 
we don't need any overreactions . 
what is your response to this article ? 
threat shuts college ; arrest made 
21 year old arrested in chicago after posting racist rant with threats of a mass shooting . 
college campus shuts college ; arrest made 
building convobox to prevent this : gun threat closes university of chicago campus 
i blame blm and their rhetoric . 
university of threat suspect allegedly sought to avenge death 
rt student suspected of threatening to kill people at university of chicago a " … 
this is not ok . join or support the movement . or don't incite violence on others . period ! 
student arrested in threat that closed chicago campus 
university of illinois at chicago says a student has been arrested after threats closed another university monday . 

suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after planned parenthood shooting 
jennifer markovsky and ke’arre stewart were the civilians killed in planned parenthood shooting , officials say . 
source : suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after 
so called pro-lifer ... is a murderer . 
source : colorado shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' - 
source : shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after planned parenthood shooting 
the planned parenthood killer had anti-abortion & right-wing views & mentioned " baby parts " lies spread by the media 
shooting finally , some info on the other victims ! i've only seen info about the leo , why is that ? 
ke'arre stewart saved lives before he died . a hero in iraq and at home . 
insight on the planned parenthood shooting 
domestic terrorism should receive greater attention than it does in this country . 
your name is on this . why isn't this " source " or " official " named ? everyone else in the story is named . 
can you read this without sensing the presence of a pro-life editor ? 
besides that , cnn , doesn't this " official " have a fucking name ? is it an unnamed source ? why ? 
rt the planned parenthood shooter talked about " baby parts , " language that we've heard politicians and pundits use . https … 
source : terror suspect's words suggest anti-abortion motive fixed it for you 
rt divorce , estrangement , isolation and mental health issues . our deviant culture creates monsters where once we had men h … 
source : shooting suspect's words suggest anti-abortion motive 
what were they doing ? mt jennifer markovsky & ke’arre stewart were civilians killed near pp . 
source : shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after attack 
crazy wrong re motive . 
should rush and his fox friends be culpable for inciting ? suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' 
suspect speaks of " baby parts " from video 
we now know is a terrorist and should be treated as such . 

shooting suspect appears in court 
no bond for accused planned parenthood shooter 
rt shooting suspect due in court has the latest . … 
damn this guy is ugly ! too bad his mother did not abort him !! 
planned parenthood shooting suspect made his first court appearance 
have blood on their hands for inciting using lying videos 
read how passive the language is describing dear . 
so you kill people because you are pro life ? that makes sense .... 
rt blame carly fiorina for the terrorist in colorado . 
investigators believe planned parenthood shooting suspect robert lewis dear acted alone . 

