

5 things you need to know about russian jet shot down by turkey 
5 things to know about russian jet shot down by turkey 
5 things you need to know about shot down by turkey - 
5 things to know about turkey downed a russian war jet 
russian president vladimir putin says the downing of the jet is a " a stab in the back by the terrorists ' ... 
5 things you need to know about jet shot down by 













. don't get swayed by the gop's " fear tactics and scare mongering " 
clinton : don't get swayed by gop ' fear tactics and scare mongering ' 
president hillary rodham clinton " i want democrats to vote for me , but i want sensible republicans to vote for ... 
clinton : gop ' scare mongering ' 
as her former state department issued a world wide travel alert : rt : clinton : don't get swayed by gop care mongering ' 
clinton : don't get swayed by gop ' fe wtf hillary , no need . look at the world ? open your eyes ! 
tell the french not 2 b swayed or the belgians ! hungary is not stupid ie killary/barry ! 



rt multiple people injured after shooting at new orleans park . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park 
as i remember it in the 1990s . how can so much joy and art and so much violence go together ? 
police no witnesses 17 injured in shootout park if black lives really matter then speak up you know who it was 
17 injured in new orleans shooting 
says only nation where this regularly happens . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park . in 
and ur gonna ask for a source so here you go why no ppl talk about this shit 
ya 17 blacks shot by blacks yeaterday at bunny park yet no mention on here why please explain 
why have you not mentioned the 17 blacks shotby other blks at bunny park ? doesnt fit ur narrative . 
lol did u react like this to the 17 black ppl shot at bunny park last night by other black ppl . 
are you also gonna hunt the guys that shot 17 black ppl at bunny park last night ? 
why dont u supposed supporters mention last nights massacre of blacks by blacks ? 
more 
are the black ppl who shot 17 other black ppl yesterday also terrorists . why dont u mention that ? 
why dont u pray for the 17 blacks shot in a park by other black ppl last night in new orleans ? 
black lives matter ... 
y no outrage and protests for 17 black ppl getting shot by other blacks 
why are u not mentioned the 17 black ppl shot in a park last night by other blk ppl 
16 injured in new orleans shooting 
thoughts and prayers to those affected in the new orleans shooting . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured god told you everyday this week until the dismember 
rt police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped … 
rt 16 people shot by thugs in new orleans in 1 nite and we r worried about isis ? go figure ! 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped this 
seventeen people were shot in new orleans in a crowded park . 
why worry about americans shoot at themselves . hundreds of witnesses , very few speak out . 
17 injured in park shooting in new orleans . 
how horrible ! 
if blacks reported criminals , america would be a completely different place . 
police seek witnesses after shootout at crowded park - someone knows something . come on !! 
" police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout " at bunny friend park " hundreds of witnesses " 😞 
if you see nothing , explain how you are not part of the problem . 
i love my hometown . stop the violence . 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in new orleans 
breaking news that just occurred in louisiana 
what's up with 
why are mass shooting becoming so popular ? 16 dead at a music video shoot . 
shooting in new orleans leaves many injured 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in 😔 

. walks back on his support for disputed 9/11 claim 
except for own reporting - carson walks back support for trump's 9/11 celebration clm 
rt . 9/11 claim widely disputed . 
that's a lie ! 
carson walks back support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
nyt’s doesn’t recall anyone saying “ thousands , or even hundreds " celebrated 9/11 : 
no surprise about this . trump is a pathological liar . 
donald trump's 9/11 celebration claim widely disputed - - 
rt trumps claim about celebrations for 9/11 attacks is nonsense . election 2016 = if it sounds true , good enough . … 
literally check cnn and any other major news outlet . example : 
another example of trying 2 lose elections so he can make political deals do rem 5 dancing israelis 
first thought this story was about those shitty fox news broadcasts that were widely discredited as pakistani cric … 
carson apologizes , but trump repeats disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
nothing will change . his poll numbers will jump 30 pts & he'll further lock in the ignorant , racist cracker vote . 
pants on fire ! honesty ? none ! no support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
rt carson camp walks back support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
trump's 9/11 claim widely disputed 
needs to be the best & brightest the us has not two turnips that fell off the truck 
. first carson said he saw it , before he said he unsaw it - 
is a joke . what a clown ... | 








i don't care if you ever see this , you are a stupid , obnoxious , petty piece of shit . 
edited video overlays clinton laughing onto images of benghazi wreckage 
trump video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage 
. video shows laughing over benghazi wreckage 
trump video shows clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 
donald trump video shows hillary clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 
rt ok donald , this is irresponsible . video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage … 

u2 will ' put on our best ' for rescheduled paris concert 
u2 back in paris the first weekend of december -- hbo concert rescheduled for dec . 7 : 

no . 2 believed banished by 
no . 2 to north korea's has vanished , but likely just getting re-educated instead of killed . 
leader kim jong-un purges another party leader ; his second in command . … 
oh , choe ryong hae , not like this : 
north korea's no . 2 banished by kim jong un ? 
north korea's no . 2 believed banished why wont someone take this dictator down , n . korea is worthless 
asking questions about disappeared people ... no point in that . 




rt a chicago police officer has been charged with 1st-degree murder in the 2014 shooting death of laquan mcdonald . … 
rt rt a chicago police officer has been charged with 1st-degree murder in the 2014 ... ht … 
a year later . 
police officer who shot laquan mcdonald charged with murder 
chicago police officer charged with murder - 
" protests are imminent . " ~ ~ pastor acree : greater st. john bible church | | 
chicago police officer charged with first-degree murder of black teen 
rt chicago police officer who shot has been charged 
for anyone living in chicago i'd watch out . 
rt chicago police officer who shot charged with murder 
thanks for your pivotal role in the release of this video . " you can't heal what you don't acknowledge . " 
rt a chicago police officer has been charged with 1st-degree murder in the 2014 shooting death of - https :/ … 
justice !!! 
meanwhile , in chicago : officer who shot laquan mcdonald charged with murder 
just in : chicago police officer charged with first-degree murder in death of laquan mcdonald 


he escaped ' the beast ' of 
why i stay in baltimore 
rt he escaped ' the beast ' of 
a compelling portrait . from squeegee boy to college professor , d . watkins escaped ' the beast ' of 
great article on the inner city .... and going on to success .... enjoy 
cool article . 
great feature on on check it out here - ' the beast side ' is available now 
escaped ' the beast ' of baltimore 


from new york to tokyo , this artist recreates cities entirely out of paper 
amazing miniature cities made of paper and glue - 
incredible : cities constructed entirely from ... 


on balance compassion and safety 
. on refugees , balance compassion and safety via 
paul ryan : on refugees , balance , safety , compassion 
rt new op-ed by on " on refugees , balance compassion and safety " 
there are credible persons in syria to vouch for each one ? >> paul ryan : on refugees , balance compassion & safety 
paul ryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety 
ryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety i hope this is not a smoke screen 2 pacify concerned americans 
rt . cnn op-ed : " on refugees , balance safety , compassion " 
house speaker says america can balance compassion and safety w/ refugees : 
house passed american safe act . background check 
. speakerryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety vi … 
rt essay by - balance security & compassion in addressing 
based on ' logic ' , we should avoid anything/anyone that ' might be a threat ' . like 
paul ryan : on humans , balance compassion and safety - cnn international 

cruz begins to split with trump , rubio , carson . but the big q : what exactly is he waiting for to draw real contrast ? 
ted cruz , on the attack 
the 2016 spotlight is turning to the junior senator from texas ... my colleague ' s story : 
. is on the attack via 
new , from west des moines -- ted cruz , who refused to touch contrast with a stick , now finds himself in crosshairs . 


pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests in pregnant wife's murder 
amanda blackburn news : 
" today i am deciding to love , not hate . " 
indiana amanda blackburn killing arrest - 
pastor chooses ' love not hate ' after wife's killing 
rt police arrest man in connection with murder of pregnant pastor's wife . 
two arrested in death of pastor's wife amanda blackburn 
controversy ? amanda blackburn murdered . 
where is the outrage , protests , and signs for ? 
when the media gonna fawn over this husbands ability to forgive ? 
man arrested in pastor's wife murder case - 
- there is real evil in this world , and these soulless , disgusting monsters prove it . 
we have a sick culture in america . arrests in death of pastors wife . they were on crime spree . don't blame poverty . 
men arrested in pastor's wife killing 
" choosing to let my emotions drive my decisions is recipe for a hopeless and fruitless life . " 
cnn has them shown here . think obama will comment on this case ? don't hold your breath ... 
imagine if the races were reversed pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests pregnant wife's murder 
no punishment on earth will be as bad as when these two get to hell . 
white lives matter as much as any other life . killing is killing our blood flows the same . respect to this ... 
if you believe in see this 












. hits new lows 
donald trump's disturbing race war 
donald trump's ' disturbing racial rhetoric ' 
donald trump < go look at the art in his campaign hq slide show . wow . 
after slandering mexicans as drug dealers and rapists , and retweeting images of monkeys trying to cross the ... 
donald trump's disturbing racial rhetoric ( opinion ) - 
what's this about 
donald hits new lows 
rt donaldtrumphitsnewlows op ed is slanderous the protester didnt get beat up & trump never retw … 
donaldtrumphitsnewlows op ed is slanderous the protester didnt get beat up & trump never retweeted that image 
trump building constituency of white christians with his racial slurs ? speak against him white christians ... stand up 
if this man is elected president i am leaving the country . does he even think about what he says ? 
my cnn article on trump's racist rhetoric 
more lies from trump's filthy mouth . every time he opens his mouth he spews more hate and feces than anyone else ... 
you say trump has hit a new low ... but he's still in the lead . stop looking at him and look at us ! 
trump's supporters will be considered guilty by association . guilty of his disturbing racial rhetoric . 
does trump hope you have the same like the dutch : not allowed to ask a judge if a law is against constitution ? 
after this terrible piece re & his supporters -i'm wondering why rep debates would ever be on cnn😞 




