remember this holiday season ! picks in her do-gooder gift guide 
honored to be featured in cnn's annual " do gooder holiday gift guide " this year ! check it out ! 

today marks the 60th anniversary of taking a stand 
thank you rosa parks ! 
60th anniversary of a dignified stand - rosa parks . 
remembering 
60 years ago , today , refused to give up her seat . 
and the boycott that came after her courageous stance will never be forgotten ! 
and the boycott that came after her courageous stance will never be forgotten ! … 
an amazing woman - very courageous and forward thinking - and she had had enough ! thank goodness for people like ... 
it's been 60 years ! there is an amazing account of this in " the power of habit " 
60 years ago , rosa parks took a stand by refusing to move to the back of a bus . 
parks fought to not sit in the back of the bus ; niggers today always sit in the back . 
celebrating the 60 year anniversary of rosa parks 

17 ' star wars ' locations that actually exist 
17 locations that actually exist 

obama names new isis adviser 
white house names a new adviser and counter-terror measures 
obama names rob malley as new isis adviser ( h/t 
anyone else think this sounds similar to bush's war on terrorism ? isis needs to be addressed , but this way ? 
dw_bengali : rt cnnpolitics : white house names a new adviser and counter-terror measures via kristenhcnn … 
white house names a new adviser and counter- terror measures 
names new adviser , measures 
close enough usa 🇺🇸🍰 
i hope this person is not a jv amateur in practice 
not yet mr. obama . get used to the idea of your terror-semantics-inaction being memorable parts of your legacy . 
i trust this one has heard of isis ? 
white house announces new counter-terror measures , isis adviser 
announces new counter terror campaign . 

newborn found buried alive along la-area walking path 
baby girl 4-5 days old found buried alive in police ask public to help find mother ... 
authorities seek public's help in finding mother of baby buried under asphalt 
lucky kid 
what . too many emotions with this one . 
this baby is just 4.3 pounds but a fighter . any idea why mom would bury the infant and not take advantage of ... 

new hampshire union leader endorses ... | 
union leader in n.h. endorses chris christie as " right for these dangerous times . " 
union leader no longer good picking gop nominees endorses christie . about worst on for . pol . 
why would a nh newspaper endorse someone who is so far behind and unlikely to get the nomination ? 
this endorsement used to be significant . now it's like all other newspaper endorsements . 
the biggest paper in nh just endorsed christie ! re-upping my piece on christie-mentum 

' people are afraid of each other ' - 
the scourge of 
" status and popularity won't serve as shields from the exigencies of blackness . " race and reality : 
it's good to see two of my mentors and favorite nonprofit featured in this articles . 
residents tell how modern segregation impacts life : 
a ground zero for cultural and political wars - 

16 questions we want answered in 

mayor " the killing of laquan mcdonald is a vivid reminder we have much more work to do as a city " 

go ahead tell me again how the gop isn't spreading lies , misinformation and hate . you fucking idiots . 
cruz campaign : ex-felons vote d , so therefore violent criminals are ds 
ted cruz says overwhelming crimes are from democrats he should join in 
ted cruz : most violent felons are democrats 
this quote is a hoax from a parody site . but many of cruz's real quotes are just as loathsome . 
. most violent felons are democrats via 
but most public corruption felons are republicans ... and that's true ! 
" every time you have some sort of violent crime or mass killing , you could almost see the media salivating ,... 
ted cruz is an asshole . 
most violent felons are democrats yes cuz so many of these felons will go out and vote 
yes , is right that most violent felons are democrats . conservatives & gop need to repeat this truth . 
. tedcruz : most violent felons are democrats via ericbradner 

16 questions we want answered in ' star wars : the force awakens ' 
answers we want from ' star wars ' 
where's luke skywalker ? 
16 questions we want answered in the force awakens 
this looks fun ... 
star wars : 16 questions we want answered - 

mystery of china's levitating cars solved - 
crazy ... you have to watch this !!!! the mystery of china's levitating cars solved 
mystery of china's levitating cars solved - via 
turns out this video of cars lifting off the ground in china was real . 
in strange news ... " thousands shared the video of the seemingly gravity-defying accident . " 

volkswagen's u.s. sales plunge 25% in wake of emissions scandal 
volkswagen said u.s. sales plunged 25% in november in the wake of the german automaker's massive emissions cheating scandal . 

history of violence against proves attacks don't stop abortion 
murder , bombings , arson , acid attacks : a brief history of " christian " anti-abortion violence 
a brief history of anti-abortion violence . 
murder , arson , acid attacks : planned parenthood long a target bet all the attackers were church going republicans 
a brief history of violence 

: things to know as it celebrates 50 years 
my tree's not bad at all , really . maybe it just needs a little love 
' a charlie brown christmas ' celebrates 50 years - 
watching a charlie brown christmas and getting tears in my eyes ....... 
almost didn't happen 😱 cbs execs said " we'll play it once and that will be all . good try " 🤔 
' a charlie brown christmas ' marks 50 years 
' a charlie brown christmas ' : did you know ? 
50 years of charlie brown christmas - pure innocence 
happy 50th anniversary charlie brown ! 
did u know ? the famous monologue about true meaning of christmas was almost cut " -'a charlie brown christmas ' 50 yrs 
' a charlie brown christmas ' celebrates 50 years ( via 
our favorite family christmas tradition-watching this movie with a cup of hot chocolate with marshmallows and a ... 
good grief ! one of my favorite christmas movies turns 50 : 
happy birthday charlie brown('s christmas special ) 

pastors speak after meeting with " it was a great day " 
black pastors do not endorse trump in fact they condemn a ticket based on bigotry 
trump on meeting with black pastors : ' i saw love in that room ' 
rt black religious leaders : no trump endorsement 
. " this meeting was amazing " 
last night , omarosa was front and center for trump's shenanigans . i wonder how much does a soul cost for these days ? 
rt . on his meeting with black pastors : " i saw love in that room " … 
cancels ! black pastors mixed on donald trump endorsement - cnn 
black pastors mixed on trump endorsement - cnn 
trump enthusiastic after meeting with black pastors - 
black pastors mixed on endorsement 
cnn politics meeting with " it was a great day " 
black religious leaders : no donald trump endorsement - 

brothers rescue bald eagle , win the internet 
thought this was pretty dope 
the eagle certainly looks happy to have met these two men . 
canadian brothers rescue bald win the internet 
canadian brothers rescue win the internet 
pretty freakin ' cool . that is one huge , and happy , bird ! 
good to see people helping eagles , like this pair who saved a bald eagle : 
rescuing an eagle 
men rescue eagle , win internet 

chicago threat suspect allegedly sought to avenge laquan mcdonald's death 
arrest in gun violence threat that closed university of chicago campus 
there you go . 
rt student suspected of threatening to kill people at university of chicago is identified as 21-year-old jabari dean . … 
jabari dean accused of threatening to kill 16 white students/staff at u for revenge laquan mcdonald's death 
so question , where are the protesters now ? oh , that's right , we would be racist to protest this . 
student threatened ' white devils ' 
man threatens to kill many white students , teachers and cops over social media to avenge friend's death 
rt gun violence threat closes university of chicago 
empty threat is amuse . i doubt kid has/had $15-20k in guns . bigger q is how did make bail at $1.5 m ? 
this guy is a terrorist too . he might have ruined his own life with this , but at least he didn't ruin anyone else's . 
this guy was going to kill as many white devils and police as he could himself . 
suspect allegedly threatened to murder " white devils " at university of chicago . 
chicago threat suspect sought to avenge laquan mcdonald's death did political rhetoric lead to this ? 
hey media , how come this monster gets away without the label of being a terrorist ? 
now we have to suffer racist terrorists ? 
the right-wing sewer is going to overflow because a black person threatened to avenge the murder of laquan mcdonald 
in that closed 
chicago thug apprehended ; threatened to kill u of chicago " white devils " : 
jabari dean of chicago arrested for threatening to die killing as many " white devils " and policemen as possible : 

new parents in u.s. get 20 weeks paid leave here 
credit suisse gives new parents in u.s. 20 weeks paid leave 
credit suisse gives new parents in u.s. 20 weeks paid leave - cnn 
20 weeks paid maternity leave and free nannies when you travel . 
wall street routine of rushing back to work days after having a baby may be over soon : 

convenience store in england robbed by giant bipedal men : 
robbers in panda onesies hit store 
you and brian doing a little extra celebrating ? 
nothing worse than a gang pandas in onsies . 
your tweet was quoted in an article by 

isn't condom police- 
not reminds voters ' not condom police ' via 
yes felicio gop is not the condom police those are for men , but birth control pills you know the kind women take ... 
gaw . if it weren't for lies , would be effectively mute . 
during a stop in iowa , cruz accused clinton of falsely attacking the gop as " the condom police . " cruz added : ... 
ted cruz talks contraception in iowa : " last i checked we don't have a rubber shortage in america . " 
. the gop is not the " condom police " via 
cruz on condoms : ' last i checked we don't have a rubber shortage ' 
rt ted cruz : no , the gop isn't the condom police great way to deal with the ' war on women ' narrat … 
: isn't " we don't have a rubber shortage in america . " 
condom police is the name of my new band 
wait , didn't he just attend an event literally overflowing jesus freaks who want to ban contraception ? 
ted cruz : isn't condom police you just lie so incessantly ... it's embarrassing . 
cruz : gop isn't ' condom police ' they sure act like they are . 
says gop not " the condom police . " by 
. i have never met anybody , any conservative who wants to ban contraceptives . http : 
rt " when i was in college we had a machine in the bathroom , you put . 50 cents in and voila ! " -ted cruz via https … 
ted cruz : no , the gop isn't the condom police great way to deal with the ' war on women ' narrative 
name calling and hyperbole are easy . example ; " ted is a pandering clownshow , and humiliation to americans " . see ? 
rt cruz on condoms : ' last i checked we don't have a rubber shortage ' via 
of course says he's against birth control pills in the absolutely creepiest way possible . 


trump lawyer : never known him to say something inaccurate 
. aide : i've never known him to say something inaccurate 
michael cohen : donald trump has never been wrong . ever . period . 
trump aide : never known him to say something inaccurate 
i'm sorry but no one on this earth is completely right 24/7 , and donald trump surely isn't . 
gotta post this again . has a gr8 memory until he's asked if he remembers the reporter 
40/50 greatest troll job , ever , or pure ignorance ? 
donald trump aide : never known him to say something inaccurate 
donald trump aide : wow ! never known him to say something inaccurate - 
interesting portion of the interview 
. had a perplexing interview with on today's episode of the lead 

talks 
obama warns putin on intervening in syria's civil war - - 
agree 
instead of coercion may i respectfully suggest better choice ? 
yes they should !! they must - for the sake our earth , and ourselves ! 
this is extremely dangerous talk . no country must allow itself to bound this communist agenda . this is the great ... 
says talks should include " legally binding " mechanism but excluded that from nuclear 
' legally binding ' mechanism on carbon reduction required , obama says - 
obama says france's commitment to carbon reduction will be " legally binding " 
obama says initiatives should have ' legally binding ' aspect for countries -- 
obama the fraud : an obscure absentee junior senator is parachuted into the white house & gets the nobel for nothing 
yes , mr. obama now wants to run the world . smh . arrogant . insolent . pretentious . community organizer ? really ? 
all for it 

. hits on 9/11 , mocking reporter but still supports him over 
. on 9/11 claims : " it's just wrong " via 
christie on trump's 9/11 claims : ' it's just wrong ' . 
-who thinks is " addictive gateway drug " - on trump's 9/11 claims : ' it's just wrong ' 
. " laughable " for to lecture on national security 
christie gets kudos for standing up to the orchestrated mal-factual trump . 4 a smart 
1st hand experience w/ christie - poor job in new jersey - never here & more interested in himself than nj ... 
. on mocking of disabled reporter : " it's just not worthy of someone running for president " 

exploring the extraordinary sets of 
exploring the extraordinary sets of ' gotham ' - 
is trending : 
loving those sets on click here for more : 
rt what i learned exploring the amazing sets of 
thanks on the set 
check out the set of and watch the season finale tonight ! 

chicago mayor asks for police superintendent's resignation 
chicago mayor emanuel says he's asked for resignation of police superintendent mccarthy . … 
chicago mayor asks for police superintendent's resignation blk leaders r weak passive & lacking intellectually 
chicago mayor asks for chief's resignation redundant . he had seen the video and had continued to support murderers . 
and where is the resignation of the mayor & d.a. ? mayor asks for police superintendent's resignation 
chicago police chief fired - 
chicago mayor emanuel is the one who should resign but asks for police superintendent's resignation 
rt chicago mayor will announce tuesday the creation of a task force on police accountability , his office says . … 
it is about time 
chicago mayor wants police accountability task force - this is a pathetic response . 
mayor asks police chief gary mccarthy for his resignation 
mccarthy whacked by rahm 
not enough . 
good for chicago mayor : 
this has been brewing for a long time in " chiraq ! " 
rt rt mayor emanuel says he's asked for resignation of police superintendent mccarthy . https … 
rt breaking : in wake of teen's shooting , chicago police chief is fired -- via cnn 

at&t raises price for grandfathered unlimited data plans 
been tempted by the international offerings by and this move by makes it more tempting 
bummer : at&t raises price for grandfathered unlimited data plans : 
what do you think of move to increase grandfathered unlimited data plans ? at 
yeah , this price increase affects my unlimited at&t data plan for my ipad ( a plan i've held onto ever since my ... 
are you with at&t ? “ at&t raises price for grandfathered unlimited data plans ” 
at&t raises price for grandfathered unlimited data plans - cnnmoney 
at&t is raising the price of its unlimited data plans 
it's the end of the world as we know it ... for at&t 
y'all ain't shit at 
at&t raises price for unlimited data plans : time to ditch " think metro , think elite " 
raises price for grandfathered plans 
you'll have to pry my unlimited data from my cold , dead hands ! at&t raises price for grandfathered unlimited data : 
at&t raises price for gradfathered unlimited data plans : 
at&t is raising the price of unlimited data plans 

once again , so very proud of obama joining world leaders facing real climate issues over the cowardly deniers 
today i " m grateful to all of you who choose local and organic food because i know together we are part of the ... 
" never have the stakes been so high " 
' never have the stakes been so high ' via - it's time everyone pays attention , not just leaders ! 
rt climate change summit : ' never have the stakes been so high ' via 
rt summit : ' never have the stakes been so high ' 
" the future of the planet , the future of life " : important time in discussions about climate change 
cop21 : ' never have the stakes been so high ' - 
cop 21 climate change summit : ' never have the stakes been so high ' - cnn 
rt cop21 has begun ! never have the stakes been so high via 
climate change is killing our sex drive too .. well that explains everything ! 
" a political moment like this may not come again , " u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon told leaders gathered for ... 
big conference on climate change , taking place in paris . french president francois hollande noted that " never ... 
another climate summit , another session of inflated rhetoric . * yawn * 
" peaceful protesters had placed rows of shoes and name tags to represent the crowds not allowed to show up " : 
has started with hopes that the world will restore " balance between humanity and nature . " 
rt ya think ? : protesters throwing memorial candles at police showed " an extreme lack of respect " 
clashes in paris a day before us-china climate change sit-down - 
what's going on at the climate change summit in paris today ? 
is trending : 
150 nations reps attend cop21 ; tackle climate change global political level 
an update from the first day of the conference in paris 
" a political moment like this may not come again . " climate change conference in paris begins today . 
good article on 

here's how this alligator came to be named after 
a tale of two donald trumps , man and alligator 
please enjoy this fantastic / yarn on an alligator in florida named after 
" those people better look out because he might chew em and spit em out " " killer " story from 
i went to florida w/ to meet donald trump . no , not this one : 
is ... an alligator ?! -- - 
there are two donald trumps in this world . meet the second : 
tale of 2 trumps , man and alligator 
. met an alligator named donald trump . peak florida . 
" trump -- deemed too dangerous to live alongside other gators -- now lives in isolation ... " via 
sometimes you call a man about donald trump & he thinks you're talking about a gator . so ... you go to florida : 
" standing just outside the pen where trump — deemed too dangerous to live alongside other gators ... " 

hey stop by cnn & facebook's today and film a question for 
hey stop by cnn & facebook's today & film a question for 
hey college of charleston ! cnn and facebook are by 71 george street today to hear from you ! come by the ... 
cnn : rt cnnpolitics : hey cofc ! stop by cnn & facebook's today & film a question for … 

rudy giuliani : some new york muslims celebrated 9/11 , but donald trump ' exaggerating ' 
donald trump gives americans a bad name 
rudy giuliani : some new york muslims did celebrate 9/11 , but donald trump is ' exaggerating ' 
giuliani says some new york muslims celebrated 9/11 , but trump claim of thousands " exaggerating " ( via 
rudy giuliani tells some new york muslims celebrated 9/11 , but donald trump ‘ exaggerating ' 

u.s. marine found guilty of killing transgender woman in philippines 
marine guilty of killing transgender - 
why do news reorts mention the killer's occupation when it doesn't really matter ? u.s. marine found guilty 

. jokes that taxes gave a hernia via 
" you want to go a step further than waterboarding ? cause i'm ok with that , too . " is exactly the kind of freedom ... 
trump jokes taxes gave sanders a hernia 
so presidential . 🙈 
tasteless : jokes taxes gave a hernia 
donald trump jokes taxes gave bernie sanders a hernia 
. , spits facts at liberal media on lies/spin spread about the don making fun of reporter andradicals 
another day , another opportunity for trump to embarrass himself 

holiday lights and gadgets are killing your via 
holiday lights and gadgets are killing your wi-fi 
the surprising things messing with your wi-fi 
what's killing your wi-fi ? it might be your baby monitor via 
what's killing your wi-fi ? it might be your baby monitor via ala … 
holiday lights and gadgets are slowing your wi-fi 
a new report from britain's telecoms regulator ofcom shows that about 20% of poor wi-fi performance is caused by electronic gadgets and lights in the home . 

america's poor are still heavily in debt 
poor have big debt levels , while wealthy are cutting 
america's poor and middle class are still heavily in debt 
america's poor are still drowning in via 
american poor more debt strapped than ever when compared to their more affluent brethren . 
it's that time of year when are encouraged to spend big on others and on themselves . wealthy ... 
morgan stanley says the middle class is " eroding . " 

just in : mayor announced he asked for the resignation of police superintendent garry mccarthy 

. last state of the union will be on january 12 , 2016 
ryan announces obama's last state of the union 
paul ryan : state of the union address january 12 
rt cnnpolitics : . speakerryan : potus ' last state of the union will be on january 12 , 2016 

express scripts partners with the maker of $1 turing alternative : $immy 
new $1 alternative for infection-fighting drug whose prices increased by 5000% 
express scripts partners with maker of $1 turing alternative 
rt express scripts partners with maker of $1 turing alternative 
express scripts partners with maker of $1 turing alternative - cnn 

" i do not see a shutdown happening " over planned parenthood , mccarthy says 
. mccarthy : there won't be a shutdown over planned parenthood 
republicans not ready to force shutdown over planned parenthood 
. kevin mccarthy : there won't be a shutdown over planned parenthood 
not ready to force shutdown over planned parenthood , suck it freedom caucus ! 
republicans are not ready to force a shutdown over planned parenthood 
gop not ready to force shutdown over planned parenthood 
gop not ready for shutdown over planned parenthood 
house gop leader : no shutdown over planned parenthood 
' there won't be any government shutdown over taxpayer funding for planned parenthood , ' 
hey ! thanks for representtin ' gop ! mccarthy : no shutdown over planned parenthood funding . 
gop leader says no shutdown over planned parenthood , but hints budget deal could take until dec 18 

here we go 
u.s. marine found guilty of killing transgender woman 
rt u.s. marine found guilty of killing transgender woman - 
only 12 years ? wtf ? 
justice served . u.s. marine found guilty of killing transgender woman 
scott pemberton's actions of murder are a direct reflection of the hate and lack of tolerance existing in our ... 
gets 12 years in killing of woman 
sickening 😩 
marine gets 12 years in killing of transgender woman 
a well-deserved verdict . 
there's no justification for taking anyone's life , however , transgenders also need to disclose their " situation " . 
u.s. marine found guilty of killing woman in philippines 
us marine strangles transgendered filipino woman and leaves body in toilet 
u.s. marine guilty of killing transgender 
sentenced to up to 12 years . for murdering a human being . 

not sure what is ? here are the top 5 things you need to know 
starts today in paris until dec 11 . 150 leaders will speak about 
5 things you need to know about cop21 

joey & rory share dance as she battles terminal cancer . their story breaks my heart . sending love to fellow hoosiers 
. share a last dance as she battles stage 4 cancer 
god bless joey & rory . story is bitter sweet . i wish the family lots of strength 
joey + rory dance as she battles cancer so sad . 😳 pls flock , tweets of 🙏 & 💜 2 this angelic-brave woman & family . 
what courage you have to share your story with the world . joey feek battles stage 4 cancer 
rt . share a last dance as she battles stage 4 cancer 
joey + rory share a last dance as she battles cancer - 

hiv myths debunked by the experts via 
8 dangerous hiv myths debunked by the experts - cnn 
hiv myths debunked by the experts - 》 
8 dangerous myths debunked by the experts 
today is here are 8 dangerous hiv myths debunked by experts 

clinton says she wants russia " at the table " on syria & would " welcome " them getting into the fight . via 
. " i want russia ' at the table ' on syria " 
rt . " i want russia ' at the table ' on syria " 
. says she wants russia “ at the table ” in syria : 
hillary clinton wants russia ' at the table ' on syria . 

sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to 
ash carter sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq 
rt ash carter sending ' specialized expeditionary targeting force ' to iraq 
are these troops going in with tennis shoes on ? obama promised no boots on the ground ? 
u.s. wants to send " specialized expeditionary targeting force " to iraq , defense secretary says . 
u.s. specialized force going to iraq 

more of hillary clinton's benghazi-related emails release . tells chelsea one thing ; americans another . 
some of clinton's benghazi-related emails released 
more clinton emails released ... 
hillary emailed chelsea the truth , the night of the arrack , and then told the country a political fabrication ... 
. releases some of related emails 
released clinton emails : " you tell your family it's a terrorist attack , but not the american people . " 
some of clinton’s benghazi-related emails released 
she is a and should not be allowed to run for president . oh yeh you dems dont care . 
lies and more lies 
some of clinton's emails released 
state department releases additional clinton emails 
more of released 
clinton emails that had classified info nears 1,000 . told family benghazi was terror attack , then lied to public 
. released some of related emails 
some of hillary clinton's benghazi-related emails released 

missing surfers : remains found 
grave fears for australian surfers missing in mexico 
grave fears for missing australian surfers 
completely heartbreaking . they were hitting mine (& hubby's ) missing ; van found burned 
surfers missing ; van found burned 
surfers missing ; van found burned why in the fuck do white peoples go to mexico , never fails . 
time , & again foreigners go missing in & turned up dead . why would i ever want to visit there ! 
surfers ' families fear worst after burned van found in by 
if there were 2 bodies in the van , the surfer-dudes r dead . gf , don't spend yrs thinking a surfer was gonna propose . 

obama warns putin on intervening in syria's civil war 
warns putin on syria , another red line , obama has absolutely no credibility in the world . 
. warns vladimir putin against intervening in syria's civil war via 
u.s. president : russia shouldn't intervene in syrian civil war 
rt . warns vladimir putin against intervening in syria's civil war via http … 
. potus warns vladimir putin against intervening in syria's civil war via kevinliptakcnn 
rt " vive la france , " says in closing at his news conference in paris … 
i just love this guy . i love the condescending tone . he's right . 
bro you're like a month late for this 
this doesn't sound like something he would of done , there is something else in the air here going on . 
obama warns putin on syria 
warns on intervening in syria's civil war another dont think putin scared 
rt warns russian president vladimir putin against intervening in syria's civil war 
in late 2013 the united states began a program to train and equip syrian " moderate rebels " ; however , obama warns ... 
obama warns putin about intervening in syria at the end of climate change conference in paris . 
warns on intervening in civil war : 
as putin takes lead in syria , obama warns him not to get involved in an " inconclusive and paralyzing civil " conflict 
obama warns putin ... tensions escalate 
rt oil_signals obama warns putin ... tensions escalate 
" vive la france , " potus says in closing at his news conference in paris 

