
ok then . 
prosecutors : photos show teen disposing of teacher's body - 

paris attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep👉 
rt paris terror attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep 
possible suicide vest found 
possible suicide vest found in garbage can . 
from aircraft carrier , launches bid to build coalition - 
french launch attacks from carrier . possible suicide vest found 
finally a cowardly terrorist ! if only more terrorists where like salah abdeslam . 
it appears france has a new foreign policy for the muddle east that copies ours : bomb arabs . i suspect their ... 
isis hit by jets from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort 
france hits isis from aircraft carrier 
isis hit from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort france grew balls . allahu akbar ... 
france attacks isis from aircraft carrier - 
brussels : raids , heavy security in search for paris suspect - 




somali pirates seize iranian , thai ships - 
pirates seize ships 

family of ' clock boy ' seeks $15m 
texas ' clock boy ' seeks $15 million from city 
' clock boy's ' family seeks $15 million , apology 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city 
extortion money for radicals . 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million ridiculous . if they win money should go to muslim group 
shocker of the year . . . . never let a good money grab opportunity go to waste . 
ah , now we see what that whole " clock " thing was really about . 
sorry . you should not get $15m because your feelings were hurt 
$15 million will buy a buttload of semtex to hook up to that clock . 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed seeks $15 million , apologies - 
i believe it was a stunt to get attention and now it's a shakedown ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 mil 
( bomb ) mohamed's family sues us $15 million , demand apologies from texas city after moving to qatar , asses 
these guys just proved that they are 100% american . 
" if you see something say something " can get you sued . 
if anyone had any doubt was a fraud : disgusting . 
muslim ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family suing city for $15 million and wants apologies from texas city : 
hoax for fame-seeking wasn’t enough , now wants money too . 
family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city nice fucking work 
ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city . i am now completely unsympathetic to this kid 
this is a bit much . the kid is getting into any school he wants ! -- family seeks $15 million , apologies 
family of boy who made the handmade clock ( not really ) seeks $15 million . this seems to have been the end game 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15m , apologies from texas city . 
" fuck . " -taxpayers 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from irving , tx 




. flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution via 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution 
rt cnnpolitics : . realbencarson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution via greg … 
cnn : rt cnnpolitics : . realbencarson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution via … 
cnn : rt cnnpolitics : . realbencarson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution via gregjkrieg … 
carson flubs jefferson's role in the constitution 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution dr ben is a dangerousperson not pres material 
so , no comment from the media on obama and the 57 states . 
carson flubs thomas jefferson oh dear god this man is such an idiot ! every time he opens his mouth 
might think muslims can't be president but i don't think we should allow people who don't know history 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution - cnn 
guess dr. ben was absent they taught fancy book learnin ' history ' bout ' merca when he was was in college . 
how fing misleading is this they asked him which founding father impressed him most . no who was present at the cc 
ben carson flubs thomas jefferson's role re . the constitution : via cnn 
so ben carson does not even know what ben carson has said on this subject before ... sheesh ! 
he totally missed the late 80s . 








. hits new lows 
donald trump hits new lows 
rt donaldtrumphitsnewlows op ed is slanderous the protester didnt get beat up & trump never retw … 
donaldtrumphitsnewlows op ed is slanderous the protester didnt get beat up & trump never retweeted that image 
trump building constituency of white christians with his racial slurs ? speak against him white christians ... stand up 
if this man is elected president i am leaving the country . does he even think about what he says ? 
my cnn article on trump's racist rhetoric 
more lies from trump's filthy mouth . every time he opens his mouth he spews more hate and feces than anyone else ... 
donald trump's disturbing race war 
you say trump has hit a new low ... but he's still in the lead . stop looking at him and look at us ! 
trump's supporters will be considered guilty by association . guilty of his disturbing racial rhetoric . 
donald trump's ' disturbing racial rhetoric ' 
does trump hope you have the same like the dutch : not allowed to ask a judge if a law is against constitution ? 
after this terrible piece re & his supporters -i'm wondering why rep debates would ever be on cnn😞 












your favorite brands are launching in 
boom ! your favorite brands are launching in africa ! here's my story on cnnmoney 
your favorite brands are launching in africa . well in south africa , for now ... via 
" within five years we could be in five or six countries in africa ... this is the hottest new market in the world . " 
would want to watch the trend in with krispy kreme and dunkins now launching in africa - cnn 
africa is becoming an emerging market for lots of american brands to enter via 
money cnn companies africa starbucks krispy kreme hm dunkin donuts index 






