so many people ... 
cops track down woman who taped dog's mouth , charge her with cruelty 
woman who taped dog's mouth charged with cruelty - 
woman who duct taped dogs mouth .. arrested !!! way to go village !! 󾰀󾬖󾬓 
she should be banned from this is what gives abusers ideas to starve & break dogs . look it up . 
katherine f . lemansky was charged after a three-state investigation sparked by her facebook … 
r u out of whats left of your mind fife ? wasting taxpayers money again ? 
may the punishment fit the horrific crime !!! 
katherine f . lemansky was charged after a three-state investigation sparked by her facebook photo of her dog with ... 

cyber monday could be largest online sales day in history : adobe - 
cyber monday could turn out to be largest online sales day in history 
cyber monday could be largest online sales day ever 
msnbc this year's " cyber monday " sale event is set to be the biggest online shopping day in h ... 

' sanjay's super team ' features pixar's first human protagonist of color 
rt ' sanjay's super team ' features pixar's first human protagonist of color 

christie : parties in n.j. on 9/11 ' didn't happen ' 
christie : parties in nj on 9/11 ' didn't happen ' : 
gov . chris christie rebuked a claim by donald trump that “ thousands ” of muslims held “ tailgate parties ” in ... 
gov . christie says trump's claim of 9/11 muslim parties never happened in new jersey . 
new jersey governor chris christie rebuked a claim by donald trump that " thousands " of … 
new jersey governor chris christie rebuked a claim by donald trump that " thousands " of muslims held " tailgate ... 
christie : parties in nj on 9/11 ‘ didn’t happen ’ 
new jersey governor chris christie rebuked a claim by donald trump that “ thousands ” of muslims held “ tailgate ... 

how great will it be to have a president with business sensibilities ? so many messes to clean up !... 
trump proposes $5 million ransom for cnn debate 
congrats gop you've allowed a beginner of nazi historytrump proposes $5 million ransom for cnn debate via 
trump proposes $5 million ransom for showing up at cnn debate 
donald trump says he isn't joking anymore ; demands $5m from cnn to appear at next debate ( via 
donald trump says he's not joking anymore .... 
hey i hope your decision-makers have the stones to just let him skip your debate . 
they are calling it a ransom . he is used to being paid for speeches . 
donald trump says he’s not joking anymore . 
my words from macon , ga : 

' racing extinction ' : documentary explores global loss of wildlife 
extinction explores the global loss of wildlife . 
well said --> " we have nature deficit disorder . " - director on nbc nightly news 
hugely important documentary airing here in the usa wednesday nt on discovery : " racing extinction " i hope ... 
rt extinction explores the global loss of wildlife . 
oscar-winning filmmaker captures vanishing world in via 
" we are the asteroid . " watch this . 
rt was an honor to work on this with the legendary jake whitman doc is a must see … 
rt via ' racing extinction ' explores the global loss of wildlife . https :/ … 
dvr alert : 12/2 at 9 time to start paying attention people , we are killing the planet and everything that lives on it 
rt ' racing extinction ' : documentary explores global loss of 
' racing documentary explores global loss of - produced for the discovery channel ( and set ... 
powerful and scary piece exploring the global loss of wildlife on tonight . via 

this man stopped a suicide bomber from getting inside the paris stadium . twice . oh btw he's muslim and an immigrant . 
guard who stopped paris bomber glad he listened to daughter 
and he's a devout muslim :-) ... as if that needs to be pointed out ... gop 
wow great story on a guy who stopped one of the bombers from getting inside paris stadium 
meet the paris stadium guard who blocked a suicide bomber 
shared via nbc news for windows phone 8.1 
one of my old colleague told me after visiting her family in portugal . she been warned from her family to be ... 
via nbcnewsthis man stopped a suicide bomber from getting in the paris stadium . twice . he's muslim and an immigrant . 
meet the stadium guard who blocked a suicide bomber 
check , hatred for mankind check , the tickets to enter the stadium ?... gaaaahh ! via 
on the night he became an accidental french national hero , salim toorabally's daughter … 
meet the hero who turned away a suicide bomber 
on the night he became an accidental french national hero , salim toorabally's daughter warned him to be " extra ... 
on the night he became an accidental french national hero , salim toorabally’s daughter warned him to be “ extra ... 

oregon mountain climber dies after falling into crevasse 
oregon hiker dies after falling into crevasse 
a 32-year-old hiker died after falling into a crevasse in oregon's cascade mountains over … 
a 32-year-old hiker died after falling into a crevasse in oregon's cascade mountains over the weekend ,... 

bill gates , mark zuckerberg and several other of the world's wealthiest tech and business titan .. 
tech billionaires team up to push clean energy 
gates , zuckerberg and other tech titans team up to push clean energy : 
tech titans team up to fight climate change , advance clean-energy technologies 
bill gates , mark zuckerberg and several other of the world's wealthiest tech and business … 

who clinton called grinch and more from latest email dump 
state dept releases clinton emails proving she was aware the libya attacks were an organized militia via 
state department releases largest batch yet of clinton emails 
the state department on monday released 7,800 more pages of hillary clinton's emails from … 
new idea ... i'm going to take snippets from articles and then edit them to reflect the truth . in this first ... 
state department releases largest batch yet of clinton emails via nbcnews 
the state department on monday released 7,800 more pages of hillary clinton's emails from her time as secretary ... 
the state department on monday released 7,800 more pages of hillary clinton’s emails from her time as secretary ... 

greg fisk , new mayor of juneau , alaska , found dead in home - 
alaskan mayor found dead in home 
greg fisk , new mayor of found dead in home 
juneau , alaska , mayor greg fisk found dead in home 
juneau police wouldn't comment on the cause of death and said they hadn't yet determined … 
juneau police wouldn't comment on the cause of death and said they hadn't yet determined whether mayor greg ... 
rt police confirm new juneau , alaska , mayor greg fisk has been found dead in his home . … 
greg fisk , the new mayor of juneau , alaska , was found dead in his home monday , police said . 

as mark toner says " so what " if u.s. confirms russian plane entered turkish airspace ? 
downed plane entered airspace : 
downed russian plane entered turkish airspace : u.s. 
u.s. confirms that downed russian plane entered turkish airspace 
russia is ( in ) a sorry state . via nbcnews 
u.s. confirms that downed russian plane entered turkish airspace via 
us confirms that downed russian plane entered turkish airspace - 
thats not true and ur not objective . turkishairforces warned 10 times but they didnt leave our airspace 
but the state department won't say how it determined the russian craft's flight path .... 
but the state department won’t say how it determined the russian craft’s flight path . be sociable , share !... 

clinton ( mostly ) basks in glow of women senators 
clinton basks in glow of women senators — with one absence - 
rt clinton ( mostly ) basks in glow of women senators 
web dsign clinton basks in glow of wom ... 
there were 13 chairs lined up on stage behind hillary clinton’s podium here monday night , one for each democratic ... 

south dakota ghost town on sale for $ 250,000 
rt south dakota ghost town on sale for $ 250,000 via 
south dakota ghost town on sale for $250000 - 
kinda want to sell my house and buy a town : 
the roughly 6-acre town of swett , includes a tavern , three-bedroom house and a former tire … 
" the tiny prairie domain also comes w/a new town sign ... to replace the previous 1 that was riddled w/bullet holes . " 
great deal , whole town for sale at 250k 
south dakota ghost town on sale for 50,000 
just in time for holiday shopping : ghost town , complete with its own watering hole , is on sale for $ 250,000 
the roughly 6-acre town of swett , includes a tavern , three-bedroom house and a former tire shop about 100 miles ... 

robert dear could face death in planned parenthood killings 
planned parenthood shooting suspect could face death 
that cold hearted son of a bitch needs the torchure sentence , and sooner than later . 
judge informs alleged gunman in planned parenthood attack that he could face death penalty . 
i'm against the death penalty . i think rotting in jail for the rest of his miserable life is more fitting . 
face of terrorism ! planned parenthood terrorist told he could face death penalty 
judge informs alleged gunman in attack that he could face death penalty . 
planned parenthood shooting suspect appears in court , could face death ( msnbc ) ( 1825 gmt ) 
robert dear appears in court , could face death in planned parenthood killings 
rt robert dear could face death in planned parenthood killings … 
this guy❗ 
planned parenthood shooter is charged with first degree murder in court today wearing a protective vest . 
planned parenthood shooting suspect appears in court , could face death ( msnbc ) ( 1548 gmt ) 
the man accused of killing three people at a colorado planned parenthood clinic made his … 

officer charged with murder in death posts bond , leaves jail | nbc chicago via 
bail set at $1.5 m for cop in laquan mcdonald death 
bail set at . 5m for cop in laquan mcdonald death 
officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death posts bond , leaves jail | nbc chicago via 
cop in laquan mcdonald death to be freed on bail - 
officer charged in laquan mcdonald's death returns to court 
cop charged with killing laquan mcdonald has posted bail and is expected to be released . 
had someone on video shot a cop 16 times i don't think he'd be out on bail . via nbcchicago 
what is the use of having video evidence in this case when the law allows you because of technicality , a crimanal ... 
officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death posts bond | nbc chicago via 
officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death posts bond , leaves jail via 
officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death posts bond | nbc chicago too ! 
officer charged with murder in death posts bond | nbc chicago via 
" officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death posts bond " vía 
$1.5 m bail for officer charged in laquan mcdonald's death 
lots of news today in the case -> prayer rally tonight , plus bond set for charged officer . details : 
lmfao ... i told mother fuckers he was getting bail ... lol . they are letting you know they can do whatever they ... 
bail set at $1.5 m for officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death | nbc chicago via 
bail is set at $1.5 million for chicago police officer charged with murder in the shooting death of 
the hearing for van dyke comes after days of protests in chicago over the killing of 17-year … 
bail set at $1.5 m for officer charged with murder in ' s death 
the hearing for van dyke comes after days of protests in chicago over the killing of 17-year-old laquan mcdonald .... 
officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death returns to court - nbc chicago : nbc chicago officer charged … 
officer charged in laquan mcdonald's death due in court 

retailers face growing out-of-stock , overstock , return costs via 
the costs of poor inventory management is increasing for retailers - contact us to learn how icontrol can help ! 
logistics are growing challenge for retailers 
msnbc out-of-stocks , overstocks and returns are costing retailers $1.75 trillion a year as th ... 
msnbc : logistics are growing challenge for retailers 

couple drops 00k check into salvation army kettle 
minnesota couple drops $500000 check into salvation army kettle - 
" it's time to take care of others , the way you were taken care of " couple gives $500k via 
and i was feeling all uppity about the $10 i dropped in the kettle , oh well . 
couple drops $ 500,000 check into salvation army kettle 
as mentioned in the usreport , couple made huge donation to by dropping $500k cheque into red kettle 
just a friendly reminder that the salvation army is not a charity . 
couple drops $ 500,000 check into salvation army kettle via 
minnesota couple anonymously drops $ 500,000 check into salvation army red kettle : 
rt couple leaves record $ 500,000 check in salvation army kettle to honor veteran father -- https :/ … 
couple drops $500k check into salvation army kettle 
" you get to a point in life where it's time to take care of others , the way you were taken care of " 
couple drops $500k check into salvation army kettle - a minnesota couple — who at one time lived on discarded f ... 
couple drops $500k check into salvation army kettle👍🏽 
a minnesota couple — who at one time lived on discarded food — quietly put a personal check … 

at climate talks , obama tries distinguishing paris from copenhagen 
climate talks : distinguishing paris from copenhagen 
+please watch+ at climate talks , obama tries to distinguish paris from copenhagen via 
as climate change talks got underway in paris monday , the white house seemed determined to distinguish this ... 

create touchable holograms ; 
japanese created touchable amazing ! 
i know this is not pc to say -- but i always knew it would be the japanese who would broker this . thanks team !... 
oh ! jean-luc ! the holodeck is coming . 
3d images if you can touch it , then you can make something where you'll think that there actually is something there 
a group of japanese scientists have created touchable hologram ... 
forever ... 
japanese scientists create touchable 
wuuuutttt . create touchable - 

gene editing : hope for new cures or scary science ? 
experts are meeting in washington to debate the science and ethics of gene-editing .... 
gene editing : a rundown of recent advances and ethical hurdles : via 

white house strengthens visa waiver program following paris attacks - 
white house strengthens visa waiver program after paris attacks 
white house strengthens visa waiver program after attacks 
the white house on monday announced changes to a u.s. visa waiver program aimed at more … 
web dsign white house strengthens visa ... 
★ buy twt followers ★ } white house strengthens visa waiver program following ... { ☀☀☀ 
the white house on monday announced changes to a u.s. visa waiver program aimed at more tightly screening ... 

colorado cop helps stranded driver , is ' viciously ' attacked 
colorado cop helps stranded driver , then gets attacked 
continue reading 
after a colorado police officer stopped to assist what appeared to be a stranded driver … 
after a colorado police officer stopped to assist what appeared to be a stranded driver early monday , the ... 
colorado cop helps stranded driver , is attacked ( msnbc ) ( 2307 gmt ) 
welp , that's it for me and news today . gotta check out , hug my fur buds & hope enough police care for my safety . 
colorado cop helps stranded driver , is attacked : after a colorado police officer stopped to assist what appear ... 

movie producer who worked on ' x-men , ' ' avengers ' vanishes : eric kohler , 27 , was last seen leaving work last tu ... 
tonight , mother & father continue their agonizing search for their son . 
here is the link to the story about eric : 
mystery surrounds disappearance of producer 
mystery disappearance of producer 
movie producer who worked on ' x-men , ' ' avengers ' vanishes via 
family and friends are asking for the public's help to locate a 27-year-old visual effects producer who went missing nov . 24 . 

crash report blames computer failure , pilot response 
pilots ' response to malfunction caused crash that killed 162 
pilots ’ response to malfunction caused crash that killed 162 
airasia crash report blames crew response to computer fault . eerie echoes of air france 447 
the response of pilots to a computer failure caused the crash of airasia flight qz8501 last … 
rt alastairjam : airasia crash report blames crew response to computer fault . eerie echoes of air france 447 … 
the response of pilots to a computer failure caused the crash of airasia flight qz8501 last year , killing all 162 ... 
seo website builder airasia crash ... 

