climate talks : distinguishing paris from copenhagen 
as climate change talks got underway in paris monday , the white house seemed determined to distinguish this ... 

white house strengthens visa waiver program after paris attacks 
white house strengthens visa waiver program after attacks 
house strengthens visa waiver program following paris attacks - 
the white house on monday announced changes to a u.s. visa waiver program aimed at more … 
web dsign 
★ buy twt followers ★ } white house strengthens visa waiver program following ... { ☀☀☀ 
the white house on monday announced changes to a u.s. visa waiver program aimed at more tightly screening ... 

woman who taped dog's mouth charged with cruelty - 
cops track down woman who taped dog's mouth , charge her with cruelty - 
rt cops track down woman who taped dog's mouth , charge her with cruelty : 
may the punishment fit the horrific crime !!! 
katherine f . lemansky was charged after a three-state investigation sparked by her facebook photo of her dog with ... 
cops have tracked down and charged that woman who taped her dog's mouth shut . 
woman who sparked outrage with picture of dog's mouth taped shut charged with cruelty 

officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death posts bond , leaves jail | nbc chicago via 
officer charged in laquan mcdonald's death returns to court 
had someone on video shot a cop 16 times i don't think he'd be out on bail . via nbcchicago 
what is the use of having video evidence in this case when the law allows you because of technicality , a crimanal ... 
officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death posts bond , leaves jail via 
cop in laquan mcdonald death to be freed on bail - 
officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death posts bond | nbc chicago via 
officer charged with murder in death posts bond | nbc chicago via 
" officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death posts bond " vía 
cop charged with killing laquan mcdonald has posted bail and is expected to be released . 
$1.5 m bail for officer charged in laquan mcdonald's death 
lots of news today in the case -> prayer rally tonight , plus bond set for charged officer . details : 
lmfao ... i told mother fuckers he was getting bail ... lol . they are letting you know they can do whatever they ... 
bail set at $1.5 m for officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death | nbc chicago via 
bail is set at $1.5 million for chicago police officer charged with murder in the shooting death of 
the hearing for van dyke comes after days of protests in chicago over the killing of 17-year … 
bail set at $1.5 m for cop in laquan mcdonald death 
bail set at $1.5 m for officer charged with murder in ' s death 
the hearing for van dyke comes after days of protests in chicago over the killing of 17-year-old laquan mcdonald .... 
officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death returns to court - nbc chicago : nbc chicago officer charged … 
officer charged in laquan mcdonald's death due in court 

colorado cop helps stranded driver , is ' viciously ' attacked via 
colorado cop helps stranded driver , is attacked : after a colorado police officer stopped to assist what appear ... 
colorado cop helps stranded driver , then gets ' viciously ' attacked 
colorado cop helps stranded driver , is ' viciously ' attacked - nbc news 
after a colorado police officer stopped to assist what appeared to be a stranded driver early monday , the motorist sliced the officer's head open . 

retailers face growing out-of-stock , overstock , return costs via 
the costs of poor inventory management is increasing for retailers - contact us to learn how icontrol can help ! 
logistics are growing challenge for retailers 
msnbc out-of-stocks , overstocks and returns are costing retailers $1.75 trillion a year as th ... 
msnbc : logistics are growing challenge for retailers 

couple drops $ 500,000 check into salvation army kettle 
just a friendly reminder that the salvation army is not a charity . 
couple drops $ 500,000 check into salvation army kettle via 
minnesota couple drops $500000 check into salvation army kettle - 
minnesota couple anonymously drops $ 500,000 check into salvation army red kettle : 
rt couple leaves record $ 500,000 check in salvation army kettle to honor veteran father -- https :/ … 
" you get to a point in life where it's time to take care of others , the way you were taken care of " 
couple drops $500k check into salvation army kettle 
couple drops $500k check into salvation army kettle👍🏽 
a minnesota couple — who at one time lived on discarded food — quietly put a personal check … 

' racing extinction ' : documentary explores global loss of wildlife 
oscar-winning filmmaker captures vanishing world in via 
" we are the asteroid . " watch this . 
extinction explores the global loss of wildlife . 
rt was an honor to work on this with the legendary jake whitman doc is a must see … 
rt via ' racing extinction ' explores the global loss of wildlife . https :/ … 
dvr alert : 12/2 at 9 time to start paying attention people , we are killing the planet and everything that lives on it 
rt ' racing extinction ' : documentary explores global loss of 
rt extinction explores the global loss of wildlife . 
' racing documentary explores global loss of - produced for the discovery channel ( and set ... 
powerful and scary piece exploring the global loss of wildlife on tonight . via 
explores global loss of wildlife and asks u to via 
psihoyos ' new documentary , ' racing extinction , ' seeks to alert people to what has been called the sixth mass ... 
this is heart breaker . please support this ' racing extinction ' : global loss of wildlife via 
as humans we are responsible for extinction .. only we can stop the irreversible harm from total destruction 

check , hatred for mankind check , the tickets to enter the stadium ?... gaaaahh ! via 
meet the paris stadium guard who blocked a suicide bomber : via 
guard who stopped paris bomber glad he listened to daughter 
meet the stadium guard who blocked a suicide bomber 
on the night he became an accidental french national hero , salim toorabally's daughter … 
meet the hero who turned away a suicide bomber 
on the night he became an accidental french national hero , salim toorabally's daughter warned him to be " extra ... 
on the night he became an accidental french national hero , salim toorabally’s daughter warned him to be “ extra ... 

cyber monday could be largest online sales day ever 
cyber monday could be largest online sales day in history : adobe 
cyber monday could turn out to be largest online sales day in history 
msnbc this year's " cyber monday " sale event is set to be the biggest online shopping day in h ... 

downed plane entered airspace : 
downed russian plane entered turkish airspace : u.s. 
u.s. confirms that downed russian plane entered turkish airspace 
russia is ( in ) a sorry state . via nbcnews 
u.s. confirms that downed russian plane entered turkish airspace via 
us confirms that downed russian plane entered turkish airspace - 
thats not true and ur not objective . turkishairforces warned 10 times but they didnt leave our airspace 
but the state department won't say how it determined the russian craft's flight path .... 
but the state department won’t say how it determined the russian craft’s flight path . be sociable , share !... 

oregon mountain climber dies after falling into crevasse - 
oregon hiker dies after falling into crevasse 
a 32-year-old hiker died after falling into a crevasse in oregon's cascade mountains over … 
a 32-year-old hiker died after falling into a crevasse in oregon's cascade mountains over the weekend ,... 

tech billionaires team up to push clean energy 
gates , zuckerberg and other tech titans team up to push clean energy : 
tech titans team up to fight climate change , advance clean-energy technologies 
bill gates , mark zuckerberg and several other of the world's wealthiest tech and business titan .. 
bill gates , mark zuckerberg and several other of the world's wealthiest tech and business … 

' sanjay's super team ' features pixar's first human protagonist of color 
rt ' sanjay's super team ' features pixar's first human protagonist of color 

who clinton called grinch and more from latest email dump 
state dept releases clinton emails proving she was aware the libya attacks were an organized militia via 
state department releases largest batch yet of clinton emails 
the state department on monday released 7,800 more pages of hillary clinton's emails from … 
new idea ... i'm going to take snippets from articles and then edit them to reflect the truth . in this first ... 
state department releases largest batch yet of clinton emails via nbcnews 
the state department on monday released 7,800 more pages of hillary clinton's emails from her time as secretary ... 
the state department on monday released 7,800 more pages of hillary clinton’s emails from her time as secretary ... 

gene editing : hope for new cures or scary science ? 
experts are meeting in washington to debate the science and ethics of gene-editing .... 
gene editing : a rundown of recent advances and ethical hurdles : via 

greg fisk , new mayor of juneau , alaska , found dead in home - 
seo website builder greg fisk , ne ... 
web dsign 
police confirm new juneau , alaska , mayor greg fisk has been found dead in his home . 
greg fisk , new mayor of juneau , alaska , found dead in his home 
juneau police wouldn't comment on the cause of death and said they hadn't yet determined whether mayor greg fisk's death was considered suspicious . 

christie : parties in nj on 9/11 ' didn't happen ' : 
christie : parties in n.j. on 9/11 ' didn't happen ' 
gov . chris christie rebuked a claim by donald trump that “ thousands ” of muslims held “ tailgate parties ” in ... 
gov . christie says trump's claim of 9/11 muslim parties never happened in new jersey . 
new jersey governor chris christie rebuked a claim by donald trump that " thousands " of … 
new jersey governor chris christie rebuked a claim by donald trump that " thousands " of muslims held " tailgate ... 
christie : parties in nj on 9/11 ‘ didn’t happen ’ 
new jersey governor chris christie rebuked a claim by donald trump that “ thousands ” of muslims held “ tailgate ... 

south dakota ghost town on sale for $ 250,000 
the roughly 6-acre town of swett , includes a tavern , three-bedroom house and a former tire … 
" the tiny prairie domain also comes w/a new town sign ... to replace the previous 1 that was riddled w/bullet holes . " 
great deal , whole town for sale at 250k 
south dakota ghost town on sale for $250000 - 
south dakota ghost town on sale for 50,000 
just in time for holiday shopping : ghost town , complete with its own watering hole , is on sale for $ 250,000 
the roughly 6-acre town of swett , includes a tavern , three-bedroom house and a former tire shop about 100 miles ... 

trump proposes $5 million ransom for showing up at cnn debate - 
they are calling it a ransom . he is used to being paid for speeches . 
trump proposes $5 million ransom for cnn debate 
donald trump says he’s not joking anymore . 
my words from macon , ga : 
donald trump says he's not joking anymore . 

judge informs alleged gunman in planned parenthood attack that he could face death penalty . 
robert dear could face death in planned parenthood killings 
i'm against the death penalty . i think rotting in jail for the rest of his miserable life is more fitting . 
face of terrorism ! planned parenthood terrorist told he could face death penalty 
judge informs alleged gunman in attack that he could face death penalty . 
robert dear appears in court , could face death in planned parenthood killings 
planned parenthood shooting suspect could face death 
planned parenthood shooting suspect could face death /ms 
speedenews : planned parenthood shooting suspect could face death 
rt robert dear could face death in planned parenthood killings … 
this guy❗ 
planned parenthood shooter is charged with first degree murder in court today wearing a protective vest . 
the man accused of killing three people at a colorado planned parenthood clinic made his … 
planned parenthood shooting suspect could face death - nbc news 

