rt now get the rest of ' em - former citigroup exec gets 2 years in prison for taking bribes … 
former citigroup exec gets 2 years in prison for taking bribes via 
ex-citigroup exec gets 2 years in prison for taking bribes 
msnbc john cassisi pleaded guilty to taking at least $ 500,000 from contracting companies seek ... 

state department warns americans against travel to mali 
" the u.s. embassy in mali will provide only emergency consular services to u.s. citizens for the foreseeable future " 
state department warns us citizens against traveling to mali . 
state department warns u.s. citizens against traveling to mali via 
the warning and offer of non-essential personnel and their families to depart from the country comes after an ... 

prosecutors release officers statements in killing of 12-year-old 
prosecutors release cops ' statements in killing of 
what in the killing told investigators 
cleveland police officers involved in shooting death of 12-year-old tamir rice thought pellet gun was real gun 
what cops in the tamir rice killing told investigators 
cops ' statements in killing of 12-year-old released ( msnbc ) ( 1703 gmt ) 
i bet u he aint reach for it ! 
' i saw the weapon in his hands coming out of his waistband and the threat to my partner and myself was real and ... 
rt prosecutors release cops ' statements in killing of tamir rice : 
the killer cop timothy loehman claims he saw a weapon in tamir rice's hands which is not seen in the video of the ... 
cops ' statements in killing of 12-year-old released : ' i saw the weapon in his hands coming out of his waistban ... 

crux of problem-radical islam " blowing up self&others is ' good '" obama to jihadis- " choose a ' good life '" via nbcnews 
obama in paris would urge young jihadis to choose a ' good life ' via 
obama in paris says he would urge young jihadis to choose a ' good life ' . 
president obama\'s message to a young jihadi 
choose wisely ? jihadi has already made decision obama in paris : would urge young jihadis to choose a ' good life ' 
president obama’s message to a young jihadi 
“ the essence of a good life is not what you can destroy but what you can build , it’s not who you can harm , but ... 

marine jailed for killing transgender sex worker in hotel room via 
u.s. marine jailed for killing transgender sex worker 
wow you can kill a hooker and get 6 - 12 years and sell a little crack or weed and end up in prison for life .... 
well this is horrific 
u.s. for killing sex worker 
deception got him . u.s. marine kills drag queen sex worker in hotel room via 
u.s. marine , lance cpl . joseph scott pemberton jailed for killing transgender sex worker , jennifer laude in hotel 
a u.s. marine was convicted tuesday of killing a filipino last year in a hotel after … 
a u.s. marine was convicted tuesday of killing a filipino last year in a hotel after discovering she was a ... 
us marine jailed for killing transgender woman in philippines - 

report says company put before 
$ 1,000 for a pill ? 
senate report says company put profits before patients 
senate report : maker of $ 1,000 -a-pill drug was looking for profits - 
senate says charging $ 1,000 a pill was just plain greedy 
msnbc a senate report says drug maker gilead was looking to its bottom line when it priced a ... 
" senate report : drug company put profits over patients " 
company put profit over patients in pricing $ 1,000 hepatitis pills : senate report 
just one more reason to get rid of for-profit medical supplies , hospitals and pharmaceutical companies . they ... 
this is sick . really sick . how does this happen . 
this man is a special kind of evil and needs to be dealt with . 
a senate report says drug maker gilead was looking to its bottom line when it priced a new … 
a senate report says drug maker gilead was looking to its bottom line when it priced a new hepatitis c drug at ... 
rt senate report says gilead was just plain greedy in pricing $ 84,000 drug 
sadly , probably isn't an isolated case senate says charging $1k/pill was just plain greedy 
gilead says its drug is a bargain because it cures hepatitis . this senate report says otherwise 

fired once for hamas ties , now hired . smh ! 
rob malley , obama's new isis czar , is a ' trusted ' but controversial pick . 
' trusted ' but controversial : who is 
* another obama & clinton puppet * rob malley , obamas new isis czar is a trusted ' but controversial pick 
at least he's " generous and warm " . that oughta help in fight against isis . 
nbcnews . comrob malley , obama's new isis czar , is a ' trusted ' but controversial picknbcnews . compre ... 
while rob malley has decades of experience in national security , he's a lightning rod who … 
while rob malley has decades of experience in national security , he's a lightning rod who has had his share of ... 
just read about his " success : " nukes for iran , clinton era mideast , hamas , etc . no wonder he's ' trusted ' by obama 

rt says he plans to give away 99 percent of his shares : | … 
mark zuckerburg plans to give away 99 percent of his facebook fortune , 45 billion , over his lifetime 
says he plans to give away 99 percent of his shares : | has more 1pe 
presumably he's learned from his squandered money in newark : zuckerberg says he'll give away 99% of facebook shares 
mark zuckerberg , member of inspires us all w his absolutely awesome ! 
mark zuckerberg says he plans to give away 99 percent of his facebook ... 
mark zuckerberg plans to give away 99% of his facebook shares 
zuckerberg to give away 5 billion facebook fortune 
zuckerberg to give away 99 percent of his facebook stock 
i'll take some ! mark says he plans to give away 99 percent of his shares via 
good man . 
zuckerberg to give away 99 percent of his facebook shares 
msnbc mark zuckerberg's exuberance over the birth of his first child may have put him in a gi ... 
mark zuckerberg's exuberance over the birth of his first child may have put him in a giving … 
welcoming news and words from 
mark zuckerberg's exuberance over the birth of his first child may have put him in a giving mood .... 

proposes $5 million ransom for cnn debate . 
here is the solution . cnn , donate $5 million yourself , disinvite stump , hoop shot , dunk . 
ransom ? oh come on ! i think should heckle from the audience . 
trump proposes $5 million ransom for showing up at cnn debate 
do it trump . i hope you don't get the money and don't show up . it'll be a great day for america . 
mr. trump needs the debate more than the debate needs him . call his bluff , cnn . and why does a billionaire have ... 
hey don't do it . tell him we don't negotiate with terrorists who hold anyone , even news organizations ,... 
presidential candidate says has to pay him $5m to show up to the debate 
narcissistic egomaniac demands $5 million from cnn to participate in debate claiming he wants to donate it to ... 
what a time to be alive . 
if you want to donate this money to vets , do it w/the huge fortune you brag about . we won't miss you at the debate . 
will pay 5 million for the next debate ? 
rt proposes $5 million ransom4 cnn debate via trump said hillary " should've been indicted " over … 
proposes $5 million ransom4 cnn debate via trump said hillary " should've been indicted " over email scandal . 
via obama = , history would remember him as a " horrible president " who " didn't know what the hell he was doing 
he is a bully and now adding blackmail to the list please don't show up !!! good excuse though !!! can't make this ... 
. proposes $5 million ransom for cnn debate right , because you're that fuckin awesome ?? 😒 
rt my words from macon , ga : 
wants paid to be in a presidential debate . that's showbiz ! 
arrogant jackass : " there's only one way to get to the top and it's all through trump , let's face it . " ─► 
trump wants cnn to pay him five million dollars for the wounded warriors or vets for the upcoming debate . 
proposes $5 million ransom for debate via do not pay !! 
more anti trump anti american nbc lies dangerous attacks on a presidential candidate ! via 
trump cnn should give $5 million to our vets for his debate appearance in return cnn high rating via 
the donald does it again ..... 
so who really believes donald trump can become the next president ? via 
don't pay him . he needs them more than they need him . let him sit this one out then see what happens . it's all bluff 
trump proposes $5million ransom for showing up at cnn december debate : 
. is no fascist ! he's apollo creed ! /$5 mil for debate via ) 
trump wants cnn to pay him $5 million ( which he'll donate ) to show up at next debate 
trump wants $5 million to attend dec . 15 
this is a man who'd do his daughter if he wasn't her father . please , don't let him ru(i)n your country . 
trump proposes million ransom for cnn debate 
.. talks about maybe , possibly charging $5million dollars to appear in the next debate ! 
how great will it be to have a president with business sensibilities ? so many messes to clean up !... 
donald trump says he isn't joking anymore ; demands $5m from cnn to appear at next debate ( via 
donald trump says he's not joking anymore .... 

11% us women smoke during pregnancy 
cigarette taxes save babies ' lives , study finds 

college students best advice to high school seniors via 

\'racing extinction\': documentary explores global loss of wildlife 
rt well said --> " we have nature deficit disorder . " - director on nbc nightly news https :/ … 
shows how we are & poaching into 
' racing extinction ' explores the global loss of wildlife . 
rt oscar-winning filmmaker captures vanishing world in via 
rt ' racingextinction exploresgloballoss ofwildlife via canufaceall thatisbeingfished/hunted/poac … 
rt ' racing extinction ' : documentary explores global loss of 
rt was an honor to work on this with the legendary jake whitman doc is a must see … 
did you see anna's photo in monday's report ? here's a link 
explores global loss of wildlife ; premieres wed at 9/8c . via 
new documentary explores global loss of wildlife & hope for the future . airs dec . 2 » 
. documentary explores global loss of wildlife by oscar winning filmmaker 
racing extinction - tomorrow ! 
film explores potential for earth\'s 6th \'mass extinction\' 

the hero guard who stopped a suicide bomber from entering stade de france is muslim and an immigrant 
rt this man stopped a suicide bomber from getting inside the paris stadium . twice . oh btw he's muslim and an immigrant . https :/ … 
guard who stopped bomber was and an immigrant . and a hero . pls note 
hero guard salim toorabally who stopped paris bomber glad he listened to daughter via 
hero guard who stopped paris bomber glad he listened to daughter : 
this guy saved hundreds of lives just by doing his job . 
here's the muslim security guard who actually did stop one of paris bombers entering the stadium . 
shitlibs : if there were no muslims in europe , this muslim wouldn't have to stop those muslims from killing anyone 
guard who prevented suicide bomber entering stadium 
da'esh ( isis ) attacks paris 2x & 2x muslims we're heroes ! ya allah bless the charlie hebdo cop & this man !... 

rt wtfiscrackin google's driverless car was stopped by police in california in a curious incident -- moving at a s … 
here's why google's driverless car got pulled over , company says 
google explains why its driverless car got pulled over 
google's driverless car was stopped by police in california in a curious incident -- moving at a speed of 24 ... 
here's why google's driverless car got pulled over , company says via 
msnbc google's driverless car was stopped by police in california in a curious incident -- mo ... 
here's why google says its driverless car got pulled over 

u.s. confirms that downed russian plane entered turkish airspace 
to russia ; 
as mark toner says " so what " if u.s. confirms russian plane entered turkish airspace ? 
downed plane entered airspace : 
downed russian plane entered turkish airspace : u.s. 
u.s. confirms that downed russian plane entered turkish airspace : the united states has independently confirme ... 
russia is ( in ) a sorry state . via nbcnews 
us confirms that downed russian plane entered turkish airspace - 
thats not true and ur not objective . turkishairforces warned 10 times but they didnt leave our airspace 
but the state department won't say how it determined the russian craft's flight path .... 
but the state department won’t say how it determined the russian craft’s flight path . be sociable , share !... 

dear could face death in planned parenthood killings via 
but i would like to introduce you to our most recent terror attack we had in america . 
robert dear could face death in planned parenthood killings 
planned parenthood shooting 
planned parenthood shooter could face the death penalty i.e. being aborted off the face of the earth 
good . execute him . will anti-death penalty lefties be ok with that ? robert dear could face death 
" planned parenthood killings " robert dear could face death in planned parenthood killings 
judge informs alleged gunman in planned parenthood attack that he could face death penalty . 
that cold hearted son of a bitch needs the torchure sentence , and sooner than later . 
i'm against the death penalty . i think rotting in jail for the rest of his miserable life is more fitting . 
face of terrorism ! planned parenthood terrorist told he could face death penalty 
judge informs alleged gunman in attack that he could face death penalty . 
robert dear appears in court , could face death in planned parenthood killings 
rt robert dear could face death in planned parenthood killings … 
this guy❗ 
planned parenthood shooter is charged with first degree murder in court today wearing a protective vest . 
the man accused of killing three people at a colorado planned parenthood clinic made his … 

officer causes terrible accident and runs away ? are you serious ? 
san francisco police officer charged with felony hit-and-run after striking 2 ... - nbc bay area 
' hot cop ' charged with felony hit-and-run after crash 
san francisco police officer charged with felony hit-and-run after striking 2 pedestrians : san f ... 
sfnews360 : san francisco police officer charged with felony hit-and-run after striking 2 pedestrians : san f ... 
' hot cop ' charged with felony hit-and-run after crash : christopher kohrs , san francisco's so-ca ... 
san francisco police officer charged felony hit-and-run after striking 2 pedestrians | nbc bay area via 
christopher kohrs , san francisco's so-called " hot cop of castro , " has been charged with … 
' hot cop ' faces 2 counts of felony hit-and-run 
christopher kohrs , san francisco's so-called " hot cop of castro , " has been charged with felony hit-and-run .... 

mistaken identity kept detainee at gitmo for 13 years 
man held at gitmo for 13 years in case of mistaken id … 
mistaken identity has kept detainee at gitmo for 13 years 
mistaken identity kept detainee at guantanamo bay for 13 years 
guantanamo bay detainee is case of mistaken identity : dod - 
mistaken identity has kept detainee at for 13 years via 
oops ! : mistaken identity has kept detainee at gitmo for 13 years 
dod acknowledges a dude held in gitmo for 13 years wasn't the dude they were looking for 
hah funny you mention that , i have a better reason right here ! but , yeah , agreed . 
a case of mistaken identity kept a man at gitmo for 13 years . via 
taliban militant held without charge at gitmo for 13 years is being called a victim of mistaken identity 
thats bullshit ! if it walks and talks like one of them .... then it is one of them ! torture and dispose of him ! 
detainee is a case of mistaken identity ! 

huge gators battle it out on golf course 
hate it when a gator brawl forces you to wait to tee off !! 
gators brawl on golf course 
huge gators go to war on golf course 
gators fight on golf course , cool 
an epic battle between one 12-foot-gator nicknamed ' goliath ' and a smaller but equally tenacious unnamed intruder ... 
see stunning images of gators brawling on golf course 
this is why you give alligators as much space as you can ... 
two gators fight an epic battle on a florida golf course 

aye bruh , you made it onto nbc news ! 
twitter hashtag went viral monday 
pop francis ' battle rap ' meme trends on twitter 
: pop francis ' battle rap ' meme trends on twitt … 
pop francis ' battle rap ' meme trends on twitter by 
this photo of pope francis has gone viral : 
cypher meme of pope francis ' blessing the mic ' trends on twitter 
have a laugh😂 
having some fun w/ 
pope francis \'battle rap\' meme catches fire 
pope francis rap battle/////// 
" pope francis ' battle rap ' meme trends on twitter - " 
twitter gold 
is the best ht 
my people , my people , my people ....... 󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴 " come with me , hail mary run quick see , what do we have here now , do ... 
francis leave your email to our pre-launch promo freestyle . battle . judge 
from nbc news - ' battle rap ' meme trends on twitter : the twitter hashtag went ... 
this is surely my favorite news story of the day . 
pope francis ‘ battle rap ’ meme catches fire 
went viral monday after one twitter user tweeted out a photo of the pope in prime rapper stance – mic ... 
mom i made it 

at climate talks , obama tries distinguishing paris from copenhagen - 
at talks , obama tries to distinguish paris from copenhagen- ' biggest enemy- cynicism ' via 
climate talks : distinguishing paris from copenhagen 
+please watch+ at climate talks , obama tries to distinguish paris from copenhagen via 
as climate change talks got underway in paris monday , the white house seemed determined to distinguish this ... 

watch live : obama holds news conference in paris - nbc news 

know it all : wednesday's top 7 stories at nbc news 
arguably important stories ... 
from a mistaken identity keeping a detainee in gitmo for 13 years to chicago mayor rahm emanuel under fire , here ... 
from a mistaken identity keeping a detainee in gitmo for 13 years to chicago mayor rahm … 

planned parenthood shooting suspect robert dear targeted agency before : ex-wife 
rt had targeted before . are we still looking for a motive ? https://… 
rt " dear once put glue in the locks of a planned parenthood clinic near where they were living at the time . " 
rt still wanna claim the rwnj religious zealot wasn't targeting the pp ? pp shooting suspect targeted agency before … 
" for him to plan this and go there , he meant to go there . there is no doubt in my mind . " 
dr. tiller's killer did the same things dear did . it's almost as if they had something in common . 
yep , planned parenthood shooter is mentally disturbed , but stating obvious ≠ no targeting/radicalization 
suspect targeted planned parenthood before : ex-wife 
rt planned parenthood shooting suspect robert dear targeted planned parenthood before : ex-wife 
is it terrorism yet ? 
rt dear appears to have been opposed to planned parenthood for decades , per his ex-wife . more here : … 
rt a clear history of violent abuse and hating planned parenthood . 
rt dear's ex wife speaks to " for him to plan this and go there , he meant to go there , " she said . 

. on isis terrorists : ' you have to take out their families ' 
yep , murdering someone's family is a sure-fire way to end a quarrel . good thinking . 
the deliberate targeting of civilians is a war crime . trump on isis leaders : ' you have to take out their families ' 
rt today donald trump advocated killing civilians in the war vs isis and it'll probably help his poll … 
donald trump on isis terrorists : “ you have to take out their families ” 
here's an answer : trump on isis terrorists : ' you have to take out their families ' 
. is ready to kill some children if he has to : 
donald trump says we have to ' take out ' families of isis terrorists 
trump endorses killing civilians in the war against isis : " you have to take out their families " 
its us or them and so far its been mostly us ! 
or , this : 
leading republican candidate for president comes out in favor of murdering children 
my my . does this answer your question ? 
well , we can't say didn't warn us . 
smh mt today trump advocated killing civilians in war vs isis and it'll probably help his poll numbers 
trump is basically calling for genocide at this point . will probably increase his poll numbers . 
people who use the phrase " politically correct , " come get your goon 
trump said " we're fighting a very politically correct war " since we're not killing enough families 
today donald trump advocated killing civilians in the war vs isis and it'll probably help his poll numbers 
trump on isis terrorists : \'take out their families\' 
donald trump wants to slaughter children : 
" when you get these terrorists , you have to take out their families . they care about their … 
" when you get these terrorists , you have to take out their families . they care about their lives , don't kid yourself , " he said . 

video shows panthers fan choked by security guard at cowboys game - 
if you call men who r violent w/women " leaders , " guards figure anything goes , even choking customers . 
video shows panthers fan choked by security guard at cowboys game : a carolina panthers fan was put in a what a ... 
video shows panthers fan choked by guard at cowboys game 
video shows panthers fan choked by security at cowboys game ( msnbc ) ( 2010 gmt ) 
video shows panthers fan choked by security at cowboys game ( msnbc ) ( 1636 gmt ) 
video shows panthers fan choked by security at cowboys game : the dramatic video shows other fans intervening a ... 

cop helps stranded driver , is ' viciously ' attacked 
how insane is this . 
colorado cop who stopped to help a stranded driver attacked , motorist then stole his patrol car 
cop helps stranded driver , driver slices cops head , then steals patrol car , leads chase & shot dead 
remember former nick metz ? he's looking more relaxed in aurora , co 
colorado cop helps stranded driver , ' viciously ' attacked via - we thank u mr prez 4 ur help n starting this 
colorado cop helps stranded driver , then gets attacked 
colorado cop hospitalized after his head is sliced open by motorist who appeared to be stranded 
i know i'm being insensitive to police here , but did we used to shoot crazy people for non-compliance ? serious q .. 
continue reading 
after a colorado police officer stopped to assist what appeared to be a stranded driver … 
after a colorado police officer stopped to assist what appeared to be a stranded driver early monday , the ... 
colorado cop helps stranded driver , is attacked ( msnbc ) ( 2307 gmt ) 
welp , that's it for me and news today . gotta check out , hug my fur buds & hope enough police care for my safety . 

cyber monday could be largest online sales day in history 
this year's " cyber monday " is set to be the biggest online shopping day in history , adobe predicts 
cyber monday could be largest online sales day ever 
adobe : 2015 cyber monday could be largest in history ! 
cyber monday could turn out to be largest online day in 
spider monday could turn out to be largest online sales day in history : adobe 
cyber monday could turn out to be largest online sales day in history 
msnbc this year's " cyber monday " sale event is set to be the biggest online shopping day in h ... 

france pm : 2000 raids , 210 arrests since guilty until proven innocent -- 
paris attacks : 2,000 raids , 210 arrests since state of emergency 
2,000 raids carried out , 210 arrested since pm 
2,000 raids carried out , 210 arrested since paris attacks : france pm via 
paris attacks : 2,000 raids , 210 arrests since state of emergency - nbc news 
2,000 raids , 210 arrested since paris attacks : france pm 
attacks : 2000 raids , 210 arrests since state of emergency - : 
more than 2,000 raids have been carried out in france since the country declared a state of … 
more than 2,000 raids have been carried out in france since the country declared a state of emergency 18 days ... 

coke-funded obesity group disbands 
goodby and good riddance to coke-funded obesity group ; but univ of south carolina keeps the dough : via 
coke " retires " chief health and science officer amid obesity group flack . 
msnbc a nonprofit funded by the coca-cola co . to combat obesity is disbanding following revel ... 
a nonprofit funded by the coca-cola co . to combat obesity is disbanding following revelations about the beverage ... 
a group that funded to dominate public discourse on is shutting down 
coca-cola defunds " obesity group " because we were never supposed to know they were skewing reports . 
non-profit health group with controversial links to coca-cola decided to disband . 

i'm so happy someone finally said it !!! this generation is too hypersensitive , selfish and self absorbed , that we ... 
frustrated oklahoma wesleyan university president : ' this is not a daycare ' : 
these students need a spanking . 
" this young scholar felt offended because a homily on love made him feel bad for not showing love , " eww 
finally some sanity . it's not a safe space , it's a university 
am i alone in thinking perhaps is the one whose feelings are too easily hurt ? 
this this this !! oklahoma wesleyan univ pres dr. everett piper : ' this is not a daycare ' 
i want to shout every word of this from a mountain top 
the " college day care " story bears little resemblance to nbc's writeup : 
offended by message of love ? by challenging our thinking , we grow , learn , evolve ! 
i agree . 
oklahoma wesleyan university president dr. everett piper : ' this is not a daycare ' 
college president is spot on in rally against self-entitled & narcissistic students . " this is not daycare " 
too quick to play the " victim " card : college president describes students that way . what do you think ? 
frustrated college president : ' this is not a daycare ' 
" ... this is about the arrogance and the narcissism of our culture , " 
amen . frustrated oklahoma wesleyan university president : ' this is not a daycare ' : 
6 . today , the president of oklahoma wesleyan said , college isn't a daycare re : students offended by a sermon : 
" this is not a daycare " prez " ( we've ) taught our kids to be this self-absorbed and narcissistic . " 
rt i aboslutely hope no one i know goes to wesleyan after this shit " my campus is not a ' safe pl … 
i aboslutely hope no one i know goes to wesleyan after this shit " my campus is not a ' safe place " 
-- president piper : ' this is not a 
rt " this is not a day care . it's a university ! " 
i'm so over people taking political correctness to a ridiculous level . people need to put on their big girl ... 
who else supports this person ? pay your dues ... young ones ! the one thing we must all do ! 
student complains to university because a sermon from 1 cor 13 about love made him feel bad . 
good for him 
you can't preach pc while also supporting exclusion of class discussion bc the subject is " uncomfortable " . 
rt frustrated oklahoma wesleyan university president : ‘ this is not a daycare ’ via 
the new generation of opting out ) university president : ' this is not a daycare ' via 
" a liberal arts academy is about learning . it's not supposed to be a place to suppress controversial ideas , " - ... 
good for oklahoma wesleyan pres everett piper . academia has become too fearful of upsetting sensibilities . 
. there is hope . 
let me know when it comes from a real leader . wesleyan university president : ' this is not a daycare ' 
thank you , president piper . 

this made it to abc news last night - hum - what about the other guy who did it where the dog was in far worse ... 
cops track down woman who taped dog's mouth , charge her with cruelty . 
i can't say this often enough ... social media works ! sharing , commenting , liking ... that is how social media ... 
cops track down woman who duc t-t aped dog's mouth , charge her with cruelty 
she's been found . 
cops track down woman on twitter who taped dog's mouth , charge her with cruelty via 
busted !! 
a woman has been charged in north carolina after a facebook photo of a dog with its mouth duc t-t aped shut went viral 
justice prevails : woman behind viral post of duc t-t aped dog charged with animal cruelty in north carolina . 
good ! but .. they let the dog stay with her because they said the dog was really cared for ! really !? after what she ... 
they got her 
apparently didn't think the taped lab pic was animal cruelty , but the us law did : 
cops track down woman who taped dog’s mouth , charge her with cruelty : 
good thing now everyone can go back to shitting rainbows 
charges have been filed !... 
cruelty comes in many forms , some are blatant , some are less subtle . if you cannot care for your animals properly ... 
andrea doucet this one is real , i swear lol 
woman who taped dog's mouth charged with cruelty 
cops find woman who taped dog's mouth shut ! 
cops track down n.c. woman who taped dog's mouth , charge her with cruelty 
woman who taped dog's mouth charged with cruelty👍🏽 
police track down nc woman who taped dog's mouth shut , posted it to facebook 
so glad that this was taken seriously and she's been arrested . interesting that she was posting on facebook under ... 
cops track down who taped dog's mouth , charge her with 

american airlines attendant accused of attacking crewmates , marshals 
yikes . flight attendant gets nutty and attacks her coworkers . i couldn't imagine that at 30k feet . by 
flight attendant attacks crew mates and air marshalls . by 
accused of attacking crewmates , nbc news 
in case you needed another reason as to why you lost my business : 
female american airlines attendant attacks crewmates & marshals 
is this fair ? time to come clean and admit it's all about greed 
flight attendant accused of attack on marshals 
american attendant accused of attack on marshals 
msnbc an american airlines flight attendant attacked fellow crew members and u.s. marshals du ... 
flight attendant accused of attacking co-workers , marshals on overseas flight : 
american airlines flight attendant accused of attacking crewmates , marshals on flight from charlotte to germany 

insurgents remain on top in gop race 
reminder : 4 years ago this month gingrich led romney by 17 in a national poll : 
first read : insurgents remain on top in gop race ( ( 0953 gmt ) 
insurgents remain on top in gop race : first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc politic ... 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day's… 
2 months out from - flashback : gingrich led romney by 17 points this time in 2011 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day's most important ... 
two months is a long time in american politics , but we're still waiting on the gop establishment to make its move 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day’s most important ... 
reality check on gop race with two months to go until iowa : the insurgents are still on top -- via 

from east to midwest , millions brace for wet and wintry blast via 
wet and wintry blast targeting east coast , midwest 
millions of people across the east coast and midwest shouldn't put the shovels or the umbrellas away just yet . 
millions of people across the east coast and midwest shouldn't put the shovels or the … 
millions bracing for wet and wintry blast from east coast to midwest 
from east to midwest , millions brace for wet and wintry blast - nbc news 

can you tell which are male ? neither can these 
researchers can't distinguish between mris of male/ female brains , but that does not mean m/f brains are the same 
can you tell which brains are male ? neither could scientists 
you tell which brains are male ? neither can these scientists 
defo true headline , male/female must be different but scientists are too dumb to show it 
it looks like we're all from somewhere halfway between venus and mars . where might that be ? hmmmm 
neuromarketing hits another snag . scientists can't even differentiate a female brain from a male brain . 
an interesting bit of research on gender and sex 
can you tell which brain is a man's ? neither can these scientists 

phone fraud gets harder as ftc bans payment methods favored by crooks : 
bans phone solicitors from accepting wire transfers , pre-loaded debit cards , e-checks - favored by scammers : 
the made it easier for you to spot telephone & hang up on crooks before they can steal your money . 
the ftc is cracking down on phone fraud by banning certain payment methods via 
phone gets harder as ftc bans methods favored by crooks , 
ftc bans phone payments favored by fraudsters 
us : phone fraud gets harder as ftc bans payment methods favoured by crooks 
msnbc the federal trade commission just made it easier for you to spot telephone fraud by ban ... 
heads up . 
reports on ftc's ban on payment methods favored by fraudsters 
makes it tougher for artists , banning use of three payment methods via phone 
nice job ftc ... nice job .... 
are they banning the product or just use over the phone ? via nbcnews 

time for to drop out 
christie : parties in n.j. on 9/11 ' didn't happen ' 
christie : parties in nj on 9/11 ' didn't happen ' 
gov . chris christie rebuked a claim by donald trump that “ thousands ” of muslims held “ tailgate parties ” in ... 
gov . christie says trump's claim of 9/11 muslim parties never happened in new jersey . 
new jersey governor chris christie rebuked a claim by donald trump that " thousands " of … 
new jersey governor chris christie rebuked a claim by donald trump that " thousands " of muslims held " tailgate ... 
christie : parties in nj on 9/11 ‘ didn’t happen ’ 
new jersey governor chris christie rebuked a claim by donald trump that “ thousands ” of muslims held “ tailgate ... 

group alleges google tracks students ' web activity 
eff accuses google of tracking students ' web activity without permission via 

courting conservatives , rubio clarifies stances on social issues 
answer rubio should have given : " on principle , i will not take pro-big gay donor paul singer's cash : " 
and the constitution ? no state religion ? courting conservatives , rubio clarifies stance via 
courting clarifies stances on social issues 
recent comments add additional layers to his already nuanced stances on abortion and same-sex marriage . 

$47.5 million can't buy these candidates love 
the carson , cruz and carson campaigns and allies have spent just $2.9 million on ads . 
trump has spent less than 1 percent as much as jeb bush has on ads and jeb can't get out of single digits . 
rt $47.5 million can't buy these candidates love htt … 
campaigns and allies for gop candidates jeb bush , marco rubio and john kasich have spent combined ... 
“ the campaigns and allies for three establishment presidential candidates – jeb bush , marco rubio and john kasich ... 
right 2 rise has spent $28m . my god . 
imagine the results of a trump presidency for america . trump = competence & safety 
wow ! -- bush , rubio -kasich - have spent a combined $47.5 million in tv ads in the 2016 race so far trump has spent $0 
so far that fat stack of super pac cash isn't doing a whole lot 
campaigns & allies for bush , rubio & kasich have spent a combined $47.5 m in tv ads so far 
tv ad money isn't buying gop candidates a lot of love ( at least so far ) 
teams bush/rubio/kasich outspending trump/carson/cruz over tv airwaves by 16-to-1 margin 
campaigns and allies for gop candidates jeb bush , marco rubio and john kasich have spent combined $47.5 million ... 
campaigns and allies for gop candidates jeb bush , marco rubio and john kasi … 
$47.5 million can’t buy these candidates love ( at least so far ) 
establishment gop candidates are outspending their outsider rivals by 16-1 on tv ads . 
is the ' 16 tv ad spending not moving numbers ( so far ) a story about the medium -- or the candidates airing the ads ? 

lasers strike four more aircraft over phoenix 
msnbc lasers struck four planes flying over phoenix tuesday , faa officials said — the latest ... 
four more aircraft targeted by green lasers over phoenix - 
lasers struck four planes flying over phoenix tuesday , faa officials said — the latest … 
lasers struck four planes flying over phoenix tuesday , faa officials said — the latest incidents in what police ... 

turkey\'s president \'involved\' in isis\' illegal oil trade : russia 
turkey's president erdogan ' involved ' in isis ' illegal oil trade : russia 
russia accuses turkey's erdogan of involvement with isis oil trade - 
russia accuses turkey's erdogan of involvement with isis oil trade - nbcnews . comrussia ... 
russia accuses erdogan of involvement with isis oil trade ... 
rt russia : " top turkish leadership , including president erdogan and his family , is involved in this criminal business " … 
rt turkey\'s president \'involved\' in isis\' illegal oil trade : russia 
rt russia : " a united gang of terrorists and turkish elites is active in the region , stealing oil from neighbors " … 
rt the russian military claims turkish leadership is buying oil from isis by the truckload . via 
update : turkey’s president ‘ involved ’ in isis ’ illegal oil trade : russia 
can you talk about this on the show ? 
turkey's president ' involved ' in illegal oil trade : russia via 
" what a marvelous family business ! " 
turkey's pres ' involved ' in isis ' illegal oil trade : russia reports 
oil smuggling , much of it to turkey , is a key source of income for isis . 

cyber-crime talks begin 
china , u.s. high-level talks to begin tuesday via nbcnews 
china , us high-level cyber crime talks to begin tuesday - 
china , u.s. high-level cyber crime talks to begin tuesday 
sometimes you gotta put on a good show : china , u.s. high-level talks to begin tuesday 
u.s. and chinese officials will convene in washington for the first round of cyber security talks following the ... 

four charged in shooting near minneapolis black lives matter ... - 
i don't think understands how much we need equal treatment by 
no charge of four charged in shooting near minneapolis protest via 
four charged in shooting near black lives matter protest 
none of the wounds appear to be life-threatening . the prosecutor said it appears the … 
charges filed in shooting 
none of the wounds appear to be life-threatening . the prosecutor said it appears the shooting was racially ... 

minnesota couple put $ 500,000 check in kettle 
couple leaves record $ 500,000 check in salvation army kettle . 
minnesota couple drops $ 500,000 check into salvation army kettle 
minnesota couple drops $ 500,000 check into salvation kettle - nbc news 
rt couple drops $500k check into salvation army kettle : 
minnesota couple drops $ 500,000 check into salvation army kettle to honor wwii era father 
couple drops $500k check into kettle : rt 
minnesota couple drops $ 500,000 check into salvation army kettle - nbc news 
" it is more blessed to give than receive . " acts 20:35 couple drops $ 500,000 in salvation army kettle . 
ring that bell !! couple leaves record $ 500,000 check in salvation army kettle . 
what a fine example of giving back ! couple drop $ 500,000 check into salvation army kettle 
surprise ! mn couple drops $ 500,000 into salvation army kettle outside grocery store 
a couple drops a $ 500,000 check into a salvation army kettle ... find out why !... 
' tis the season for thanks and giving via nbcnews 

' armed and dangerous person ' reported near unc campus 
rt ' armed and dangerous person ' reported near unc campus 
' all clear ' at unc after report of ' dangerous ' person : authorities said they had not confirmed the repor ... 
' all clear ' at university of north carolina at chapel hill after report of armed person via 
update : ' all clear ' at unc chapel hill after report of armed person 
authorities said they had not confirmed the report , but the campus was asked to shelter in … 
authorities said they had not confirmed the report , but the campus was asked to shelter in place . 
' all clear ' at university of north carolina at chapel hill after report of armed person - nbc news 

- hope for new cure or scary science ? constellation 
gene editing : hope for new cures or scary science ? 
experts are meeting in washington to debate the science and ethics of gene-editing .... 
gene editing : a rundown of recent advances and ethical hurdles : via 

iowa state sen. mark chelgren suggests death penalty for some immigrant felons 
iowa state sen. chelgren suggests death penalty for some immigrant felons you built that gop ! proud of yourselves ? 
i found donald trump's v . p . nominee and he's a perfect fit for donald 
iowa politician suggests death for some immigrant felons - 
iowa state sen. mark chelgren suggests death pentalty for some immigrant felons 
the party of trump . 
based iowa senator : ' deported illegals with serious felonies should be executed for re-entering the country ' 
iowa state senator suggests death penalty for some immigrant felons . trump's thinking , why didn't i think of that ? 
this is your typical conservative ? what a low life ?? 
iowa state sen. mark chelgren : certain immigrant felons should be executed : 
an iowa state senator running for u.s. congress is getting blasted by both his republican … 
iowa republican state sen. mark chelgren opines that felons who re-enter the u.s. illegally should be executed . 
state sen. mark chelgren suggests death penalty for some immigrant felons via 
is it a felony to run on top of kybos ? via 
iowa state sen. mark chelgren : certain felons should be executed : 
an iowa state senator running for u.s. congress is getting blasted by both his republican party and democrats ... 

is chicago's mayor next in the firing line ? 
but but but he's a democrat . this is right , rahm emanuel got to go . :'( 
is chicago mayor rahm emanuel's job on the line ? 
history of cpd corruption set up current crisis , poli sci prof tells 
he fired his top cop . is chicago mayor rahm emanuel next ? 
is mayor next in the firing line ? 
he fired his top cop . is mayor rahm emanuel next ? via 
nbc news 
he fired his top cop . is chicago mayor next ? 
. mode : he top cop is mayor next ? 
" is rahm next ? " 
he fired his top cop . is chicago\'s rahm emanuel next ? 
is ari out too !!!!!! to resign tomorrow !!!!?????... 
chicago : after firing his top cop , flunky needs to step down ~ 
he fired garry mccarthy , his top cop . is chicago mayor rahm emanuel next ? : chicago mayor rahm emanuel won offi ... 
he fired his top cop . is chicago mayor sorry stinking ass next ? via 
please dethrone king rahm israel emanuel of chicago illinois asap 
should have fired himself .. this is nothing but a cover up and giving into the blm extortion group 
rt is rahm 

trooper stops driver , offers her 00 for sex : officials 
texas trooper fired after allegedly offering $300 to have sex with driver he pulled over for speeding . 
trooper stops driver , offers her $300 for sex : officials 
trooper stops driver , offers her $300 for sex : officials : a texas trooper has been fired after being accused o ... 
texas trooper fired , allegedly propositioned driver for sex | nbc 5 dallas-fort worth 
msnbc : tx trooper fired , allegedly propositioned driver for sex ... 
a texas trooper has been fired after being accused of stopping a driver for speeding and offering her $300 to ... 
stay classy all you tx super troopers . via 

foul play not ruled out after police find injuries on mayor greg fisk's body . 
foul play not ruled out in death of juneau , alaska , mayor greg fisk - 
foul play not ruled out in death of juneau mayor 
foul play not ruled out in death of juneau , alaska , mayor greg fisk ( ( 1742 gmt ) 
foul play not ruled out in death of juneau mayor - police wouldn't rule out foul play after they discovered und ... 
police wouldn't rule out foul play after they discovered undisclosed injuries on the body of … 
police wouldn't rule out foul play after they discovered undisclosed injuries on the body of juneau , alaska ,... 

' mad max ' is surprise best film choice of board of review 
‘ mad max ’ is surprise best film choice of board of review 
the movie was named the best film of 2015 by the national board of review , a new york based-body whose list ... 
' mad max : fury road ' is surprise best film choice of national board of review - 
yes , this was one of the greatest movie experiences i've ever had ! now , give it an oscar nom !! 
the movie was named the best film of 2015 by the national board of review , a new york based … 

did hillary clinton diss the iowa caucuses ? 
did diss caucuses ? if a the offense wldn't be in doubt . 
did hillary clinton diss the iowa caucuses ? via 
dissed the iowa caucuses : ' creatures of extremes ' via 2016 
rt what !?! did hillary clinton diss the iowa caucuses ? via 
did diss the caucuses ? 
nbc : did clinton diss the iowa caucuses ? 
did diss the iowa caucuses ? via 
ha ! hillary privately called romney , mittens in emails ! she is a little more relatable now 
rt hillary clinton pulls a howard dean -- and disses the caucuses ? 
nbc reporting : in newly-uncovered email , hillary clinton dissed ia , caucuses . 
nbc : clinton disses the iowa caucuses ? - 
she believes herself to be erudite , quit laughing , she really does . thus honest people are chumps . simple . 
did clinton diss the caucuses ? via 
released hillary emails show she disses the caucus states . 
hillary diss the iowa caucuses via 

ohio man pleads not guilty to kidnapping son in 2002 
the boy's father , bobby hernandez , pleaded not guilty to kidnapping , forgery and other charges tuesday in ... 

nearly half of u.s. homes use cellphones only 
nearly half of u.s. households only use cellphones , according to new federal statistics 
nearly half of u.s. homes use cellphones only , shun landlines - nbc news see more 
the industry itself is driving this . 
. 71% in their late 20s live in cellphone-only households 
nearly half of us homes use only . 8% of households have only landlines . 42% have both . 
. 52% of midwesterners are cellphone-only ( most wireless region ) 
nearly half of u.s. homes use cellphones only : nearly half of u.s. households only use cellphones , according t ... 
. 47% of americans are cellphone-only ; 8% landline-only ; 42% have both 

who's the most streamed artist on spotify in 2015 ? any guesses ? hint : you used to stream him on your cellphone . 
these are spotify's most-streamed artists of 2015 
drake is spotify's most-streamed artist of 2015 
these are spotify’s most-streamed artists of 2015 
you used to stream him on your cellphone , now drake gets your love as the most popular artist of the year on ... 

know it all : tuesday's top 7 stories at nbc news - 
from presidential contenders to big holiday spenders , see the stories we're following today .... 

illinois attorney general asks for doj to investigate chicago police - ... 
colorado needs investigating as well ! 
we want to commend illinois attorney general lisa madigan for calling on the department of justice to investigate ... 
illinois ag asks for feds to investigate chicago police 
maybe a hit to may help ! asks for to investigate via nbcnews 
lisa madigan seeks doj investigation : " serious questions about use of unlawful & excessive force by chicago pd ... " 
state attorney general lisa madigan said the police killing of 17-year-old laquan mcdonald … 
no surprise here at all . good cops in . bad cops out ... again ! ... and bad policies , practices , and oversight . 
illinois ag asks to investigate 
state attorney general lisa madigan said the police killing of 17-year-old laquan mcdonald highlights questions ... 

suv thief gets more than expected — two girls - 
thief steals suv with girls inside it : kansas cops - 
two girls were accidentally abducted tuesday when their family's suv was stolen , according … 
suv thief gets more than expected two girls 
two girls were accidentally abducted tuesday when their family's suv was stolen , according to police in kansas .... 

it's a girl ! mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan name first child max : 
mark zuckerberg announces birth of daughter ; pledges to give away 99% of facebook shares . 
it's a girl ! mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan name first child max via 
rt mark zuckerberg announces birth of daughter max ; vows to give away 99% of facebook shares https … 
it\'s a girl ! mark zuckerberg is now a proud parent 
it's a girl ! mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan name first child max via nbcnews 
rt mark zuckerberg announces birth of daughter ; pledges to give away 99% of facebook shares https :/ … 
my respect for kids on f ... 
congratulations !!!!! 
well , i think my name just peaked . 
mark zuckerberg announces birth of baby ; pledges to give away 99% of his facebook stock over time 

oregon mountain climber tommy fountain dies after falling into crevasse - rest in peace my friend , you'll be missed 
32-year-old hiker dies after falling into crevasse in oregon's cascade mountains 
oregon mountain climber , thomas fountain , dies after falling into crevasse 
oregon mountain climber dies after falling into crevasse - 
oregon hiker dies after falling into crevasse 
a 32-year-old hiker died after falling into a crevasse in oregon's cascade mountains over … 
a 32-year-old hiker died after falling into a crevasse in oregon's cascade mountains over the weekend ,... 

alaskan mayor found dead in home 
greg fisk , new mayor of juneau , alaska , found dead in home 
juneau , alaska's mayor found dead . 
an investigation is underway for the death of the responded to a 911 call ... 
rumors swirl as alaskan mayor found dead in home : 
rumors swirl as alaskan mayor of juneau found dead in home 
retweeted pitt griffin ( rumors swirl as alaskan mayor of juneau found dead in home ... 
who killed juneau mayor greg fisk ? via 
alaskan mayor ( and fmr fisheries specialist for the state's commerce department ) found dead in his home 
new mayor of juneau , alaska found dead in his home 
juneau police wouldn't comment on the cause of death and said they hadn't yet determined whethe .. 
newly elected juneau , alaska mayor found dead ...... 
rumors swirl as alaskan mayor , greg fisk , found dead in home via 
juneau , alaska , mayor greg fisk found dead in home 
rumors swirl as new mayor of juneau , alaska , found dead in home via 
web dsign 
seo website builder greg fisk , ne ... 

clinton basks in glow of women senators — with one absence 
women senators back clinton — with one notable absence 
clinton basks in glow of women senators w/ one absence : 
speaks volumes on warren's warped worldview and the deepening divide in dem party ( 2/2 ) 
women senators back clinton with one notable absence 
there were 13 chairs lined up on stage behind hillary clinton's podium here monday night , one for each democratic ... 
clinton ( mostly ) basks in glow of women senators 
dtn usa : clinton ( mostly ) basks in glow of women senators : there were 13 chairs lined up on stage behind hilla ... 
msnbc : clinton ( mostly ) basks in glow of women senators 
scouting clinton ( mostly ) basks in glow of women senators thoughts ? 
web dsign clinton basks in glow of wom ... 
there were 13 chairs lined up on stage behind hillary clinton’s podium here monday night , one for each democratic ... 

jetblue to recruit two-dozen non-fliers to be pilots 
you see this story & think " man , the onion is funny , " but it's real . jet blue hiring pilots . no experience needed . 
looking for a job ? is looking to hire 24 non-fliers to be trained as pilots ! 
jet blue is looking to train 24 new airline pilots from the ground up ~ no experience necessary 
instead of paying qualified pilots a solid salary is now training & hiriing pilots with no experience : 
jetblue to recruit non-fliers to be pilots 
i think i'll try this ! looking for non-traditional pilots ! 
here ya gandee 
jetblue wants to recruit a few flight students with no flying experience and train them to become pilots .... 
if this video thing doesn't work out , i could become a pilot ... 
hi just so you know : gateway 7 ? sign me up . 
candidate pool is dipping - offer on job training - great solution ! 
" so .. how long you been a pilot ? " " oh ... 6 months . " " really ? what did you do before this ? " " worked at edy's car ... 
msnbc jetblue wants to recruit a few flight students with no flying experience and train them ... 

yes he did on monday . 
officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death posts bond , leaves jail | nbc chicago via 
officer freed on bail ! just in case you missed this ! 
officer charged with murder for laquan mcdonald posts bond & leaves jail via 
officer charged with murder in death posts bond , leaves jail | nbc chicago via 
bail set at $1.5 m for cop in laquan mcdonald death 
bail set at . 5m for cop in laquan mcdonald death 
cop in laquan mcdonald death to be freed on bail - 
officer charged in laquan mcdonald's death returns to court 
cop charged with killing laquan mcdonald has posted bail and is expected to be released . 
had someone on video shot a cop 16 times i don't think he'd be out on bail . via nbcchicago 
what is the use of having video evidence in this case when the law allows you because of technicality , a crimanal ... 
officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death posts bond | nbc chicago via 
officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death posts bond , leaves jail via 
officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death posts bond | nbc chicago too ! 
officer charged with murder in death posts bond | nbc chicago via 
" officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death posts bond " vía 
$1.5 m bail for officer charged in laquan mcdonald's death 
lots of news today in the case -> prayer rally tonight , plus bond set for charged officer . details : 
lmfao ... i told mother fuckers he was getting bail ... lol . they are letting you know they can do whatever they ... 
bail set at $1.5 m for officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death | nbc chicago via 
bail is set at $1.5 million for chicago police officer charged with murder in the shooting death of 
the hearing for van dyke comes after days of protests in chicago over the killing of 17-year … 
bail set at $1.5 m for officer charged with murder in ' s death 
the hearing for van dyke comes after days of protests in chicago over the killing of 17-year-old laquan mcdonald .... 
officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death returns to court - nbc chicago : nbc chicago officer charged … 
officer charged in laquan mcdonald's death due in court 

consumer data & logistics planning are weighing on retailers ' profit beside shipping costs . 
out-of-stocks , overstocks and returns are costing $1.75 trillion a year ! via 
face growing out-of-stock , overstock , return costs 
need i say more ? 
retailers face a loss of profit due to digital sales and in-store out-of-stock merchandise via 
the costs of poor inventory management is increasing for retailers - contact us to learn how icontrol can help ! 
logistics are growing challenge for retailers 
msnbc out-of-stocks , overstocks and returns are costing retailers $1.75 trillion a year as th ... 
msnbc : logistics are growing challenge for retailers 

best apps to help you save this holiday season 
best apps to help you save this holiday season via 
- shop smart : the best apps to help you save this - via 
best apps to help you save this holiday season : the proliferation of price-comparison apps makes you ... 
msnbc : best apps to help you save this holiday season 
msnbc the proliferation of price-comparison apps makes your smartphone your best shopping all ... 

mayor announces task force on police accountability | nbc chicago via 
mayor to announce new task force on police accountability 
mayor announces task force on police accountability - mayor announces task force on police accountability 
chicago mayor to launch police task force amid backlash 
after police shot 200+ people , with only 2 " unjustified , " rahm creates taskforce on police accountability . 
mayor announces task force on police accountability - nbc chicago ( blog ) 
mayor to announce task force on police accountability 
that officer was wrong and deserves to be punished . the mayor of chicago needs to resign . his lack of leadership . 
is this the beginning of real change for the or just a pr move ? 
too late step down 
ask force ! can we have the video$ ? please ! ok ! what's the magic word ? 
rt . flag on the play delay of game no need 4 another task force … 
. flag on the play delay of game no need 4 another task force via 
task force proposes is worthless without releasing all tapes of police shootings . 
the announcement comes as city leaders — including rahm emanuel — face mounting criticism … 
the announcement comes as city leaders — including rahm emanuel — face mounting criticism over the handling of ... 
so ummmmm ..... what exact is the city of chicago independent police review authority ??????? an allegation that a ... 
but will it change anything ? via ward_room 

' we're at war ' : special ops force unleashed on isis 
\'more pressure\' on isis : pentagon to unleash special ops force 
the us is sending a special ops force to work with iraq's government to fight isis . 
' more pressure ' on isis : pentagon to unleash special ops force via ... and the u.s. is " at war " again !!! 
us putting 100 to 150 human shields and chips on its shoulders in iraq and syria and calling them " special ops " 
hostages could be rescued soon 🙏 > special ops force unleashed on is 
this president called them the jv . wrong again . they're varsity . specops to fight isis 
pentagon to unleash special ops force on isis 
rt of course nbc , cnn , foxnews want war . there's money in war . 
defense secretary carter : special ops force to iraq to fight isis 
u.s. is adding troops to iraq ! but shhhhhh you're not supposed to know ! - 
it is about fucking time ! 
rt via ' more pressure ' on pentagon to unleash special ops force . 
defense secretary carter : special ops force to iraq to fight - nbc news 
defense secretary ash carter said tuesday the u.s. military will deploy a specialized expeditionary targeting ... 
pentagon to unleash ultra-mega-ubber-new-untried-double-extra-special ops force to expand ny profit wardebt 
secy . of defense ash carter announces more troops to fight click to learn more : 
rt the slippery slope : first 50 ... now 150 ... what's the next number ??? - pentagon to unleash special ops force … 
finally able to get the job done and finish the problem now !!! 

destroying death star would trigger ' catastophic ' economic crisis 
better premise than the 1st 3 movies -> destroying death star would trigger ' catastophic ' economic crisis 
finance prof : destruction of death star would lead to galactic financial ruin ( 
this death star paper assumes the empire used banks and didn't just take what it needed from subject planets 
no for the empire destroying death star would trigger ' catastophic ' economic crisis 
death star's destruction would trigger ' catastophic ' economic crisis 
not if was chairman of the federal reserve | destroying death star would trigger economic crisis 
palatine's pride over his technological terror probably caused a 
the destruction of the death star would have triggered a ' catastrophic ' economic crash , st louis prof says 
why did i not write more papers based on the specific subject matter , & how it related to the universe ? 
episode 6.5 : the blue milk effect . destroying death star would trigger ' catastophic ' economic crisis 
death star\'s destruction would trigger economic crisis : study 
this is what happens when you don't have insurance ! 
fantastic article : 
way to go rebel alliance . 
the galactic empire : 
wanna say shut up nerds , but crap , valid point - destroying death star would trigger ' catastophic ' economic crisis 
' star wars ' : destroying death star would trigger economic crisis 
hah ! demolishing the death star would trigger "" an economic depression of astronomical proportions . "" 
meanwhile , in academia : destroying death star would trigger ' catastophic ' economic crisis , study shows 
blowing up the death star would trigger a galactic depression 
destroying death star would trigger ' catastophic ' economic crisis vía 
star wars : destroying the death star would trigger ' catastophic ' economic crisis via 
lol ! i love it !! destroying death star would trigger ' catastophic ' economic crisis 
rt destroying death star would trigger ' catastophic ' economic crisis 

providing charities with helping hands , needed funds - 
rt cfres , where are you donating this comment or retweet with a link to an org you care about … 
in the spirit of a wonderful story shares ones boys generosity during the season of 
no . let's do this . » providing charities w/ helping hands , needed funds 
today is 
today is giving tuesday ! are you volunteering or donating for a good cause ? find out how others are contributing ... 
are you giving back on find out how others are contributing to charities today : 
support your cause is today . 
one of our childcare workers reflects on the spirit of giving . 
make a difference ! so many wonderful ways to help others ! 
providing charities with helping hands & needed funds via - 
sonoma county nonprofits rally around giving tuesday - santa rosa press democrat ❤❤❤ 😱😿 
👨 western massachusetts charities gear up for - masslive 👨 ❤ ❤ 😚 
😊 is here - tallahassee 😎😊 
what's great about is you can be supportive and generous in any way you see fit . give your time ,... 
so what is 
how to safely navigate giving tuesday - wtsp 10 news 😚 ❤❤❤❤❤ ❤❤❤❤❤ 😛 
👵 western massachusetts charities gear up for - masslive ❤ 😬👵 
👽 after a long weekend of spending , giving tuesday takes spotlight - pittsburgh post-gazette 👽 😸 
👸 after a long weekend of spending , giving tuesday takes spotlight - pittsburgh post-gazette 👸 👵 
😮 love it or hate it , has become ' a thing ' - npr ❤❤❤ ❤❤❤ 💀😮 
great article about check out to learn about local nonprofits to support ! 
love it or hate it , has become ' a thing ' - npr 😣😝 
giving tuesday lends charities a helping hand 
😹 sonoma county nonprofits rally around giving tuesday - santa rosa press democrat 😘😹 
how will you support 
-- this fairly new social media trend is catching steam pretty quickly . are you donating or ... 

this hitler comedy is raking in millions in germany 
this hitler comedy is one of germany's most popular movies right now 
a hitler comedy is one of germany’s most popular movies right now 
i read the original book a few years ago . one of the best satires i've ever read . 
" look who's back , " a deadpan comedy featuring one of history's most murderous dictators , has become one of ... 
" look who's back , " a deadpan comedy featuring one of history's most murderous dictators , has … 
when the hitler alarm went off , i thought of you 
“ look who’s back , ” a deadpan comedy featuring one of history’s most murderous dictators , has become one of ... 
what does that say about germany ? even the film's director sounds worried . 

the crew was not taught stall recovery bc they didn't feel it would ever be needed ... unbelievable ! 
crash report blames computer failure , pilot response 
crash report blames computer failure and pilot response to that failure . 
response to malfunction caused crash that killed 162 via 
rt airasia crash report blames crew response to computer fault . eerie echoes of air france 447 
pilots ' response to malfunction caused crash that killed 162 
there is a red button on airbus side stick controllers that allows a pilot to override the input of the other ... 
pilots ' response 2 malfunction caused crash y doesn't the pilot have the ability to take complete control ? 
computer failure ... i am expecting a bunch of this in our future on railroads ... well wait a minute it happens ... 
don't read if u r afraid of flying . it gave me chills > frightening details of the air asia plane crash . 
the way pilots responded to a technical malfunction could've caused the airasia crash a year ago . 
pilots ’ response to malfunction caused crash that killed 162 
airasia investigation lays blame on computer failure and pilot response for december 2014 crash . 
the first airplane bsod .... all about why an indonesian airbus 320 crash and the related computer failure . 
pilots ' inability to respond correctly to computer malfunction caused airasia crash , investigators conclude . 
new : pilot error and computer failure blamed for the crash of an plane that left 162 people dead last year . 
good grief ! another hardware failure , confuses pilots & kills lots of people . why does this keep happening ?! 
what happened to the flight is harrowing : 2.5 min of sheer terror via by 

ted cruz : democrats making up threat of the ' condom police ' : 
making up threat of ' condom police ' 
sexpert ted cruz first to play sexual card w planned parenthood murderer colorado now condom expert pot kettle black 
sen. ted cruz ( r-tx ) told hundreds of iowans that the idea of “ condom police ” in the united states is a “ nonsense ... 
rt ted cruz : " last i checked we don't have a rubber shortage in america . " this is just one reason i … 
ted cruz : " last i checked we don't have a rubber shortage in america . " this is just one reason i love ted cruz ! 
it looks as if has turned the corner to batshit crazy 
turns out ted cruz is also the lead singer of the weirdest radiohead cover band ever . 
here are some words i never wanted to see in the same sentence 
" anyone who wants contraceptives can access them , but it's an utterly made-up nonsense issue . " ... 
the only form of birth control 4 women is having the man wear a condom ? 😑 
notice he talks about male birth ctrl ; oh the not-so-subtle sexism . cruz : noone banning birth control via 
ted cruz : democrats making up threat of the ‘ condom police ’ 
“ anyone who wants contraceptives can access them , but it’s an utterly made-up nonsense issue . ” 
video & write-up of cruz's animated " condom police " remarks . beginning defenses against " war on women " attacks --> 
in iowa cruz talks about lots of impt things , but alleged " condom police " is headline reports 

with 3,380,000 album sales in a week , adele shatters ' nsync's 2001 record -- a stunning feat in digital age . 
adele smashing records sales is anomaly in the digital age - 
captures what makes her unique in this day and age : 
adele smashing records sales is anomaly in digital age 
smashing records sales is anomaly in the digital age via 
the record industry has been bitching for years how the digital age has been killing their profits . i guess it's ... 
the 27-year-old british songstress soared to the top of the u.s. charts with 3.38 million in sales of her new ... 
comfort for banks and others that still want to be as non-digital as possible : be an adele amid digital disruption . 
adele smashing records sales- sorry via 
the 27-year-old british songstress soared to the top of the u.s. charts with 3.38 million in … 

rt police investigation : penguin's mystery death in zoo of and 2 others missing https://… 
first it was the dwarf monkeys . then a sea lion . now a penguin . the mystery at a german zoo . 
penguin's ' odd ' death is zoo's latest unsolved mystery 
the unexplained death of a humboldt penguin has prompted police to open an investigation … 
penguin's death is latest unsolved mystery to hit dortmund zoo - 
penguin’s ‘ odd ’ death is zoo’s latest unsolved mystery 
the unexplained death of a humboldt penguin has prompted police to open an investigation into the zoo animal’s ... 

russia won't make quick u-turn on syria , obama warns - 
will obama optimistic talk be enough support for opposition groups against a russian military ? 
president barack obama warned tuesday that persuading russia to change course over syria in order to tackle isis ... 
" won't make quick u-turn on o warns " o warned tuesday that persuading russia to change course over .. 
russia won’t make quick u-turn on syria , obama warns 

men more likely to take when it's a bouncing baby boy , research finds 
men more likely to take paternity leave for a son 
men more likely to take for a son , research shows 
new research on california's paternity leave law suggests men are more likely to take time off when they're ... 
msnbc new research on california's paternity leave law suggests men are more likely to take t ... 
well this is a little depressing . men more likely to take paternity leave for a first-born son , suggests this poll : 

not exactly his ideal headline jeb bush focuses on everything but iowa two months before 
jeb bush focuses on everything but iowa two months before caucus 
jeb bush was in iowa today 61 days before the caucus , but was his heart in new hampshire ? 
bush puts focus on n.h. , even in iowa 

so very yes . 
" pixar animation studio's first human protagonist of color made his debut on the big screen thanksgiving week in ... 
' sanjay's super team ' features pixar's first human protagonist of color 
pixar's 1st human protagonist of color made his big-screen debut thanksgiving week - 
sanjay's super team !!! you got this big kid at heart ! :) 
" sanjay's super team " is a seven-minute short film inspired by patel's experiences growing up as the child of ... 
aunty says , " good job , pixar , but next time , feature-length please . " :) 
" sanjay's super team " is a seven-minute short film inspired by director sanjay patel's experiences growing up as ... 

lindsey graham faces a looming deadline in his home state 
lindsey graham faces a looming deadline in his home state via 
lindsey graham faces a looming deadline in his home state via nbcnews he'll be gone in less than 3-weeks . 
a drop deadline for lindsey graham ? dec . 21 looms at home for the long shot candidate 
2016 : much chatter in sc about sen. lindsey graham dropping out early this month . deadline : dec . 21 ? my story - 
dtn usa : lindsey graham faces a looming deadline in his home state : graham will have to weigh whether it's wor ... 
scouting lindsey graham faces a looming deadline in his home state thoughts ? 
graham will have to weigh whether it’s worth continuing his long shot presidential bid in the face of a ... 

villagers to refugees : please don't fear ' christmas devils ' 
how is this a tradition anywhere ? 
actually does need explanation . " villagers to refugees : don't fear ' christmas devils '" 
this hilariously familiar . funny austrians ! * austrian villagers to refugees : please don't fear krampus * 
awww ... this is so sweet ! <3 
austrian villagers to please don't fear krampus - nbc news 
" welcome to central europe ! you're just in time for eggnog and devil-worship " 
oh look , using refugees to cross promote upcoming movie . stay classy . 
humans being humans for humans . one awful bumpersticker blurb and you're blocked .... 
villagers to refugees : please don't fear via 
nice to see that welcomes to europe . 
a sweet story about community & thanks krampus ! 
krampus is fun for everyone ! 
" she said the next event planned for the families who fled war-torn homelands will be traditional cookie baking . " 
aside from the implications for refugees this tradition sounds terrifying . via 
austrian villagers urge refugees to not fear krampus via 
villagers to refugees : please don't fear krampus lol ! via nbcnews 
communication builds understanding ! read- villagers 2 refugees : please don't fear ' christmas devils ' via 
rt refugees learn about scary traditions in austria … 
similar to the story shared a few days ago . 
note to self - must visit virgen . 
i wonder if the xian fundies in the us would be as amenable to ' christmas devils ' via 
rare specimen ; a lovely story from the front lines of introducing migrant kids to 
man , after seeing this stuff , i'll lay off the criticism a little bit . that's some freakiness . 
most hilarious story of the day : ‘ austrian villagers to syrian refugees : please don’t fear christmas devils ’ 
" don't worry , they're not real demons . just anonymous packs of drunk young men frustrated with rural life . 
this is a lovely example of how to welcome cultural newcomers . reading this did my heart good :) 
villagers to please don't fear ' christmas devils ' via 
heh : villagers to refugees - please don't fear krampus =p 
the integration of syrian and iraqi refugees in rural austria is facing a terrifying … 
austrian villagers to syrian refugees : please don't fear krampus oh no ! 

bill gates , mark zuckerberg and several other of the world's wealthiest tech and business titan .. 
new investment fund for & from some of world's richest ! 
gates , zuckerberg and other tech titans team up to push clean energy : 
tech billionaires team up to push clean energy 
tech titans team up to fight climate change , advance clean-energy technologies 
bill gates , mark zuckerberg and several other of the world's wealthiest tech and business … 

state department releases largest batch yet of clinton emails 
for whom was chelsea clinton writing this email ? 
state department releases largest batch yet of emails - nbc news 
who clinton called grinch and more from latest email dump 
state dept releases clinton emails proving she was aware the libya attacks were an organized militia via 
the state department on monday released 7,800 more pages of hillary clinton's emails from … 
new idea ... i'm going to take snippets from articles and then edit them to reflect the truth . in this first ... 
the state department on monday released 7,800 more pages of hillary clinton's emails from her time as secretary ... 
the state department on monday released 7,800 more pages of hillary clinton’s emails from her time as secretary ... 

south dakota ghost town on sale for $ 250,000 
any body want to go in on this south dakota ghost town ? 
imagine putting this in christmas stocking ! " south dakota ghost town on sale for $ 250,000 " | | 
trying to find that perfect gift for the person that has everything this holiday season ? how about an entire town ! 
a few of us could go in together ... :) 
south dakota ghost town on sale for $250000 - 
" everything must go : south dakota ghost town on sale for $ 250,000 " 
here's what i need , now to find the money . 
south dakota ghost town on sale for 50,000 
everything must go : south dakota ghost town on sale for $250k 
kinda want to sell my house and buy a town : 
the roughly 6-acre town of swett , includes a tavern , three-bedroom house and a former tire … 
" the tiny prairie domain also comes w/a new town sign ... to replace the previous 1 that was riddled w/bullet holes . " 
great deal , whole town for sale at 250k 

the joys of being connected all the time 
yeah , that's not disturbing . 
vtech hack exposes 6.4 million children's profiles - 
toymaker hack exposes 6.4 million children\'s profiles 
security is very important ... 
christmas is just around the corner and we are all busy buying presents for the kids . the recent data breach at vtec … 
more than 6 million vtech profiles hacked exposing names , birthdates , and addresses . 
security cannot be an afterthought for the internet of things !! or this will happen - 
it's so important as more and more consumer products are focused on becoming " smart / connected " that they also ... 
electronic toymaker vtech agreed to work with hong kong regulators after hackers gained … 
looks like the number is growing see : 
vtech hack exposes 6.4 million children’s profiles 
electronic toymaker vtech agreed to work with hong kong regulators after hackers gained access to data from ... 

-- please retweet . eric kohler is a standup guy & has been since day 1 in this business . 
rt tonight , mother & father continue their agonizing search for their son . 
rt this story has been bothering me all day . can't shake it . spreading awareness . via nbc … 
please cover this story and help us find our vfx friend 
mystery surrounds disappearance of producer 
rt rt gadinbcla : tonight , mother & father continue their agonizing search for their son . https :/ … 
producer who worked on \'x-men , \' \'avengers\' vanishes 
this story has been bothering me all day . can't shake it . spreading awareness . via nbcla 
i am really sad to be posting this , but my colleague megan's husband is friends with the missing man . on the off ... 
please keep your eyes out for him , his poor mom on this news report . : i mystery surrounds disappearance of ... 
please share and help find him ! 
this was shared in a facebook group i am a part of , i don't know this man but i'm hoping maybe sharing it will ... 
where is missing movie producer eric kohler , last seen on november 24th ? 
la facebook friends , please be aware and report if you know anything about eric's disappearance . his family is ... 
rt here is the link to the story about eric : 

white house strengthens visa waiver program after paris attacks via 
why do we have a visa waiver program to begin with ? why did obama & congress wait until now ? -[l ] not on this ... 
white house strengthens visa waiver program following paris attacks - 
white house strengthens visa waiver program after attacks 
" screening travelers from 38 nations not required to get visas before traveling to the united states " 
the white house on monday announced changes to a u.s. visa waiver program aimed at more … 
web dsign white house strengthens visa ... 
★ buy twt followers ★ } white house strengthens visa waiver program following ... { ☀☀☀ 
the white house on monday announced changes to a u.s. visa waiver program aimed at more tightly screening ... 

venue won't be ' mausoleum , ' will reopen 
paris terror attack venue bataclan will reopen in 2016 : owners - 
the bataclan concert hall where terrorists massacred 89 people last month is to reopen at the end of next year ,... 
news : paris terror attack venue bataclan will reopen in 2016 : owners - 
paris attack concert hall won't be ' mausoleum , ' will reopen in 2016 via 
rt venue won't be ' mausoleum , ' will reopen 
paris attack venue won’t be ‘ mausoleum , ’ will reopen 
owners to reopen bataclan so concert hall doesn't become ' mausoleum ' after paris attacks 

scientists create touchable - 
create touchable holograms ; 
japanese scientists create touchable holograms - nbc news 
wow , its amazing where this is going , it's straight out of a sci fi movie 
a group of japanese scientists have created touchable hologram ... 
wuuuutttt . create touchable - 
ok . this is a truly amazing way of bringing the holocaust alive for future generations . touchable holograms 
japanese created touchable amazing ! 
i know this is not pc to say -- but i always knew it would be the japanese who would broker this . thanks team !... 
oh ! jean-luc ! the holodeck is coming . 
3d images if you can touch it , then you can make something where you'll think that there actually is something there 
forever ... 

