what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to cops 
what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to cops ( msnbc ) ( 2238 gmt ) 
what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to cops : zachary becerra loves superheroes . but fo ... 
never underestimate someone b/c of their age ! 7 y/o honors one po at a time . via 
oh my gosh my heart needed this . if you can find the full story online ( i couldn't , i think because it just aired ... 
what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to police officers via 
zachary becerra loves superheroes . but for this 7-year-old , there are no greater heroes than … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! what one 7-year-old boy does to show his g … 
zachary becerra loves superheroes . but for this 7-year-old , there are no greater heroes than new york city's ... 

forty years after resettlement , thousands of southeast asian refugees face ... - 
go 1love movement ! 
rt 13,000 cambodian , vietnamese , and laotian americans have been served deportation orders in past 20 yrs … 
mia-lia boua kiernan : " how many times in one lifetime can you be displaced ? " 
. forty years after resettlement , thousands of face via 
of 2 mln immig deported by obama , 47% were booted cuz of traffic violations . via 
incredible 
13,000 cambodian , vietnamese , and laotian americans have been served deportation orders in past 20 yrs via 
' how many times can you be displaced ? ' 40 yrs after resettlement , thousands of se asian refugees face deportation 
40 years after resettlement , refugees fear deportation 
retweeted advancingjustice|chi ( forty years after resettlement , thousands of southeast asian ... 
forty years after resettlement in america , thousands of southeast asian refugees face deportation 
over the past two decades , more than 13,000 southeast asian refugees in the u.s. have been served deportation orders 
after 40 years of resettlement , southeast asian refugees are being deported : 
40 years after resettlement , thousands of face deportation via 
rt my first for 40 yrs after resettlement , thousands of sea refugees face deportation … 
40yrs after resettlement , thousands of sea refugees face deportation via 
more than 13,000 southeast asians have been served deportation orders — 
my first for 40 yrs after resettlement , thousands of sea refugees face deportation via 
obama's makes room for more isis 40 years after resettlement , thousands of southeast asian refugees face deportation 
" although deportation is largely seen as an issue affecting immigrants who are undocumented , legal permanent ... 

man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment ( msnbc ) ( 1838 gmt ) 
man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment via 
a loser killed this deputy because he was in law enforcement , no other reason ....... 
man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment : man accused of killing a houston sheriff's deputy in ... 
accused killer targeted texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment - 
man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment ( msnbc ) ( 1510 gmt ) 

traveling for thanksgiving ? gas prices are lowest in seven years - 
vegas , baby ! thanksgiving treat : gas prices are lowest in 7 years via nbcnews 
thanksgiving week gas prices are lowest in 7 years 
here's something to be thankful for : the average price of gas this thanksgiving week is the lowest it's been in seven years . 

. dad takes center stage in new ad 
news : gets ready to roll out first early-state b'cast ad . exclusive first look on / 
marco rubio's dad takes center stage in new ad - the spot is the first in a $20 million ad buy that begins thur ... 
marco rubio's dad takes center stage in new ad via 
rt marco rubio's dad takes center stage in new ad 
exclusive first look : 1st early-state ad , to begin airing in on thurs . 
rt . dad takes center stage in new ad 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! marco rubio's dad takes center stage in ne … 
todayshow : rt halliejackson : news : marcorubio gets ready to roll out first early-state b'cast ad . exclusive first … 
rt halliejackson : news : marcorubio gets ready to roll out first early-state b'… 
the spot is the first in a $20 million ad buy that begins thursday and extends through … 
the spot is the first in a $20 million ad buy that begins thursday and extends through february in iowa , new ... 
rubio is going up with a biographical tv ad in iowa on thurs . first of a $20m buy in the four early-voting states 
. gets rubio’s first early state ad buy 

tech giants don't budge as lawmakers push weakened 
giants don't budge as lawmakers push weakened via 
“ ... tech companies are trying to do the right thing , and it's because it's good for business for them . ” 
tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption 
tech giants fight l ... | 
tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption : the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate around e ... 
dtn usa : tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption : the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate ... 
scouting tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption thoughts ? 
tech giants fight lawmakers on crypto compromise - the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate around e ... 
unidrone explorer > tech giants fight lawmakers on crypto compromise 
the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate around encryption inside the beltway , much to the chagrin of ... 

suspect in shooting of new orleans student in custody 
update : new orleans police : suspect in shooting of medical student taken into custody . 
suspect in shooting of new orleans medical student in custody 
great work new orleans pd & us marshalls ... 
another obama son . dragged woman down street , murdered tulane student who tried to intervene . fully confesses . 
rt update : new orleans police : suspect in shooting of medical student taken into custody . … 
we should applaud the tulane student who was shot risking his in new orleans to keep a woman from being abducted 
⚜ suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run : new orleans police announced sunday that ... 
suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run ( msnbc ) ( 1340 gmt ) 
helen hey babe . how was new orleans ? charlie the president did very well . 
new orleans police announced sunday that they had made progress in the investigation by … 
rt update : suspect in shooting of medical student who helped stop attack of woman now in custody … 
they caught the 
suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run ( msnbc ) ( 1110 gmt ) 

get some exercise , doctors tell pregnant women 
not sure how to start ? give us a call and speak to megan bowden 
pro tip : don't ever tell a pregnant woman what to do . 
my patients ... 
being newly pregnant , everyone tells me to eat for 2 , relax , and take it easy . a new study says that's not the case . 
get some doctors tell women 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! get some exercise , doctors tell pregnant w … 
pregnant ? get up off the couch and exercise , doctors say .... 
doctors urge women to get active : 
this is an interesting read ! 

media are showing identities of accused killers . 
dna and a pink sweater : how the cops cracked the amanda blackburn murder case . 
read the fourth paragraph 
dna and a pink sweater : how the cops cracked the amanda blackburn murder case . … 
" though everything inside of me wants to hate , be angry , and slip into despair i choose the route of forgiveness ,... 
two charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife 
teen charged with murdering pastor's wife amanda blackburn 
two young men were charged monday in the murder of an indianapolis pastor's pregnant wife during a home invasion 
rt lol this scum should die like you 
charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife via 
two charged with murdering pastors pregnant wife via where is out rage from obama and his husband michelle 
where will the protests be held for this ...??? i guess infant lives and pregnant mothers lives don't matter either 
rt here is the dynamic duo ... mug shots 
update : suspects , ages 18 and 21 , charged in murder of indianapolis pastor's pregnant wife 
rt hate crime : activists murder white pastor's wife ht … 
two charged with murdering pastor's wife amanda blackburn - 
how about the 28 year white pregnant woman that got shot in the head ? 
aka charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife : 
teen charged with murdering pastor\'s pregnant wife 
rt two charged with murdering indiana pastor's pregnant wife 
your covering this too right katie ?? 
race of perp race of victim here irrelevant to media . gee i wonder why . 

u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches after a cyber intelligence firm privately warned them ... 
retailers on the lookout for stealthy malware attacks 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! retailers on the lookout for stealthy malw … 

carson now says he didn\'t see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 
i'm ready to propose a new dsm diagnosis : republican hallucinatory disorder ( rhd ) . rhs causes severe ... 
this guy walks back almost everything he says-except almost killing a friend and going after mother with a hammer ... 
i am getting fed up with these republican fools and the time and energy it costs to continually refute their ... 
update : carson now says he didn’t see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 
carson now says he didn't see us muslims cheer 9/11 - 
" carson does not stand by his statements . hearing & thinking something differently!' 

watch live : trump ohio campaign rally via 

becky you missed it ! 
a cool 1.5 million .......... 
dress worn by judy garland in ' the wizard of oz ' has sold for $ 1,560,000 at auction . 
dress worn by judy garland in ' wizard of oz ' has sold for $ 1,560,000 at auction 
garland\'s \'wizard of oz\' dress goes for . 5 million 
judy garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress fetches $1.5 million at auction 
whoa , dorothy - that's a lot of emeralds ! the wizard of oz 
iconic .... judy garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress fetches $1.5 million at auction 
okay . who was it ? who got me this dress ? i need to know if i'm to write an appropriate " thank you " card 
thats just ridiculous !! 
garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress goes for $1.5 million 
garland’s ‘ wizard of oz ’ dress goes for $1.5 million 
a dress worn by judy garland in the 1939 movie “ the wizard of oz ” sold for $1.56 million at an auction in new ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress goes for $1 … 
a dress worn by judy garland in the 1939 movie " the wizard of oz " sold for $1.56 million at an auction in new ... 

our hearts go out to the five protesters shot in minneapolis last night at 
minneapolis police searching for 3 white suspects after 5 people shot near protest over shooting of black man . 
prayers for those affected by the while protesting for 
nbcnightlynews : minneapolis police searching for 3 white suspects after 5 people shot near protest over shooting o … 
jamar clark protests : 5 shot near black lives matter encampment 
five shot at minneapolis protests for jamar clark 
3 white men sought in shooting at protest - 
minneapolis police searching for 3 white suspects after 5 people shot near protest over shooting of black ma … 
incorrect , all 5 are alive- still terrible . 
five shot at protests for jamar clark . ( article is confusing , but informative ) ... 
5 protesters shot near encampment calling for 
five shot at minneapolis protest for jamar clark 
continue reading 
nbc news 
our thoughts & prayers are with : 
five shot near protest over police killing of jamar clark 
the shooting happened around a block away from the minneapolis police department 4th precinct , where black lives ... 
protests : 5 shot near encampment ! 

girl driving grandfather killed in car rollover : reports 
girl driving grandfather killed in car rollover : reports via 
the little girl was not wearing a seat belt , the kansas highway patrol said .... 
cadence orcutt , 8-year-old kansas girl , killed in car crash - 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! girl driving grandfather killed in car rol … 

male , female drinking habits ... 
us women’s drinking rates are catching up to men . 
women drinking more like men , study finds 
survey : us men are drinking a little less and us women are drinking a little more 
researchers : us men are drinking a little less and us women are drinking a little more . 
male , female becoming more similar : study 
american women are starting to drink more and more like men - and men are starting to drink … 
american women are starting to drink more and more like men - and men are starting to drink a little more like ... 
women breaking through shotglass celing 
are our roles being reversed ? click the link to learn more about this interesting study . 

the dallas mayor would give it to him : muslim teen's family demands $15 million over clock incident via 
if the payment isn't made with within 60 days , the letter says , a civil suit will be filed . 
muslim teen's family demands $15 million over clock incident | nbc 5 dallas-fort worth 
texas clock teen demands $15 million for ' hoax bomb ' arrest 
i think americans would like to give this kid 15,000,000 of something ... but i assure you it isn't dollars . 
texas clock teen demands $15 million for ' hoax bomb ' arrest ( msnbc ) ( 2232 gmt ) 
texas clock teen demands 5 million for \'hoax bomb\' arrest 
muslim teen's family wants $15 million over clock case via ridiculous . if they win , give it to muslim fund 
rt texas clock teen demands $15 million for ' hoax bomb ' arrest : if payment isn't made to ahmed mohamed's family w ... https : … 
if payment isn't made to ahmed mohamed's family with within 60 days , a civil suit will be filed against irving ,... 
if payment isn't made to ahmed mohamed's family with within 60 days , a civil suit will be … 
you gotta be kidding ... not right . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! texas clock teen demands $15 million for ' … 
are you okay with this ? better be from your pocket and not taxpayers 
muslim teen's family demands $15m over clock incident 
so many layers of teen's family demands $15 million | nbc 5 dallas-fort worth via 
family of clock-making teen ahmed mohamed demand public apologies and $15m in compensation . 
this is absolutely disgusting !!! 
and another story ruined by greed . -- muslim teen's family demands $15 million over clock incident | via 
muslim teen's family demands $15m over clock incident . yeah , go pound sand !!!! 
15 million really . smdh 
ahmed mohamed's family demands $15 million over clock incident | via 
rt muslim teen's family demands $15m over clock incident 

buys allergan in $160b deal that will slash its u.s. taxes industry 
pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal that will slash its u.s. taxes 
pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal that will slash its u.s. taxes via 
rt drug maker pfizer buys allergan in 60b deal 
pfizer buys allergan in $ 160,000,000,000 deal that will create world’s largest drugmaker 
drug maker pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal ( msnbc ) ( 1255 gmt ) 
pfizer ( maker of viagra ) bought out which irish based botox company for how much and why ? 
drug maker pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal ( msnbc ) ( 1013 gmt ) 
rt move over emc-dell . this is the big one for 2015 ! pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal t … 
pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal that will slash its us taxes 
msnbc : drug maker pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal 
msnbc pfizer and allergan are joining in the biggest buyout of the year , a $160 billion stock ... 
rt drug maker pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal 
drug maker pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal : pfizer and allergan are joining in the biggest buyout of ... 

first read : ted cruz makes his move in iowa - 
first read : ted cruz makes his move in iowa via 
rt first read : ted cruz makes his move in iowa - 
vist- read : ted cruz makes his move in iowa - 
meetthepress : from nbcfirstread : makes his move in a new iowa 
from makes his move in a new iowa 
in new iowa poll , ted cruz is making his move in challenge to donald trump and ben carson . 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day's… 
ted cruz is making his move in iowa -- via 
new indicate where things stand in gop race abt 2 mos out from ia & nh 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day's most important ... 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day’s most important ... 

consumer alert : use of credit card " skimmers " at gas stations and atms is exploding 
stay alert to anything you stick a credit/debit card in , especially this holiday travel-shop season . 
use of credit card ' skimmers ' at gas stations , atms is exploding - 
use of skimmers at gas stations exploding when will the us require chip and pin ? 
use of credit card ' skimmers ' is exploding 
this is an issue . check your bank and credit card accounts regularly . 
from nbc nightly news last night on credit card skimmers in michigan . 
⚠️use of credit card ' skimmers ' is exploding⚠️ 
call to calendar your free credit report review today . 
pay with cash , or pay inside the station 
skimmers are being used to steal your credit card information . this easy to come by technology allows brazen ... 
the use of credit card " skimmers , " tiny devices inserted into a gas pump or atm , by identity thieves is ... 
inspectors are now coming across multiple credit card skimmers a week - not just in large cities , but small towns . 

meanwhile in america : neighbor shoots and kills boy , 7 , and his parents in columbus , ohio via 
slaughter in columbus , oh yesterday 
boy , 7 , and parents are dead since shooting in columbus , ohio , home . via 
boy , 7 , and parents shot and killed in columbus , ohio , home via 
boy , 7 , and parents shot and killed in columbus , ohio , home ; gunman dead - 
boy , 7 , and parents killed in ohio home ; gunman dead - 
boy , 7 & his parents shot & killed in home , gunman dead ! 
three killed in columbus , ohio , home invasion ; shooter dead - 
three killed in ohio home invasion ; shooter dead 
three killed in ohio home invasion ; gunman critical 
seo website builder boy , 7 , and p ... 
web dsign 
three killed in columbus , ohio , police-involved shooting ( msnbc ) ( 2053 gmt ) 
★ buy twt followers ★ } boy , 7 , and parents shot and killed in columbus , ohio ,... { ☀☀☀ 
police id victims in killings as 7-year-old boy and parents . gunman also dead . 
rt three killed in columbus , ohio , officer-involved shooting . police confirm . 
three killed in columbus , ohio , home invasion via 

man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old girl in ky . 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old gabriella doolin 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of gabriella doolin , 7 via 
my god : 
kentucky man could face death in rape & murder of 7-year-old 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old ( msnbc ) ( 1911 gmt ) 
thug smh 
kentucky man could face death in rape and murder of 7 yr old girl . via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! man could face death in rape , murder of 7- … 
it is dedicated to lady gaga man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old girl in k … 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old ( msnbc ) ( 1532 gmt ) 
timothy wayne madden was held on $1 million bail monday and could face the death sentence .... 
kentucky man charged in killing of 7-year-old gabriella doolin could face death penalty . 

state department issues worldwide travel alert : 
citing terror threats , state department issues worldwide travel alert via 
🇺🇸 issues worldwide 🌎🌍🌏 travel alert ✈️ via nbcnews 
citing terror threats , state dept issues worldwide travel alert 
rt state department issues worldwide travel alert : 
citing terror threats , issues worldwide 
as isis sucks us into more war , the best " victory " we can ever hope to get is a pyrrhic victory . 
awesome <_< and i get to fly through france tomorrow 
vist- terror threats , state dept issues worldwide travel alert - nbcnews .… 

can a tax-exempt 501c4 " social welfare " group benefit a single ' 16 candidate ? that's the q regarding pro-rubio group 
breaking the law 
sure looks like marco rubio's supporters are breaking the law : 
rt pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law tells & … 
" the publicly available facts indicate that conservative solutions project is little more than a single-candidate ... 
campaign finance watchdogs tell that a pro-rubio tv ad campaign may have broken law : 
pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law tells & via 
oops ? 
somehow , running ads promoting marco rubio's presidential bid amounts to " social welfare " 
btw -- watch the video . really interesting re : how much candidates pay vs super pacs and dark $ groups . 
are these pro- ads breaking campaign finance law ? 
cheating his way up the polls : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law 
we're not the only ones : says is breaking law with ads 
rt the dark money group backing rubio with millions in ads paid for by unknown donors raises new legal questions … 
legal questions are being raised about conservative solutions project , an outside group … 
campaign watchdogs : pro-rubio tv are illegal via 

know it all : tuesday's top 7 stories at nbc news 
check out today's top headlines .... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! know it all : tuesday's top 7 stories at nb … 

centcom may have \'manipulated\' isis intel 
centcom may have ' manipulated ' isis intel , officials say - nbc news 
officials to nbc news : centcom may have ' manipulated ' isis intel 
rt msnbc : centcom may have ' manipulated ' isis intel 
centcom ' manipulated ' isis intel , to help obama !! 
woww ... ok ... hold on to your hats ... it's comingggg ! 
may have ' manipulated ' intel , officials say via 
pentagon papers anyone ? ... those , who do not learn from history , are condemned to repeat it . 

explosive belt found in paris suburb 
more ridiculous staged theatrical false flag propaganda ... 
the discovery in the montrouge neighborhood triggered new worries as investigators continued … 
the discovery in the montrouge neighborhood triggered new worries as investigators continued an international ... 

everything you need to know before buying a new tv 
buying a tv is no longer just choosing how big a screen you want . here's a rundown of the latest features and ... 
buying a tv is no longer just choosing how big a screen you want . here's a rundown of the … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! everything you need to know before buying … 
this makes my head hurt . — black friday brief : what you need to know before buying a new tv 

update : trump : ‘ i have the world’s greatest memory ’ 
amid controversy , trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' all those " thousands and thousands " in jersey city ? 
amid latest controversy , trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' - 
trump tells he knows he saw tv of muslims celebrating 9/11 because he has ' world's greatest memory ' 
trump’s great memory 
its a bird , its a plane , no its buffoonman ! trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' via 
seems like an opportunity for an amazing new case study 😃 ' via nbcnews 
msnbc : trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' 
bs , everybody knows kim-jong un has the world’s greatest memory . it’s hereditary . 
dtn usa : trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invincible , despite inten ... 
trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invincible , despite intense push b ... 
trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invin ... via . 
scouting trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' thoughts ? 
donald trump is a joke . this guy just gets more outrageous with each comment he makes . scary that some support him . 
can all of this really be happening ? this man has a double-digit lead . where am i ? via 
web dsign 
seo website builder amid latest c ... 

sister of woman in paris terror cell speaks out 
continue reading 
nbc news 
sister of woman in paris terror cell calls her ' sad ' 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! sister of woman in paris terror cell calls … 
sister of woman in paris terror cell calls her ‘ sad ’ 

france wants u.s. to ' bring the fight to the terrorists ' 
paris attacks : obama , hollande to meet to discuss war on isis - 
u.s. to ' the to the - 
wants to ' bring the fight to the but is a pussy about it 
attacks : to meet to discuss war on - : 
msnbc : france wants u.s. to ' bring fight to the terrorists ' 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! france wants u.s. to ' bring the fight to t … 
wants to ' bring the fight to the terrorists ' : via 
update : france wants u.s. to ‘ bring the fight to the terrorists ’ 
scouting france wants u.s. to ' bring fight to the terrorists ' thoughts ? 
dtn usa : france wants u.s. to ' bring fight to the terrorists ' : president barack obama and french president fra ... 
france wants u.s. to ‘ bring fight to the terrorists ’ 

kerry arrives in israel to ' calm things down a little ' 
kerry arrives in israel for talks with netanyahu , abbas 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! kerry arrives in israel to ' calm things do … 
a rash of deadly attacks have dampened any lingering hopes of renewed peace negotiations … 
kerry arrives in israel to ‘ calm things down a little ’ 
a rash of deadly attacks have dampened any lingering hopes of renewed peace negotiations between israel and the ... 

gay student sues over textbooks ' claims that homosexuality is disease 
student sues over textbooks ' claims on homosexuality 
chinese textbooks claim homosexuality is disease ; student sues 
china . maybe this'd work in tex " gay student sues that over textbooks ' claims homosexuality is disease " via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! student sues over textbooks ' claims on hom … 
qiu bai , 20 , raised the issue two years ago as a curious freshman looking through medical … 
qiu bai , 20 , raised the issue two years ago as a curious freshman looking through medical textbooks for answers ... 
student sues over textbooks ’ claims on homosexuality 

1.9 m in europe's capital told alert won't end for week - 
update : 1.9 m in europe’s capital told alert won’t end for week 
1.9 m in europe's capital told lockdown won't end for week 
brussels on lockdown : terror alert extended for week 
paris attacks investigation continues as belgium remains on lockdown 
on lockdown : alert for week - 
european officials were working feverishly on numerous fronts tuesday to stave off potential … 
1.9 m in europe's capital told won't end for week via 
update : 1.9 m in europe’s capital told lockdown won’t end for week 
the nov . 13 terror attacks in paris left 130 people dead .... 

what men can learn from women about saving for via 
what men can learn from women about saving for retirement - 
it seems women know how to work the investment system better . 
it seems women know how to work the system better . 
shares strategies broken down by gender . who does it better ? find out here : 
what men can learn from women when it comes to managing 401(k)s 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! women outshine men in managing 401(k)s : st … 
women outshine men in managing 401(k)s : study 
women are better than men at managing their 401(k)s , according to study that contains some good lessons for ... 
msnbc women are better than men at managing their 401(k)s , according to study that contains s ... 

drone task force makes recommendations for national registry 
drone task force makes recommendations for national registry via 
on more info 
drone task force makes recs for national registry 
faa's earl lawrence says formulation of recommendations by 25-member drone task force ' was truly g ... 
faa's earl lawrence says formulation of recommendations by 25-member drone … 

spotted but still missing ... the 21 year search for renee lamanna . have you seen her ? 
sighted but still missing : the 21 year search for renee lamanna 
fascinating but sad story of a woman with dissociative disorder missing 21yrs . speaks 5 lang . but essentially lost 
renee lamanna story hits home for me . like renee's family i haven't seen my mom cloudia leslie wells missing for ... 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching ( msnbc ) ( 2202 gmt ) 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching ( msnbc ) ( 1938 gmt ) 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching ( msnbc ) ( 1659 gmt ) 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching ( msnbc ) ( 1440 gmt ) 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching : dozens of sightings over the past two decades ... 

wintry mix could snarl holiday travel in plains , west 
wintry mix could snarl thanksgiving travel in plains , west 
thanksgiving travelers in plains , west should expect issues due to snow and ice 
focus is on holiday travelers - but some have to drive for a living : 
central michigan cruises to win over kent state , becomes bowl eligible - mlive 😧 😎 
top 10 cities that san antonians plan on traveling to for thanksgiving - mysanantonio 😯😲 
😞 hit the road , toad # no different people wanted # - politico 😾😞 
when the weather really gets rough is midweek , right in time for wednesday , which is the … 
when the weather really gets rough is midweek , right in time for wednesday , which is the biggest travel day of ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! wintry mix could snarl thanksgiving travel … 

choose dark or light side with google ' star wars ' mode 
choose dark or light side with google ‘ star wars ’ mode 
google and star wars want you to witness the firepower of their fully armed and operational marketing campaign . 
choose dark or light side with mode via nbcnews 
eric rebron posted it on - 

dell acknowledges security hole in recently shipped laptops - 
dell acknowledges security hole in new laptops 
dell admits software in some new laptops makes it easy for hackers to access private data . 

ceos of 78 global companies urge governments to price carbon emissions . 
siemens , unilever , hsbc , pepsico ... major international companies from numerous industries joining 74 others in ... 
78 ceos urge pricing of carbon emissions 
rt 78 ceos urge pricing of carbon emissions 
msnbc leaders of 78 major global companies urged governments on monday to include pricing of ... 
leaders of 78 major global companies urged governments on monday to include pricing of carbon emissions in ... 

carson down , cruz up in new iowa poll 
carson down , cruz up in new iowa poll : ted cruz has surged into a statistical tie ... via . 
update : carson down , cruz up in new iowa poll 
ted cruz has surged into a statistical tie with donald trump at the top of the gop pack , be sociable , share !... 

prayers for the families of 4 military service members killed in military helicopter crash at fort hood . 
all four crew members aboard a military helicopter that crashed at fort hood in texas monday afternoon were ... 
four killed in military helicopter crash at fort hood in texas 
rt to these brave soldiers ... four killed in helicopter crash at in texas : … 
always boggles me most when this happens conus ..... condolences to the families of the fallen .... 
praying for families ..... 
to these brave soldiers ... four killed in helicopter crash at in texas : ( via ) 
in at in - 
rt our hearts and prayers are w families of those killed in helo crash 
rt condolences to ft hood & their families : four killed in military helicopter crash at fort hood in texas … 
on heels of apache crash in south korea another 4 soldiers are dead at fort hood . this time a blackhawk . prayers ... 

love notes honor late wife 
a husband honors his late wife by handing out 100 love notes to strangers on the streets of charlotte , north ... 

turkey shoots down russian warplane 
rt turkey shoots down russian warplane 
turkey shoots down russian warplane via 
turkey shoots down russian warplane ; putin calls it a ' crime ' 
interesting thanksgiving week headline : " turkey shoots down russian warplane " 
shoots down warplane via 
rt shoots down warplane via 
shoots down russian warplane near border with syria 
not a small matter . this morning , turkish forces shot down a russian military aircraft near the syrian border . 
wow . turkey . u continue to amaze the world and never in good ways . 
putin insists on supporting his puppet and screws up the whole fight against isis by having his aircraft in ... 
turkey shoots down russian warplane near border with syria - nbc news 
military helicopters search for 2 pilots ejected from warplane downed by 
" vladimir putin called incident a ' stab in the back by terrorist helpers '" while also saying sam to blame ? 
well ... way to go turkey ... real smooth ... 
a top story this morning . turkey shoots down a russian fighter jet . here's what we know . details coming in . 
nigeria watch pres putting statements ! tell me if is leader 
" first time a nato member's military has downed a russian or soviet military aircraft since the 1950s . " 
it was a matter of time : shoots down warplane near border with 
rt turkey shoots down russian fighter jet . putin should respond responsibly , but these are precariously volatile times https :/ … 
putin , as most russian or soviet leaders have done in the past , is forcing aggression too hastily ! if the ... 
oh boy ! everyone ready ? cold war ii is coming ! 

congrats to the california innocence project for exonerating luis vargas of 3 rapes after 16 years , based on dna ... 
after 16 years in prison , dna clears convict of sex crimes 
dna clears california man after 16 years in prison 
todayshow : dna clears california man after 16 years in prison : 
rt after 16 years in prison , dna clears convict of sex crimes | nbc southern california … 
after 16 years in prison , dna clears convict of sex crimes | nbc southern california vía 
dna has freed a california man after 16 years in prison for sexual assaults he didn't commit … 
dna has freed a california man after 16 years in prison for sexual assaults he didn't commit . authorities now ... 
making false rape claims shd be included in sex ed . 

colorado woman killed in arizona skydiving accident - 
skydiving student killed in arizona weekend accident ( msnbc ) ( 1617 gmt ) 
skydiving student killed in weekend accident in arizona 
last-second turbulence was blamed for sending a tandem skydiving team plunging into the … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! colorado woman killed in arizona skydiving … 
last-second turbulence was blamed for sending a tandem skydiving team plunging into the ground , killing a ... 

