here ya gandee 
jetblue to recruit two-dozen non-fliers to be pilots - 
jetblue to recruit two-dozen non-fliers to be pilots // this sounds like a joke 
jetblue wants to recruit a few flight students with no flying experience and train them to become pilots .... 
if this video thing doesn't work out , i could become a pilot ... 
jetblue to recruit non-fliers to be pilots 
hi just so you know : gateway 7 ? sign me up . 
candidate pool is dipping - offer on job training - great solution ! 
" so .. how long you been a pilot ? " " oh ... 6 months . " " really ? what did you do before this ? " " worked at edy's car ... 
msnbc jetblue wants to recruit a few flight students with no flying experience and train them ... 

bans phone solicitors from accepting wire transfers , pre-loaded debit cards , e-checks - favored by scammers : 
the made it easier for you to spot telephone & hang up on crooks before they can steal your money . 
the ftc is cracking down on phone fraud by banning certain payment methods via 
phone fraud gets harder as ftc bans payment methods favored by crooks : 
phone gets harder as ftc bans methods favored by crooks , 
rt phone fraud gets harder as ftc bans payment methods favored by crooks 
ftc bans phone payments favored by fraudsters 
us : phone fraud gets harder as ftc bans payment methods favoured by crooks 
msnbc the federal trade commission just made it easier for you to spot telephone fraud by ban ... 
heads up . 
reports on ftc's ban on payment methods favored by fraudsters 
makes it tougher for artists , banning use of three payment methods via phone 
nice job ftc ... nice job .... 
are they banning the product or just use over the phone ? via nbcnews 

making up threat of ' condom police ' 
sexpert ted cruz first to play sexual card w planned parenthood murderer colorado now condom expert pot kettle black 
sen. ted cruz ( r-tx ) told hundreds of iowans that the idea of “ condom police ” in the united states is a “ nonsense ... 
rt that's a unique way of putting it . ;-) ted cruz : democrats making up threat of ' condom police ' 
rt ted cruz : " last i checked we don't have a rubber shortage in america . " this is just one reason i … 
ted cruz : " last i checked we don't have a rubber shortage in america . " this is just one reason i love ted cruz ! 
it looks as if has turned the corner to batshit crazy 
ted cruz : democrats making up threat of the ' condom police ' : " anyone who wants contraceptives can access them ,... 
turns out ted cruz is also the lead singer of the weirdest radiohead cover band ever . 
here are some words i never wanted to see in the same sentence 
" anyone who wants contraceptives can access them , but it's an utterly made-up nonsense issue . " ... 
the only form of birth control 4 women is having the man wear a condom ? 😑 
notice he talks about male birth ctrl ; oh the not-so-subtle sexism . cruz : noone banning birth control via 
ted cruz : democrats making up threat of the ‘ condom police ’ 
“ anyone who wants contraceptives can access them , but it’s an utterly made-up nonsense issue . ” 
video & write-up of cruz's animated " condom police " remarks . beginning defenses against " war on women " attacks --> 
in iowa cruz talks about lots of impt things , but alleged " condom police " is headline reports 

cops track down woman who duc t-t aped dog's mouth , charge her with cruelty 
she's been found . 
cops track down woman who taped dog's mouth , charge her with cruelty . 
cops track down woman on twitter who taped dog's mouth , charge her with cruelty via 
busted !! 
a woman has been charged in north carolina after a facebook photo of a dog with its mouth duc t-t aped shut went viral 
justice prevails : woman behind viral post of duc t-t aped dog charged with animal cruelty in north carolina . 
good ! but .. they let the dog stay with her because they said the dog was really cared for ! really !? after what she ... 
they got her 
apparently didn't think the taped lab pic was animal cruelty , but the us law did : 
cops track down woman who taped dog’s mouth , charge her with cruelty : 
good thing now everyone can go back to shitting rainbows 
charges have been filed !... 
cruelty comes in many forms , some are blatant , some are less subtle . if you cannot care for your animals properly ... 
andrea doucet this one is real , i swear lol 
woman who taped dog's mouth charged with cruelty 
cops find woman who taped dog's mouth shut ! 
cops track down n.c. woman who taped dog's mouth , charge her with cruelty 
woman who taped dog's mouth charged with cruelty👍🏽 
police track down nc woman who taped dog's mouth shut , posted it to facebook 
so glad that this was taken seriously and she's been arrested . interesting that she was posting on facebook under ... 
cops track down who taped dog's mouth , charge her with 
so many people ... 

nbc : clinton disses the iowa caucuses ? - 
did hillary clinton diss the iowa caucuses ? 
she believes herself to be erudite , quit laughing , she really does . thus honest people are chumps . simple . 
did clinton diss the caucuses ? via 
released hillary emails show she disses the caucus states . 
nbc : did clinton diss the iowa caucuses ? 
hillary diss the iowa caucuses via 
rt hillary clinton pulls a howard dean -- and disses the caucuses ? 
62 days till iowa - rough one for great for 
iowa caucus plays to party " extremes , " says clinton in email . long live the progressive wing . otherwise , status quo . 
did diss the caucuses ? ' creatures of extremes ' ... 
don't reward this liar and hack with a chance to take our country further into the toilet . clinton's are liars . 
the only thing " extreme " about us , - is the desire to rid ourselves of you partisan 
diss the iowa caucuses ? creatures of extremes ' ... 

ohio man pleads not guilty to kidnapping son in 2002 
the boy's father , bobby hernandez , pleaded not guilty to kidnapping , forgery and other charges tuesday in ... 

obama in paris would urge young jihadis to choose a ' good life ' via 
obama in paris says he would urge young jihadis to choose a ' good life ' . 
president obama\'s message to a young jihadi 
choose wisely ? jihadi has already made decision obama in paris : would urge young jihadis to choose a ' good life ' 
president obama’s message to a young jihadi 
“ the essence of a good life is not what you can destroy but what you can build , it’s not who you can harm , but ... 

reminder : 4 years ago this month gingrich led romney by 17 in a national poll : 
insurgents remain on top in gop race 
insurgents remain on top in gop race : first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the ... 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day's… 
2 months out from - flashback : gingrich led romney by 17 points this time in 2011 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day's most important ... 
two months is a long time in american politics , but we're still waiting on the gop establishment to make its move 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day’s most important ... 
reality check on gop race with two months to go until iowa : the insurgents are still on top -- via 

just one more reason to get rid of for-profit medical supplies , hospitals and pharmaceutical companies . they ... 
senate report says company put profits before patients 
senate says charging $ 1,000 a pill was just plain greedy 
senate report : maker of $ 1,000 -a-pill drug was looking for profits - 
this is sick . really sick . how does this happen . 
company put profit over patients in pricing $ 1,000 hepatitis pills : senate report 
this man is a special kind of evil and needs to be dealt with . 
a senate report says drug maker gilead was looking to its bottom line when it priced a new … 
a senate report says drug maker gilead was looking to its bottom line when it priced a new hepatitis c drug at ... 
msnbc a senate report says drug maker gilead was looking to its bottom line when it priced a ... 
senate report says gilead was just plain greedy in pricing $ 84,000 drug 
sadly , probably isn't an isolated case senate says charging $1k/pill was just plain greedy 
gilead says its drug is a bargain because it cures hepatitis . this senate report says otherwise 

men more likely to take paternity leave for a son 
men more likely to take for a son , research shows 
men more likely to take paternity leave for a son : new research on california's paternity leave law ... 
men more likely to take when it's a bouncing baby boy , research finds 
new research on california's paternity leave law suggests men are more likely to take time off when they're ... 
msnbc new research on california's paternity leave law suggests men are more likely to take t ... 
well this is a little depressing . men more likely to take paternity leave for a first-born son , suggests this poll : 

jeb bush focuses on everything but iowa two months before caucus 
bush puts focus on n.h. , even in iowa 
jeb bush kept his campaign squarely focused on hillary clinton and the state of new hampshire while stumping in iowa . 

cyber monday could be largest online sales day in history 
this year's " cyber monday " is set to be the biggest online shopping day in history , adobe predicts 
cyber monday could be largest online sales day ever 
adobe : 2015 cyber monday could be largest in history ! 
cyber monday could turn out to be largest online day in 
spider monday could turn out to be largest online sales day in history : adobe 
cyber monday could turn out to be largest online sales day in history 
msnbc this year's " cyber monday " sale event is set to be the biggest online shopping day in h ... 

you tell which brains are male ? neither can these scientists 
defo true headline , male/female must be different but scientists are too dumb to show it 
researchers can't distinguish between mris of male/ female brains , but that does not mean m/f brains are the same 
can you tell which brains are male ? neither could scientists 
it looks like we're all from somewhere halfway between venus and mars . where might that be ? hmmmm 
neuromarketing hits another snag . scientists can't even differentiate a female brain from a male brain . 
can you tell which are male ? neither can these 
an interesting bit of research on gender and sex 
can you tell which brain is a man's ? neither can these scientists 

* another obama & clinton puppet * rob malley , obamas new isis czar is a trusted ' but controversial pick 
rob malley , obama's new isis czar , is a ' trusted ' but controversial pick . 
' trusted ' but controversial : who is 
at least he's " generous and warm " . that oughta help in fight against isis . 
nbcnews . comrob malley , obama's new isis czar , is a ' trusted ' but controversial picknbcnews . compre ... 
while rob malley has decades of experience in national security , he's a lightning rod who … 
while rob malley has decades of experience in national security , he's a lightning rod who has had his share of ... 
just read about his " success : " nukes for iran , clinton era mideast , hamas , etc . no wonder he's ' trusted ' by obama 

coke-funded obesity group disbands 
goodby and good riddance to coke-funded obesity group ; but univ of south carolina keeps the dough : via 
coke " retires " chief health and science officer amid obesity group flack . 
coca-cola forced to withdraw funding of ' anti-obesity ' non-profit it's chief scientist and health officer founded t … 
msnbc a nonprofit funded by the coca-cola co . to combat obesity is disbanding following revel ... 
a nonprofit funded by the coca-cola co . to combat obesity is disbanding following revelations about the beverage ... 
a group that funded to dominate public discourse on is shutting down 
coca-cola defunds " obesity group " because we were never supposed to know they were skewing reports . 
non-profit health group with controversial links to coca-cola decided to disband . 

pixar's 1st human protagonist of color made his big-screen debut thanksgiving week - 
' sanjay's super team ' features pixar's first human protagonist of color 
sanjay's super team !!! you got this big kid at heart ! :) 
" sanjay's super team " is a seven-minute short film inspired by patel's experiences growing up as the child of ... 
aunty says , " good job , pixar , but next time , feature-length please . " :) 
" sanjay's super team " is a seven-minute short film inspired by director sanjay patel's experiences growing up as ... 

illinois ag asks for feds to investigate chicago police 
state attorney general lisa madigan said the police killing of 17-year-old laquan mcdonald … 
no surprise here at all . good cops in . bad cops out ... again ! ... and bad policies , practices , and oversight . 
illinois attorney general asks for doj to investigate chicago police 
illinois ag asks to investigate 
state attorney general lisa madigan said the police killing of 17-year-old laquan mcdonald highlights questions ... 

time for to drop out 
christie : parties in n.j. on 9/11 ' didn't happen ' 
christie : parties in nj on 9/11 ' didn't happen ' 
gov . chris christie rebuked a claim by donald trump that “ thousands ” of muslims held “ tailgate parties ” in ... 
gov . christie says trump's claim of 9/11 muslim parties never happened in new jersey . 
new jersey governor chris christie rebuked a claim by donald trump that " thousands " of … 
new jersey governor chris christie rebuked a claim by donald trump that " thousands " of muslims held " tailgate ... 
christie : parties in nj on 9/11 ‘ didn’t happen ’ 
new jersey governor chris christie rebuked a claim by donald trump that “ thousands ” of muslims held “ tailgate ... 

hey don't do it . tell him we don't negotiate with terrorists who hold anyone , even news organizations ,... 
presidential candidate says has to pay him $5m to show up to the debate 
narcissistic egomaniac demands $5 million from cnn to participate in debate claiming he wants to donate it to ... 
proposes $5 million ransom for cnn debate . 
what a time to be alive . 
if you want to donate this money to vets , do it w/the huge fortune you brag about . we won't miss you at the debate . 
will pay 5 million for the next debate ? 
rt proposes $5 million ransom4 cnn debate via trump said hillary " should've been indicted " over … 
proposes $5 million ransom4 cnn debate via trump said hillary " should've been indicted " over email scandal . 
via obama = , history would remember him as a " horrible president " who " didn't know what the hell he was doing 
trump proposes $5 million ransom for showing up at cnn debate - 
he is a bully and now adding blackmail to the list please don't show up !!! good excuse though !!! can't make this ... 
. proposes $5 million ransom for cnn debate right , because you're that fuckin awesome ?? 😒 
rt my words from macon , ga : 
wants paid to be in a presidential debate . that's showbiz ! 
arrogant jackass : " there's only one way to get to the top and it's all through trump , let's face it . " ─► 
trump wants cnn to pay him five million dollars for the wounded warriors or vets for the upcoming debate . 
proposes $5 million ransom for debate via do not pay !! 
more anti trump anti american nbc lies dangerous attacks on a presidential candidate ! via 
trump cnn should give $5 million to our vets for his debate appearance in return cnn high rating via 
the donald does it again ..... 
so who really believes donald trump can become the next president ? via 
don't pay him . he needs them more than they need him . let him sit this one out then see what happens . it's all bluff 
trump proposes $5million ransom for showing up at cnn december debate : 
. is no fascist ! he's apollo creed ! /$5 mil for debate via ) 
trump wants cnn to pay him $5 million ( which he'll donate ) to show up at next debate 
trump wants $5 million to attend dec . 15 
this is a man who'd do his daughter if he wasn't her father . please , don't let him ru(i)n your country . 
trump proposes million ransom for cnn debate 
.. talks about maybe , possibly charging $5million dollars to appear in the next debate ! 
how great will it be to have a president with business sensibilities ? so many messes to clean up !... 
donald trump says he isn't joking anymore ; demands $5m from cnn to appear at next debate ( via 
donald trump says he's not joking anymore .... 
hey i hope your decision-makers have the stones to just let him skip your debate . 

prosecutors release cops ' statements in killing of 
what cops in the tamir rice killing told investigators 
prosecutors release officers ' statements in killing of 12-year-old tamir rice - 
cops ' statements in killing of 12-year-old released ( msnbc ) ( 1703 gmt ) 
i bet u he aint reach for it ! 
' i saw the weapon in his hands coming out of his waistband and the threat to my partner and myself was real and ... 
rt prosecutors release cops ' statements in killing of tamir rice : 
the killer cop timothy loehman claims he saw a weapon in tamir rice's hands which is not seen in the video of the ... 
cops ' statements in killing of 12-year-old released : ' i saw the weapon in his hands coming out of his waistban ... 

yikes . flight attendant gets nutty and attacks her coworkers . i couldn't imagine that at 30k feet . by 
flight attendant attacks crew mates and air marshalls . by 
american airlines attendant accused of attacking crewmates , marshals 
accused of attacking crewmates , nbc news 
in case you needed another reason as to why you lost my business : 
female american airlines attendant attacks crewmates & marshals 
is this fair ? time to come clean and admit it's all about greed 
flight attendant accused of attack on marshals 
american attendant accused of attack on marshals 
msnbc an american airlines flight attendant attacked fellow crew members and u.s. marshals du ... 
flight attendant accused of attacking co-workers , marshals on overseas flight : 
american airlines flight attendant accused of attacking crewmates , marshals on flight from charlotte to germany 

college students best advice to high school seniors via 

adele smashing records sales- sorry via 
adele smashing records sales is anomaly in the digital age : 
adele smashing records sales is anomaly in digital age 
the 27-year-old british songstress soared to the top of the u.s. charts with 3.38 million in … 
the 27-year-old british songstress soared to the top of the u.s. charts with 3.38 million in sales of her new ... 

mark zuckerberg announces birth of daughter max ; vows to give away 99% of facebook shares 
it's a girl ! mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan name first child max : 
well , i think my name just peaked . 
mark zuckerberg announces birth of baby ; pledges to give away 99% of his facebook stock over time 
rt mark zuckerberg announces birth of daughter ; pledges to give away 99% of facebook shares . https … 

rt oscar-winning filmmaker captures vanishing world in via 
rt ' racingextinction exploresgloballoss ofwildlife via canufaceall thatisbeingfished/hunted/poac … 
' racing extinction ' : documentary explores global loss of wildlife - 
rt ' racing extinction ' : documentary explores global loss of 
' racing extinction ' explores the global loss of wildlife . 
well said --> " we have nature deficit disorder . " - director on nbc nightly news 
rt was an honor to work on this with the legendary jake whitman doc is a must see … 
did you see anna's photo in monday's report ? here's a link 
explores global loss of wildlife ; premieres wed at 9/8c . via 
new documentary explores global loss of wildlife & hope for the future . airs dec . 2 » 
. documentary explores global loss of wildlife by oscar winning filmmaker 
racing extinction - tomorrow ! 
film explores potential for earth\'s 6th \'mass extinction\' 
rt extinction explores the global loss of wildlife . 
hugely important documentary airing here in the usa wednesday nt on discovery : " racing extinction " i hope ... 

villagers to refugees : please don't fear ' christmas devils ' - 
" welcome to central europe ! you're just in time for eggnog and devil-worship " 
news : villagers to refugees : please don't fear ' christmas devils ' 
oh look , using refugees to cross promote upcoming movie . stay classy . 
humans being humans for humans . one awful bumpersticker blurb and you're blocked .... 
villagers to refugees : please don't fear via 
nice to see that welcomes to europe . 
a sweet story about community & thanks krampus ! 
krampus is fun for everyone ! 
" she said the next event planned for the families who fled war-torn homelands will be traditional cookie baking . " 
aside from the implications for refugees this tradition sounds terrifying . via 
austrian villagers urge refugees to not fear krampus via 
villagers to refugees : please don't fear krampus lol ! via nbcnews 
communication builds understanding ! read- villagers 2 refugees : please don't fear ' christmas devils ' via 
rt refugees learn about scary traditions in austria … 
similar to the story shared a few days ago . 
note to self - must visit virgen . 
i wonder if the xian fundies in the us would be as amenable to ' christmas devils ' via 
rare specimen ; a lovely story from the front lines of introducing migrant kids to 
man , after seeing this stuff , i'll lay off the criticism a little bit . that's some freakiness . 
most hilarious story of the day : ‘ austrian villagers to syrian refugees : please don’t fear christmas devils ’ 
" don't worry , they're not real demons . just anonymous packs of drunk young men frustrated with rural life . 
this is a lovely example of how to welcome cultural newcomers . reading this did my heart good :) 
villagers to please don't fear ' christmas devils ' via 
heh : villagers to refugees - please don't fear krampus =p 
the integration of syrian and iraqi refugees in rural austria is facing a terrifying … 
austrian villagers to syrian refugees : please don't fear krampus oh no ! 
update : villagers to refugees : please don’t fear ‘ christmas devils ’ 
refugee children who fled violence in syria now get to enjoy christmas demons in austria 
the integration of syrian and iraqi refugees in rural austria is facing a terrifying challenge this holiday ... 

courting conservatives , rubio clarifies stances on social issues 
answer rubio should have given : " on principle , i will not take pro-big gay donor paul singer's cash : " 
and the constitution ? no state religion ? courting conservatives , rubio clarifies stance via 
courting clarifies stances on social issues 
recent comments add additional layers to his already nuanced stances on abortion and same-sex marriage . 

hero guard who stopped bomber glad he listened to daughter via 
rt this man stopped a suicide bomber from getting inside the paris stadium . twice . oh btw he's muslim and an immigrant . https :/ … 
hero guard who stopped paris bomber glad he listened to daughter : 
one paris terrorist , a french national , was barred from entering stadium by a security guard , a muslim immigrant . 
an immigrant from mauritius on his first day at the stade de france gates . 
this man stopped a suicide bomber from getting into the stadium . twice . btw he's a muslim , and oh , an immigrant . 
thanks to salim for stopping bilal from entering the stadium .. i can't stop thinking what if he really had a ticket !! 
the hero who saved the paris stadium . 

32-year-old hiker dies after falling into crevasse in oregon's cascade mountains 
oregon mountain climber , thomas fountain , dies after falling into crevasse 
oregon mountain climber dies after falling into crevasse - 
oregon hiker dies after falling into crevasse 
a 32-year-old hiker died after falling into a crevasse in oregon's cascade mountains over … 
a 32-year-old hiker died after falling into a crevasse in oregon's cascade mountains over the weekend ,... 

bill gates , mark zuckerberg and several other of the world's wealthiest tech and business titan .. 
gates , zuckerberg and other tech titans team up to push clean energy : 
tech billionaires team up to push clean energy 
tech titans team up to fight climate change , advance clean-energy technologies 
bill gates , mark zuckerberg and several other of the world's wealthiest tech and business … 

know it all : tuesday's top 7 stories at nbc news - 
from presidential contenders to big holiday spenders , see the stories we're following today .... 

state department releases largest batch yet of clinton emails 
for whom was chelsea clinton writing this email ? 
state department releases largest batch yet of emails - nbc news 
who clinton called grinch and more from latest email dump 
state dept releases clinton emails proving she was aware the libya attacks were an organized militia via 
the state department on monday released 7,800 more pages of hillary clinton's emails from … 
new idea ... i'm going to take snippets from articles and then edit them to reflect the truth . in this first ... 
the state department on monday released 7,800 more pages of hillary clinton's emails from her time as secretary ... 
the state department on monday released 7,800 more pages of hillary clinton’s emails from her time as secretary ... 

greg fisk , new mayor of juneau , alaska , found dead in home 
juneau , alaska's mayor found dead . 
an investigation is underway for the death of the responded to a 911 call ... 
alaskan mayor found dead in home 
rumors swirl as alaskan mayor found dead in home via 
rumors swirl as alaskan mayor of juneau found dead in home 
retweeted pitt griffin ( rumors swirl as alaskan mayor of juneau found dead in home ... 
who killed juneau mayor greg fisk ? via 
alaskan mayor ( and fmr fisheries specialist for the state's commerce department ) found dead in his home 
new mayor of juneau , alaska found dead in his home 
juneau police wouldn't comment on the cause of death and said they hadn't yet determined whethe .. 
newly elected juneau , alaska mayor found dead ...... 
rumors swirl as alaskan mayor , greg fisk , found dead in home via 
juneau , alaska , mayor greg fisk found dead in home 
rumors swirl as new mayor of juneau , alaska , found dead in home via 
web dsign 
seo website builder greg fisk , ne ... 

u.s. confirms that downed russian plane entered turkish airspace 
to russia ; 
as mark toner says " so what " if u.s. confirms russian plane entered turkish airspace ? 
downed plane entered airspace : 
downed russian plane entered turkish airspace : u.s. 
u.s. confirms that downed russian plane entered turkish airspace : the united states has independently confirme ... 
russia is ( in ) a sorry state . via nbcnews 
us confirms that downed russian plane entered turkish airspace - 
thats not true and ur not objective . turkishairforces warned 10 times but they didnt leave our airspace 
but the state department won't say how it determined the russian craft's flight path .... 
but the state department won’t say how it determined the russian craft’s flight path . be sociable , share !... 

clinton basks in glow of women senators — with one absence 
women senators back clinton — with one notable absence 
clinton basks in glow of women senators w/ one absence : 
speaks volumes on warren's warped worldview and the deepening divide in dem party ( 2/2 ) 
women senators back clinton with one notable absence 
there were 13 chairs lined up on stage behind hillary clinton's podium here monday night , one for each democratic ... 
clinton ( mostly ) basks in glow of women senators 
dtn usa : clinton ( mostly ) basks in glow of women senators : there were 13 chairs lined up on stage behind hilla ... 
msnbc : clinton ( mostly ) basks in glow of women senators 
scouting clinton ( mostly ) basks in glow of women senators thoughts ? 
web dsign clinton basks in glow of wom ... 
there were 13 chairs lined up on stage behind hillary clinton’s podium here monday night , one for each democratic ... 

south dakota ghost town on sale for $ 250,000 
trying to find that perfect gift for the person that has everything this holiday season ? how about an entire town ! 
south dakota ghost town on sale for $ 250,000 via 
a few of us could go in together ... :) 
south dakota ghost town on sale for $250000 - 
" everything must go : south dakota ghost town on sale for $ 250,000 " 
here's what i need , now to find the money . 
south dakota ghost town on sale for 50,000 
everything must go : south dakota ghost town on sale for $250k 
kinda want to sell my house and buy a town : 
the roughly 6-acre town of swett , includes a tavern , three-bedroom house and a former tire … 
" the tiny prairie domain also comes w/a new town sign ... to replace the previous 1 that was riddled w/bullet holes . " 
great deal , whole town for sale at 250k 

but i would like to introduce you to our most recent terror attack we had in america . 
robert dear could face death in planned parenthood killings 
planned parenthood shooting 
robert dear could face death in planned parenthood killings via 
planned parenthood shooter could face the death penalty i.e. being aborted off the face of the earth 
good . execute him . will anti-death penalty lefties be ok with that ? robert dear could face death 
" planned parenthood killings " robert dear could face death in planned parenthood killings 
judge informs alleged gunman in planned parenthood attack that he could face death penalty . 
that cold hearted son of a bitch needs the torchure sentence , and sooner than later . 
i'm against the death penalty . i think rotting in jail for the rest of his miserable life is more fitting . 
face of terrorism ! planned parenthood terrorist told he could face death penalty 
judge informs alleged gunman in attack that he could face death penalty . 
robert dear appears in court , could face death in planned parenthood killings 
rt robert dear could face death in planned parenthood killings … 
this guy❗ 
planned parenthood shooter is charged with first degree murder in court today wearing a protective vest . 
the man accused of killing three people at a colorado planned parenthood clinic made his … 

" this is not a day care . it's a university ! " 
frustrated oklahoma wesleyan university president : ' this is not a daycare ' : 
" this is not a daycare " prez " ( we've ) taught our kids to be this self-absorbed and narcissistic . " 
i'm so over people taking political correctness to a ridiculous level . people need to put on their big girl ... 
frustrated college president : ' this is not a daycare ' 
who else supports this person ? pay your dues ... young ones ! the one thing we must all do ! 
student complains to university because a sermon from 1 cor 13 about love made him feel bad . 
good for him 
you can't preach pc while also supporting exclusion of class discussion bc the subject is " uncomfortable " . 
frustrated oklahoma wesleyan university president : ‘ this is not a daycare ’ via 
the new generation of opting out ) university president : ' this is not a daycare ' via 
" a liberal arts academy is about learning . it's not supposed to be a place to suppress controversial ideas , " - ... 
good for oklahoma wesleyan pres everett piper . academia has become too fearful of upsetting sensibilities . 
. there is hope . 
let me know when it comes from a real leader . wesleyan university president : ' this is not a daycare ' 
thank you , president piper . 
preach 🙌 
i really appreciate the honesty , well said ! my guess is this offended quite a few people though :/ 
the world of academia needs more people like piper ! via nbcnews 
frustrated prez says " this is not a daycare " 
wesleyan university president : ' this is not a daycare ' via 
oklahoma wesleyan university ( private christian ): ' this is not a daycare ' story sounds like made up load of shit . 
mike , just in case you haven't already seen this . you'll love it ! 
this is great please take a moment and read : 
well said president and dr. everett piper 
" that feelng of discomfort after listening 2 a sermon is called a conscience " & all god's people said ? 
please have piper on your show . 
" love is patient , love is kind . it does not envy , it does not boast , it is not proud " now constitutes hate speech . 
about time someone said it ... stop always trying to be a victim and learn to welcome discussion . 

officer freed on bail ! just in case you missed this ! 
officer charged with murder for laquan mcdonald posts bond & leaves jail via 
officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death posts bond , leaves jail | nbc chicago via 
officer charged with murder in death posts bond , leaves jail | nbc chicago via 
bail set at $1.5 m for cop in laquan mcdonald death 
bail set at . 5m for cop in laquan mcdonald death 
cop in laquan mcdonald death to be freed on bail - 
officer charged in laquan mcdonald's death returns to court 
cop charged with killing laquan mcdonald has posted bail and is expected to be released . 
had someone on video shot a cop 16 times i don't think he'd be out on bail . via nbcchicago 
what is the use of having video evidence in this case when the law allows you because of technicality , a crimanal ... 
officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death posts bond | nbc chicago via 
officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death posts bond , leaves jail via 
officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death posts bond | nbc chicago too ! 
officer charged with murder in death posts bond | nbc chicago via 
" officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death posts bond " vía 
$1.5 m bail for officer charged in laquan mcdonald's death 
lots of news today in the case -> prayer rally tonight , plus bond set for charged officer . details : 
lmfao ... i told mother fuckers he was getting bail ... lol . they are letting you know they can do whatever they ... 
bail set at $1.5 m for officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death | nbc chicago via 
bail is set at $1.5 million for chicago police officer charged with murder in the shooting death of 
the hearing for van dyke comes after days of protests in chicago over the killing of 17-year … 
bail set at $1.5 m for officer charged with murder in ' s death 
the hearing for van dyke comes after days of protests in chicago over the killing of 17-year-old laquan mcdonald .... 
officer charged with murder in laquan mcdonald's death returns to court - nbc chicago : nbc chicago officer charged … 
officer charged in laquan mcdonald's death due in court 

out-of-stocks , overstocks and returns are costing $1.75 trillion a year ! via 
face growing out-of-stock , overstock , return costs 
need i say more ? 
retailers face a loss of profit due to digital sales and in-store out-of-stock merchandise via 
the costs of poor inventory management is increasing for retailers - contact us to learn how icontrol can help ! 
logistics are growing challenge for retailers 
msnbc out-of-stocks , overstocks and returns are costing retailers $1.75 trillion a year as th ... 
msnbc : logistics are growing challenge for retailers 

minnesota couple drops $ 500,000 check into salvation army kettle 
couple leaves record $ 500,000 check in salvation army kettle . 
rt minnesota couple drops $ 500,000 check into salvation army kettle via nbcnews 
" it is more blessed to give than receive . " acts 20:35 couple drops $ 500,000 in salvation army kettle . 
rt couple drops $500k check into salvation army kettle : 
ring that bell !! couple leaves record $ 500,000 check in salvation army kettle . 
what a fine example of giving back ! couple drop $ 500,000 check into salvation army kettle 
surprise ! mn couple drops $ 500,000 into salvation army kettle outside grocery store 
a couple drops a $ 500,000 check into a salvation army kettle ... find out why !... 
' tis the season for thanks and giving via nbcnews 

gators brawl on golf course - nbc news 
gators brawl on golf course ( msnbc ) ( 1621 gmt ) 
gators brawl on golf course : an epic battle between one 12-foot-gator nicknamed ' goliath ' and a smaller but eq ... 
gators brawl on golf course : an epic battle between one 16-foot-gator nicknamed ' goliath ' and a smaller but eq ... 

video shows panthers fan choked by security guard at cowboys game - 
video shows panthers fan choked by security at cowboys game ( msnbc ) ( 1636 gmt ) 
video shows panthers fan choked by security at cowboys game : the dramatic video shows other fans intervening a ... 

have a laugh😂 
this photo of pope francis has gone viral : 
having some fun w/ 
pope francis \'battle rap\' meme catches fire 
pope francis rap battle/////// 
" pope francis ' battle rap ' meme trends on twitter - " 
twitter gold 
is the best ht 
my people , my people , my people ....... 󾌴󾌴󾌴󾌴 " come with me , hail mary run quick see , what do we have here now , do ... 
francis leave your email to our pre-launch promo freestyle . battle . judge 
from nbc news - ' battle rap ' meme trends on twitter : the twitter hashtag went ... 
this is surely my favorite news story of the day . 
pope francis ‘ battle rap ’ meme catches fire 
went viral monday after one twitter user tweeted out a photo of the pope in prime rapper stance – mic ... 
mom i made it 

vtech hack exposes 6.4 million children's profiles - 
toymaker hack exposes 6.4 million children's profiles 
christmas is just around the corner and we are all busy buying presents for the kids . the recent data breach at vtec … 
more than 6 million vtech profiles hacked exposing names , birthdates , and addresses . 
security cannot be an afterthought for the internet of things !! or this will happen - 
it's so important as more and more consumer products are focused on becoming " smart / connected " that they also ... 
the joys of being connected all the time 
electronic toymaker vtech agreed to work with hong kong regulators after hackers gained … 
looks like the number is growing see : 
vtech hack exposes 6.4 million children’s profiles 
electronic toymaker vtech agreed to work with hong kong regulators after hackers gained access to data from ... 

best apps to help you save this holiday season 
- shop smart : the best apps to help you save this - via 
best apps to help you save this holiday season : the proliferation of price-comparison apps makes you ... 
best apps to help you save this holiday season via 
msnbc : best apps to help you save this holiday season 
msnbc the proliferation of price-comparison apps makes your smartphone your best shopping all ... 

mayor announces task force on police accountability | nbc chicago via 
mayor announces task force on police accountability - mayor announces task force on police accountability 
chicago mayor to launch police task force amid backlash 
after police shot 200+ people , with only 2 " unjustified , " rahm creates taskforce on police accountability . 
mayor announces task force on police accountability - nbc chicago ( blog ) 
mayor to announce task force on police accountability 
that officer was wrong and deserves to be punished . the mayor of chicago needs to resign . his lack of leadership . 
is this the beginning of real change for the or just a pr move ? 
too late step down 
ask force ! can we have the video$ ? please ! ok ! what's the magic word ? 
rt . flag on the play delay of game no need 4 another task force … 
. flag on the play delay of game no need 4 another task force via 
task force proposes is worthless without releasing all tapes of police shootings . 
the announcement comes as city leaders — including rahm emanuel — face mounting criticism … 
the announcement comes as city leaders — including rahm emanuel — face mounting criticism over the handling of ... 
so ummmmm ..... what exact is the city of chicago independent police review authority ??????? an allegation that a ... 
but will it change anything ? via ward_room 

scientists create touchable - 
create touchable holograms ; 
wow , its amazing where this is going , it's straight out of a sci fi movie 
a group of japanese scientists have created touchable hologram ... 
wuuuutttt . create touchable - 
ok . this is a truly amazing way of bringing the holocaust alive for future generations . touchable holograms 
japanese created touchable amazing ! 
i know this is not pc to say -- but i always knew it would be the japanese who would broker this . thanks team !... 
oh ! jean-luc ! the holodeck is coming . 
3d images if you can touch it , then you can make something where you'll think that there actually is something there 
forever ... 

watch live : obama holds news conference in paris - nbc news 

u.s. marine jailed for killing transgender sex worker 
wow you can kill a hooker and get 6 - 12 years and sell a little crack or weed and end up in prison for life .... 
well this is horrific 
u.s. for killing sex worker 
deception got him . u.s. marine kills drag queen sex worker in hotel room via 
u.s. marine , lance cpl . joseph scott pemberton jailed for killing transgender sex worker , jennifer laude in hotel 
a u.s. marine was convicted tuesday of killing a filipino last year in a hotel after … 
a u.s. marine was convicted tuesday of killing a filipino last year in a hotel after discovering she was a ... 
us marine jailed for killing transgender woman in philippines - 

gene editing : hope for new cures or scary science ? 
experts are meeting in washington to debate the science and ethics of gene-editing .... 
gene editing : a rundown of recent advances and ethical hurdles : via 

rt tonight , mother & father continue their agonizing search for their son . 
mystery surrounds disappearance of producer 
rt mystery surrounds disappearance of producer 
-- please retweet . eric kohler is a standup guy & has been since day 1 in this business . 
i am really sad to be posting this , but my colleague megan's husband is friends with the missing man . on the off ... 
please cover this story and help us find our vfx friend 
producer who worked on ' x-men , ' ' avengers ' vanishes 
please keep your eyes out for him , his poor mom on this news report . : i mystery surrounds disappearance of ... 
please share and help find him ! 
this was shared in a facebook group i am a part of , i don't know this man but i'm hoping maybe sharing it will ... 
where is missing movie producer eric kohler , last seen on november 24th ? 
la facebook friends , please be aware and report if you know anything about eric's disappearance . his family is ... 
rt here is the link to the story about eric : 
thoughts go out to the family of eric kholer - 
rt gadinbcla : tonight , mother & father continue their agonizing search for their son . 

planned parenthood shooting suspect robert dear targeted agency before 
planned parenthood suspect targeted agency before : ex-wife 
planned parenthood shooter targeted agency before by gluing locks of another pp clinic . from 
robert dear , charged with killing three people at a planned parenthood clinic in colorado … 
why i believe in the - exhibit # 29,876 : robert lewis dear hurry up please 
robert dear , charged with killing three people at a planned parenthood clinic in colorado springs , has targeted ... 
colorado springs suspect robert dear has targeted planned parenthood before , ex-wife says . 

at climate talks , obama tries distinguishing paris from copenhagen - 
at talks , obama tries to distinguish paris from copenhagen- ' biggest enemy- cynicism ' via 
climate talks : distinguishing paris from copenhagen 
+please watch+ at climate talks , obama tries to distinguish paris from copenhagen via 
as climate change talks got underway in paris monday , the white house seemed determined to distinguish this ... 

iowa politician suggests death for some immigrant felons 
iowa state sen. mark chelgren : certain felons should be executed : 
iowa state sen. mark chelgren suggests death pentalty for some immigrant felons via 
an iowa state senator running for u.s. congress is getting blasted by both his republican party and democrats ... 
iowa state sen. mark chelgren suggests death penalty for some immigrant felons 

why do we have a visa waiver program to begin with ? why did obama & congress wait until now ? -[l ] not on this ... 
white house strengthens visa waiver program following paris attacks - 
white house strengthens visa waiver program after attacks 
" screening travelers from 38 nations not required to get visas before traveling to the united states " 
white house strengthens visa waiver program after paris attacks 
the white house on monday announced changes to a u.s. visa waiver program aimed at more … 
web dsign white house strengthens visa ... 
★ buy twt followers ★ } white house strengthens visa waiver program following ... { ☀☀☀ 
the white house on monday announced changes to a u.s. visa waiver program aimed at more tightly screening ... 

he fired his top cop . is chicago mayor rahm emanuel next ? 
he fired garry mccarthy , his top cop . is chicago mayor rahm emanuel next ? - nbc news 
he fired his top cop . is chicago's rahm emanuel next ? 
he fired his top cop . is chicago mayor sorry stinking ass next ? via 
please dethrone king rahm israel emanuel of chicago illinois asap 
should have fired himself .. this is nothing but a cover up and giving into the blm extortion group 
rt is rahm 
chicago : after firing his top cop , flunky needs to step down ~ 
rt rahm may be the only person in politics more corrupt , dishonest and hateful then hillary and obama . … 
shouldn't rahm emanuel have resigned ? he fired his top cop instead . via 
is rahm next ? 
rahm may be the only person in politics more corrupt , dishonest and hateful then hillary and obama . via 

cop helps stranded driver , is ' viciously ' attacked 
colorado cop helps stranded driver , is ' viciously ' attacked via 
rt colorado cop helps stranded driver , is ' viciously ' attacked via nbcnews 
how insane is this . 
colorado cop who stopped to help a stranded driver attacked , motorist then stole his patrol car 
cop helps stranded driver , driver slices cops head , then steals patrol car , leads chase & shot dead 
remember former nick metz ? he's looking more relaxed in aurora , co 
colorado cop helps stranded driver , ' viciously ' attacked via - we thank u mr prez 4 ur help n starting this 
colorado cop helps stranded driver , then gets attacked 
colorado cop hospitalized after his head is sliced open by motorist who appeared to be stranded 
i know i'm being insensitive to police here , but did we used to shoot crazy people for non-compliance ? serious q .. 
continue reading 
after a colorado police officer stopped to assist what appeared to be a stranded driver … 
after a colorado police officer stopped to assist what appeared to be a stranded driver early monday , the ... 
colorado cop helps stranded driver , is attacked ( msnbc ) ( 2307 gmt ) 
welp , that's it for me and news today . gotta check out , hug my fur buds & hope enough police care for my safety . 

these are spotify's most-streamed artists of 2015 
these are spotify’s most-streamed artists of 2015 
you used to stream him on your cellphone , now drake gets your love as the most popular artist of the year on ... 
drake is spotify's most-streamed artist of 2015 

foul play not ruled out in death of juneau mayor 
foul play not ruled out in death of juneau , alaska , mayor greg fisk - 
foul play not ruled out in death of juneau mayor - police wouldn't rule out foul play after they discovered und ... 
police wouldn't rule out foul play after they discovered undisclosed injuries on the body of … 
foul play not ruled out after police find injuries on mayor greg fisk's body . 
police wouldn't rule out foul play after they discovered undisclosed injuries on the body of juneau , alaska ,... 

' mad max ' is surprise best film choice of board of review 
yes , this was one of the greatest movie experiences i've ever had ! now , give it an oscar nom !! 
' mad max : fury road ' is surprise best film choice of national board of review - 
the movie was named the best film of 2015 by the national board of review , a new york based … 
the movie was named the best film of 2015 by the national board of review , a new york based-body whose list ... 

2,000 raids carried out , 210 arrested since paris attacks : france pm via 
paris attacks : 2,000 raids , 210 arrests since state of emergency 
2,000 raids , 210 arrested since paris attacks : france pm 
attacks : 2000 raids , 210 arrests since state of emergency - : 
more than 2,000 raids have been carried out in france since the country declared a state of … 
more than 2,000 raids have been carried out in france since the country declared a state of emergency 18 days ... 

cfres , where are you donating this comment or retweet with a link to an org you care about 
providing charities with helping hands , needed funds - 
in the spirit of a wonderful story shares ones boys generosity during the season of 
no . let's do this . » providing charities w/ helping hands , needed funds 
today is 
today is giving tuesday ! are you volunteering or donating for a good cause ? find out how others are contributing ... 
are you giving back on find out how others are contributing to charities today : 
support your cause is today . 
one of our childcare workers reflects on the spirit of giving . 
make a difference ! so many wonderful ways to help others ! 
providing charities with helping hands & needed funds via - 
sonoma county nonprofits rally around giving tuesday - santa rosa press democrat ❤❤❤ 😱😿 
👨 western massachusetts charities gear up for - masslive 👨 ❤ ❤ 😚 
😊 is here - tallahassee 😎😊 
what's great about is you can be supportive and generous in any way you see fit . give your time ,... 
so what is 
how to safely navigate giving tuesday - wtsp 10 news 😚 ❤❤❤❤❤ ❤❤❤❤❤ 😛 
👵 western massachusetts charities gear up for - masslive ❤ 😬👵 
👽 after a long weekend of spending , giving tuesday takes spotlight - pittsburgh post-gazette 👽 😸 
👸 after a long weekend of spending , giving tuesday takes spotlight - pittsburgh post-gazette 👸 👵 
😮 love it or hate it , has become ' a thing ' - npr ❤❤❤ ❤❤❤ 💀😮 
great article about check out to learn about local nonprofits to support ! 
love it or hate it , has become ' a thing ' - npr 😣😝 
giving tuesday lends charities a helping hand 
😹 sonoma county nonprofits rally around giving tuesday - santa rosa press democrat 😘😹 
how will you support 
-- this fairly new social media trend is catching steam pretty quickly . are you donating or ... 
- volunteer or donate for a charity of choice . to support the cause ! 
my latest for on 
it's giving tuesday . who's your charity partner ? we support wespark cancer support center and the tremendous work ... 
encourages charitable spending amid holiday shopping - helena independent record 😈😿 
lets go !! 
rt take a cue from a 12-year-old and give back on 

group alleges google tracks students ' web activity 
. accuses of tracking students ' web activity without permission 
eff accuses google of tracking students ' web activity without permission - nbc news 
google is being accused of invading the privacy of students using laptop computers powered by the company's chrome operating system . 

mark zuckerberg says he plans to give away 99 percent of his facebook ... 
zuckerberg to give away 99 percent of his facebook stock 
zuckerberg to give away 99 percent of his facebook shares 
mark zuckerberg says he plans to give away 99 percent of his facebook shares via 
msnbc mark zuckerberg's exuberance over the birth of his first child may have put him in a gi ... 
mark zuckerberg's exuberance over the birth of his first child may have put him in a giving … 
welcoming news and words from 
mark zuckerberg's exuberance over the birth of his first child may have put him in a giving mood .... 

defense secretary carter : special ops force to iraq to fight isis - 
defense secretary carter : special ops force to iraq to fight - nbc news 
' more pressure ' on isis : pentagon to unleash special ops force 
defense secretary ash carter said tuesday the u.s. military will deploy a specialized expeditionary targeting ... 
pentagon to unleash ultra-mega-ubber-new-untried-double-extra-special ops force to expand ny profit wardebt 
secy . of defense ash carter announces more troops to fight click to learn more : 
the slippery slope : first 50 ... now 150 ... what's the next number ??? - pentagon to unleash special ops force 
finally able to get the job done and finish the problem now !!! 
u.s. is adding troops to iraq ! but shhhhhh you're not supposed to know ! - 
more special ops to aid gainst 
us combat troops are returning to iraq . ? 
defense sec . carter : special ops force to iraq ( we had 760 troops in vietnam 1950 & 536,000 in 1968 . ) 
😕 mayor chicago mayor fires police chief in wake of video release 😕 ❤❤❤ ❤❤❤ 😧 
u # special operations forces expanding in iraq to battle isis ❤❤❤❤ ❤❤❤❤ 😌👲 
rt sec . carter : us special ops . force to deploy to iraq to launch raids , free hostages , capture isis leaders . … 
pm israel pm admits forces operating in war-hit syria ❤❤❤❤ ❤❤❤❤ 😽😢 
well there goes obama's promise to end the war in iraq when dies the impeachment proceedings begin 
... defense secy . carter pledges more special forces troops to fight via 
u.s. special ops force iraq bound to fight isis 
' more pressure ' on isis via 
defense secretary carter : special ops force to iraq to fight … 
crash airasia crash due to faulty component , crew response : probe ❤❤ ❤❤ 😥😴 
pentagon to unleash special ops force on isis ( via 
are you a five 🌟 general " if so " let's analyse 
update : pentagon to unleash special ops force on isis 

rt airasia crash report blames crew response to computer fault . eerie echoes of air france 447 
pilots ' response to malfunction caused crash that killed 162 
airasia crash report blames computer failure , pilot response - 
there is a red button on airbus side stick controllers that allows a pilot to override the input of the other ... 
pilots ' response 2 malfunction caused crash y doesn't the pilot have the ability to take complete control ? 
computer failure ... i am expecting a bunch of this in our future on railroads ... well wait a minute it happens ... 
don't read if u r afraid of flying . it gave me chills > frightening details of the air asia plane crash . 
the way pilots responded to a technical malfunction could've caused the airasia crash a year ago . 
pilots ’ response to malfunction caused crash that killed 162 
airasia investigation lays blame on computer failure and pilot response for december 2014 crash . 
the first airplane bsod .... all about why an indonesian airbus 320 crash and the related computer failure . 
pilots ' inability to respond correctly to computer malfunction caused airasia crash , investigators conclude . 
new : pilot error and computer failure blamed for the crash of an plane that left 162 people dead last year . 
good grief ! another hardware failure , confuses pilots & kills lots of people . why does this keep happening ?! 
what happened to the flight is harrowing : 2.5 min of sheer terror via by 
crash report blames computer failure and pilot response to that failure . 

russia won't make quick u-turn on syria , obama warns - 
will obama optimistic talk be enough support for opposition groups against a russian military ? 
president barack obama warned tuesday that persuading russia to change course over syria in order to tackle isis ... 
" won't make quick u-turn on o warns " o warned tuesday that persuading russia to change course over .. 
russia won’t make quick u-turn on syria , obama warns 

