fact checks of the 2016 election 
fact check : donald trump says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
the new york times will be checking assertions made throughout the 2016 presidential campaign . 
fact checks of the u.s. 2016 election 
facts are not an element for some candidates . 
fact check : donald says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
well , this is fun , and horrible 
fact checks of the election - the new york times 
the herald news took pains to discredit what paterson officials were calling “ hateful gossip . ” 
fact check : marco rubio says ted cruz undermined intelligence programs 
fact checks of the 2016 usa elections 
" it is not ... anything that can be seen or heard or handled , but .... something that is imagined " 
one fact-checker to rule them all : today launches the first column as our in-house " doubting thomas . " 
caught in a ( gasp ) fib . he should never become a tv psychic 

attack state dept . via social media accounts 
iranian hackers attack via social media accounts 
just as russia announces it's lifting its export ban on supplying iran with more nuclear equipment and ... 
imo most interesting bit in the article 
why don't you just release more money to iran 
rt u.s. officials say they are seeing a surge in cyberespionage attempts by iran 
rt iranian hackers attack us state department iran watchers via social media accounts : by & 
rt hackers attack via social media accounts 
iranian hackers attack state dept . via accounts 
us security sees an uptick in iranian cyber espionage . sign of cyber's importance over nuclear ? 
rt surge of hacking from iran against us state dept ? might rather be someone at state dept finally noticing attacks . … 
attack via accounts 
new diplomatic dawn takes backseat as hackers step up attacks after via social media accounts 
iranian hackers attack u.s. via social media accounts 

thanks for the warm welcome to our red panda cubs , bo and mei mei , 
new york today : welcome to the jungle 
baby red pandas in brooklyn . this is not a drill . 
even if you don't like red pandas , has something for you : piglets ! bears ! patagonian cavies ! otters ! 
nytmetro : rt tatertatiana : even if you don't like red pandas , has something for you : piglets ! bears ! pata … 

why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
rt plain and simple : why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
rt syrians already subject to additional checks than other refugees . here's the process : … 
why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. via 
rt worst possible way to smuggle in terrorists . 
retweeted melissa fleming ( reality check : why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter ... 
two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. , but australia can do it in a matter of months ? 
why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. ( seatac worldvision says it takes closer to 3 . ) 
why it takes two years for syrian to enter the us : 
rt why syrian refugees must wait two years to enter the united states . 
rt good information on the current screening process in place for syrian refugees → 
rt why it takes 2 years for a syrian refugee to apply to come to the us 
mt excellent info from why it takes 2yrs to enter the us 
rt excellent , succinct info from why it takes 2 yrs to enter the us . … 
rt this is why it currently takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. … 
rt the 20 step refugee resettlement process that has bigoted politicians and islamophobes so worried . 
rt why it takes two years to screen syrian refugees trying to get into the us 
why it takes two years for to enter the u.s : 
for anyone who's wondering , this is what syrian refugees have to go through to get here . spoiler : it takes awhile . 
saddened , dismayed at your vote w house republicans . the current system works ! 
rt why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
good people of america do not be alarmed by our leaders ' fear mongering . they don't know the laws ( as they should ) 
as usual , is talking thru the wrong orifice on syrian refugees . here are some actual facts . 
here is a good description of procedures for vetting refugees . 
the two year security process it takes for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
important link for the holidays : details of 2+ years process it takes syrian refugees to enter u.s. 
rt the twenty steps of the vetting processs go through before we accept them : https : … 
afraid of refugees ? check out screening process they have to pass - the new york times 
rt with mere 20-step us review process for syrian refugees , i can see why the demagogues worry . … 
rt the dumbest path for a terrorist to sneak attack the u.s. is to pose as a syrian refugee ... 
rt excellent infographic about the thorough background/security checks already in place for refugees resettling in usa . htt … 
rt here's why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the united states … 
" why it takes 2 years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. " good read . 
why in takes two years to screen refugees 
it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. and the house just voted to tighten screening procedures 
rt 20 steps & security checks ( including proposed ) refugees must pass , before being admitted to u.s. ht … 

policy questioned : ... 
nfl player's concussion raises questions about consistency in league's new policy . 
rt football : policy questioned -- observers are wondering whether the nfl's system to handle concussions is working . … 
ouch . 
end football would be funny if it weren't deadly 
when will football fans realize that they are increasingly becoming like spectators at a roman coliseum who enjoy ... 
observers are wondering whether the n . f . l . ’ s system to handle concussions is working as designed after the rams’… 
( lack of ) treatment of st louis rams qb suggest protocols are inconsistently applied 
keenum concussion in rams v ravens is a major blow to the nfl . watch for this as evidence in next law suit . bad look . 

review : in ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter 
top story : review : in ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter see more 
ao scott loves it 
no . 7 in a series , “ creed ” stars michael b . jordan as sylvester stallone’s protégé . it’s a rarity ... via 
rt bam ! says " creed " might be the best boxing movie since the original " rocky " way back in 1976 . … 
creed rave in nyt . see it ! 
gonna fly now 
i'm actually very eager to see this . 
review : in ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fight ... ♥ buyfb 
liking " creed , " says stallone " is at his best when he works comfortably within his limitations as an actor " 
yo , everyone : " creed , " a cheering writes , is " a terrific boxing movie . " 
" a boxing movie without clichés is like a political campaign without lies . " - a.o. scott ( you devil ): 
" michael b . jordan’s limitations have yet to be discovered . " my " vince " in " creed " . forever . 
had a.o. scott in his feelings . cc 
i've never seen a.o. scott so giddy about a movie : here's his review for " creed " : 
the nyt review of " creed " 
no . 7 in a series , “ creed ” stars michael b . jordan as sylvester stallone’s protégé . it’s a rarity , a.o. scott writes : “ a terrific boxing movie . ” 

video game is built to be prescribed to children with 
video game is built to be prescribed to children with a.d.h.d. via 
new video game is built to be prescribed to kids with adhd . 
one game maker plans to seek approval to allow doctors to prescribe its game to treat adhd 
video game built to be prescribed to children with a.d.h.d , will seek fda clearance 
scientists hope brain games will be prescribed for adhd , the way meds are now : via 
video games can help with if used the right way ! 
c8 sciences featured : is built to be prescribed to children with via 
video games for adhd kids . adderall manufacturer helped design study . very interesting . 
video game that can improve attention in kids w/ adhd via 
by is built to be prescribed to children with via 
game is built to be to children with 
game maker plans to seek approval from for video game ( project : evo ) meant to treat children with 
is built to be to children with via 
video game is built to be prescribed to with a.d.h.d. 
is built to be prescribed to with a.d.h.d. via 
a video game for kids with adhd . this can make everyone happy . 
video game = rx for a.d.h.d. kids (& more like this coming ! ) via 
a video game company is hoping to test a prescription video game for kids with adhd 

meet some of the top commenters of 
meet some of our top commenters 
fascinating -- best part of the ogl is most often the comments -- meet some of our top commenters 
rt meet the nyt's top commenters . this is an amazing group of humans : 
nyt profiled their top commenters . including a 95 year old man who comments only in poetry . 
i was selected as 1 of the 14 . meet some of our top commenters - the new york times rt 
meet some of our top commenters - new york times 
i love this — meet the commenters of the nyt ! 
this is fantastic rt meet some of our top commenters 
. oh please reveal yours next ... " meet some of our top commenters " via 
the introduces some of its top commenters 
terrific roundup : " meet some of our top commenters " 
meet some of top commenters 
meet some of our top commenters says 
know comment - statistical analysis reveals the most influential commenters . 
never read the comments 
` i was selected as 1 of 14 . meet some of our top commenters - the new york times rt 
one of the nyt’s top commenters is a 95-year-old electrical engineer who cares abt inequality & comments in poetry : 
rt i was selected as 1 of the 14 . meet some of our top commenters - the new york times … 
rt i have to point out that this commenter brought her cat to the photoshoot 
rt meta enough for you ? 936 comments on piece on best commenters : … 
great look at the human stuff behind the internet stuff . my favorite kind of stuff . 
don't miss insightful piece on the nyt's top commenters : 
these commenters shared their faces and stories on 
named top commenter for " comments on racial issues , often from a deeply personal perspective " 
mr. eisenberg has made a name for himself by commenting in poetry . 
this is pretty interesting : profiles some of its top commenters 
the profiles some of its top commenters : 
conservatives don't make the top commenters list 
characters . meet some of the top commenters on the ny times 
rt this is lovely . well done , and nyt community . 
a brilliant way to encourage reader engagement : profile your top commenters . ( the story currently has 1264 comments ) 
larry eisenberg ftw - meet some top nyt commenters 
rt a good reason why comment sections shouldn't be shut . would b fun 2see a similar piece cc 
our top commenters would just be guys who use their cars as facebook cover photos 

to cam newton , the only numbers that matter are 10 and 0 - - 
bill rhoden is a cranky old man who thinks you kids need to take your calculators and get out of the press box : 
ease up on the analytics when assessing newton , writes the goat mc 
" look beyond the numbers and find a leader emerging " 
getslimmerquickly / sports of the times : look beyond the numbers and find a leader emer ... 

a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
a good reminder not to be so impatient when you hear the dreaded " sick passenger " announcement : ( via 
rt our nyc subway ads got a little face time in this piece about the increasing sick delays :: … 
what do " sick passenger " & " police investigation " mean when your subway train is delayed ? you'll be surprised 
" sick passengers " are causing more delays than ever on but do we know what exactly is going on ? 
a hated phrase that new york subway riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
rt any of us can become annoyed by delays just as any of us can become ill on the train- empathy wins : … 
any of us can become annoyed by delays just as any of us can become ill on the train- empathy wins : ht 
this : … is nowhere near as troubling as the turd i saw on the subway this morning . 
oh it's nothing , i just know someone who has her picture in the 
there should be a " call for help " button in every car ! hated phrase that subway riders hear more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
a hated phrase that riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
in a subway system with 469 stations and as many as six million riders a day , some riders are bound to get sick . 
a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ' sick passenger ' 
the ' sick passenger ' is the urban bigfoot 
rt can't always blame people for being sick . mta should better inform passengers what to do when they're feeling ill … 
i was once sick on a train . but the conductor just put me off in mineola and pointed to a hospital . 
" a voice over the intercom delivers the bad news ... your train is delayed because of a sick passenger . " 
rt on the subway , one rider's illness is many riders ' delay . ' there has to be a better way to handle it . ' … 

100 year anniversary of einstein's general relativity . challenge yourself with this well written piece explaining it . 
what is general relativity ? 
in 1907 , einstein had his “ happiest thought ” — people in free fall don't feel their own weight 
a terrific ( and fun ) learning tool for considering einstein's theory of general relativity 
tfw you wake up in a lift but dunno if you're falling to your death or floating in space ? 
happy birthday , general relativity 
great graphic and video today explaining einstein's theory of relativity 
general relativity animation not quite right . light rays should curve around the galaxy , not bend in an angle . 
why does gravity bend light ? check out this graphic and video : 
100 years ago , theory of changed everything via 
brilliant graphic from explaining general relativity 
100 years ago this month -- perhaps the greatest insight of all time . 
here's a simple explanation of einstein's general theory of relativity to share with your students : 
relatively easy to grasp graphic explainer on einstein's theory of relativity by the talented 
einstein's theory of relativity visually explained . by 
great short video on einstein crosses and rings ( bottom of the article ) - the new york times 

a century ago , einstein’s " theory of relativity " changed everything 
" and on nov . 25 , 1915 , ( einstein ) set down the equation that rules the universe " woah ! 
the ' equation that rules the universe ' . einstein’s theory of relativity turns 100 . 
rt how einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 
right in the middle of wwi , " a century ago , theory of relativity changed everything " 
rt " gravity was not a force transmitted across space-time like magnetism ; it was the geometry of space-time itself " … 
a century ago , theory of changed everything - the new york times 
nytimes : a century ago , einstein’s theory changed everything 
rt einstein’s theory of relativity changed everything 100 years ago , via 
one hundred years ago this week ; einstein’s theory of relativity changes everything 
in the bad times let's not forget the genius of humanity 100 years to the very day einstein sat down and wrote ... 
" ... on nov . 25 , 1915 , he set down the equation that rules the universe ... " 
a century ago , theory of relativity changed everything by via 
if general relativity failed - einstein : "' then i would have been sorry for the dear lord . the theory is correct . '" 
rt mt great piece by d . overbye century ago einstein’s theory of relativity changed everything … 
happy 100th birthday after all these years , your curves still rock my universe . 
it's all relative . 
happy 100th birthday , relativity ! 
rt a century ago , einstein ? s theory of relativity changed everything 
a century ago , einstein's theory of relativity changed everything no such thing as absolute reference 
happy century relativity !! 
rt " a century ago , theory of relativity changed everything " via … 

" what woodrow wilson cost my grandfather " 
rt not just racist beliefs , but damaging racist policies and practices . " what woodrow wilson cost my grandfather " … 
rt woodrow wilson cost my grandfather his job . 
amazing read - how woodrow wilson's white supremacism destroyed one man's life 
what woodrow wilson cost my interesting read .. 
woodrow wilson's administration oversaw the segregation of the federal government 
we honor historical figures who did terrible things . we wrote history wrong the first time . let's get it right now . 
" [ wilson ] believed in white supremacy as government policy , so much so that he reversed decades of racial progress . " 
rt gordon j . davis : what woodrow wilson's racism did to my grandfather . 
woodrow wilson was 1 of my fave presidents when i was a kid . that was , of course , b4 i learned he was a rabid racist 
hey . maybe remove topline of racist on your site ? heartbreaking history . 
princeton students are right . woodrow wilson isn't the progressive hero some would make him out to be . 
too much to say , to say anything . read it for yourself . 
ashamed to say that i did not know this : " woodrow wilson was not just a racist . he believed in white supremacy . " 
what cost my grandfather 
i generally oppose damnatio memoriae . that said , woodrow wilson's racism came at a great human cost . 
wilson , princeton and race 
also check out timeline quoting ghastly writings on race [ via 
rt read this piece by gordon davis on princeton and the racist legacy of woodrow wilson , 
the stuff they don't teach in history classes 

breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies - 
rt " some scientists have started referring to breast-feeding as the “ fourth trimester ” of pregnancy that completes ... http … 
provides anti- and benefits to mother - 
study : is good for mothers , not just studies suggest 
rt breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies ... vía 
studies are proving all kinds of ways that breastfeeding helps mommies , not just babies , in all kinds of ways . 
is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest 
breast feeding good for mothers , not just babies . " it's a win-win , " prof eleanor schwarz says 
from our fb : 
is good for mothers - not just babies - studies suggest : update 
is good for mothers , not just via 
new studies shed light on even more health benefits for moms who breastfeed . 
breastfeeding is good for mothers , not just babies , kaiser permanente study suggests 
" breast-feeding forces the breasts to finally grow up and get a job , and make milk (...)" 
new research : breastfeeding linked to lower risk of breast & ovarian cancers , type 2 diabetes & rheumatoid arthritis 
breast-feeding is good for mothers - lowering risk for breast and ovarian cancers , studies suggest via 
studies show that breast feeding reduces the risk of breast cancer and can correct insulin & blood sugar ... 
rt not the 1st time researchers have argued that breastfeeding is good for mothers via 
the fourth of pregnancy - restoring to longterm metabolic health via 
breast feeding is one of my favorite things about being a mommy , it's good for mom , not just babies via 
rt more good news about the preventive benefits of for women : 

. explains it all for us 
looking for a physics-cartoon-nonfiction expert ? here's on author randall munroe 
randall munroe's fans include bill gates and neil gaiman . his new book is " thing explainer . " 
randall munroe explains it all ( and simply ! ) in thing explainer , on sale now : 
alumnus randall munroe ' 06 is profiled in today's talking about his new book and how cool science is 
it sounds like everyone should get the " thing explainer . " lovely to have it all explained . 
what would happen if a pitcher threw a baseball at 90% the speed of light ? 

actors of ‘ the big short ’ talk about the debt crisis , in beverly hills 
can't wait to see this !! " actors of ‘ the big short ’ talk about the debt crisis " 
to be fair , i’m not entirely sure i could accurately define a cdo either . 
we gotta go see this 
also re `big short ' : channels on traders " zegna vs canali - there’s a real difference " 
" actors of ' the big short ' talk about the debt crisis , in beverly hills - new york times " 
hey girl , let me short that for you 
steve carell attempts to define a synthetic cdo : ( via 
can comedy emerge from our financial chaos ? trailer : ' the big short ' 
this should make watching “ the big short ” interesting … 
this might get me into the cinema although i say that every time : actors of ‘ the big short ’ talk abt the debt crisis 
actors of ‘ the big short ’ talk about the debt crisis , in b ... ♥ buyfb 
the big short’s fatal flaw in one nytimes question 
ryan gosling : “ i thought i knew , but i didn’t really know anything at all . ” 
steve carell , ryan gosling and finn wittrock discuss playing the wall street figures who anticipated the subprime mortgage collapse in the comedy-drama “ the big short . ” 

rt this is maartje , a cat from ghent , belgium . she will not be intimidated . https://… 
cats to the rescue in brussels lockdown . 
another example of how our 4 legged friends are welcomed distractions during these tumultuous times ! 
twitter cats bring much needed levity to lockdown . police response is ... satisfying 
rt i have new found love + appreciation for belgians as they fight terror w/ cats 
this is great . cats to the rescue . 
rt check out cats to the rescue in brussels : … 
twitter cats to the rescue in < this deserves a second tweet . cats rule ! 
rt of all the belgium lockdown twitter cats this may be my favorite . story here : … 
belgium , the country of waffles , chocolate and now cat memes . i wouldn't have wanted to study abroad anywhere else 
twitter cats add levity to brussels lockdown 
twitter cats to the rescue in and they got 9 lives to keep it going ! 
good call ! 
rt my cat , i repeat , my cat , made it to the new york times . and she will noty be intimidated ! … 
police : please don't tweet our location . belgians : cats . 
why isn't this story trending ? 
not sure what al siegal would say : open nyt story on cats in brussels , and screen filled by video ad -- for purina . 
fighting terror with cat photos in belgium . 

" many world denizens ... 
( miami’s art world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood ( 
little haiti wiped out in fl , mr. cho sees opportunity : " miami’s art world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood " 
nice article on miami's little haiti--we're so excited to be visiting there next week ! 
miami's art world zooms-in little haiti as next hot spot . hello , gentrification . 
sokol spills the beans : 54th to 71st , biscayne to i95 : is art hotspot 
signs of little haiti’s impending transformation are everywhere . 
rt the sets its sights on arts neighborhood 
miami's art world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood 
crux of our music , informs our art , informs our lives . miami’s art world , little haiti 
miami’s world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood 

not-so-great times in brooklyn , either . the state of the nets , by 
nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
nets ' disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse thank you brooklyn ! 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
nets and celtics ; some things never change 
wrote a column about the sad fortunes of broooklyn .... broooklyn 
boo hoo , brooklyn : 
dating single on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting w ... 
it could always be worse ... a lot worse : 
great story idea , but man is it over-written 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps … 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting … 

officer charged in death of black teenager 
cop charged with murder three days after judge ordered department to release video of shooting 
" the charges against officer jason van dyke , 37 , come more than a year after the shooting , but only days after a ... 
" chicago’s police has its own painful history , which by some estimates includes more than $500 mil in settlements ” 
rt chicago po charged in death of black teen video release was held up over a year . court order 3 d ago … 
nytimes : chicago officer murdered black youth , prosecutor says 
rt breaking news : with chicago set to release video of a black youth’s death , a police officer was charged with murder … 
rt : chicago po charged in death of black teen video release was held up over a … 
chicago po charged in death of black teen video release was held up over a year . court order 3 d ago , arrest today . 
thankfully this is not the chicago undercover cop i met ! sad story ! chicago officer charged in death of black teen 
this video of a 17-yr-old being shot 16 times must be released by wednesday : 
white chicago police officer charged w/1st-degree murder in fatal shooting of black teen as dashboard camera ... 
officer charged in death of finally !!! they should have done this a long time ago ... 
nytimes : murder charge for chicago officer in black youth’s death 
rt chicago , il officer charged with murder for shooting death of 17-year-old laquan mcdonald 
chicago police officer charged with 1st-degree murder in the death of a black teen , who was reportedly shot 16 times 
the charges against officer jason van dyke were announced days after a judge ordered the release of a video showing laquan mcdonald being shot 16 times in 2014 . 

pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel 
pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel - looks delicious ! 
"" by unknown author via nyt 


the system isn’t ready for the era 
great piece by tom wheeler fcc chairman on how we need to improve our 911 infrastructure . 
recognizes the power and the need of 911 to fully make use of this next-generation technology 
an educational opinion article from tom wheeler , chairperson of the fcc on next generation 911 ... 
the 911 system isn’t ready for the iphone era 
the 911 system is not ready for the iphone era 
rt in op-ed , fcc's wheeler calls for federal funding to help 911 centers upgrade to handle texts , photos … 
mt 911 emergency system established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more at 10/11c . 
rt the 911 emergency system was established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more a … 
the 911 emergency system was established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more at 10/11c . 
. chairman tom wheeler calls on congress to help states update an antiquated 911 system : 
" 911 handle about 240 million calls a year [ .. ] but many local 911 call centers can’t receive a text , photo or video " 
911 isn't fully ready for what the world expects , is it ? nena - national emergency number association's oped ... 
the 911 system isn't ready for the iphone era - new york times 
the 911 system isn’t ready for the internet era 
fcc chairman , tom wheeler , wrote a great ' plain english ' op-ed about the next years ahead for 9-1-1 . today in the ne … 
i like this idea very much : the 911 system isn’t ready ... 
opinion | the 911 system isn’t ready for the era - the new york times 
the system isn’t ready for the iphone era 
very important read : 
article from the 911 system isn’t ready for the era 
nyt op ed by on ( spoiler alert ! he's for it . ) 
" many local 911 call centers can’t receive a text , photo or video from a person in need " 
this is a big reason why nys ought to be returning more of the 911phone surcharge funds back to local government . 
we're working to bring next generation 911 solutions like tex t-t o-911 to our community , but we're not there yet .... 
rt the 911 system isn’t ready for the era 
so true : 911 system isn't ready for the smartphone era : 
rt seems like a clearly right idea in today's fcc chairman tom wheeler on how we need to update 911 … 

why using this is only the beginning of tackling via 
we love this ! 
getting ugly produce onto tables so it stays out of trash . 
getting onto tables so it stays out of trash are still 
food and travel top story : getting ugly produce onto tables so it stays out of … see more 
food and wine top story : getting ugly produce onto tables so it stays out of tr … see more 
for when you don't carrot it looks like . 
shout out to my friend who just wrote a great book about how to have a waste free kitchen . nice reference … 
ugly produce costs less and reduces food waste ! 
eclatsdenoix981 : gyromitre : rt cathyerway : anyone who's ever instagrammed a two-legged carrot ... keep doing that ! … 
rt edible , but ugly did u see ? in today ! go ug … 
great piece on and the new ugly produce trend 
anyone who's ever instagrammed a two-legged carrot ... keep doing that ! on ugly veg w 
gyromitre : rt cathyerway : anyone who's ever instagrammed a two-legged carrot ... keep doing that ! on ugly veg nytim … 
ending discrimination against imperfect fruits and vegetables ! 
would you eat ugly produce ? via 
american wasteland's jonathan bloom on making use of ugly produce , via 
edible , but ugly did u see ? in today ! go uglyfood !!! 
great to see cover and highlight massive issue of food waste ! 
nytimes figures out what sustainable lafayette knew several months ago ... imperfect produce rocks ! if you order ... 
rt a start-up for " cosmetically challenged " fruit and vegetables from the bay area , where all produce is beloved . … 
rt great story on reducing the cost of fresh produce by selling 

women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
syrians are second-class citizens in raqqa now . 
syrians abandoning their country , leaving a void to be filled by foreigners who held nothing of syria in their hearts 
" but all of syria , it seemed , had become about death . " 
a must read article on anguish & escape by my friend 
rt how three women survived the islamic state , and then escaped . 
3 ) feature article 
reminded me of your article on 
a really harrowing read but it must be read . isis women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration ... 
“ i'll never return to raqqa . too much blood has been spilled .. — i'm not talking just about isis but among everyone ” 
from beaches and bikinis to the islamic state's female morality police - window into life in raqqa : 
try them as terrorists , no pity from me . " ... to survive the occupation of raqqa by aligning with the organization " 
interesting read . they're like the mafia . " isis women & enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
rt inside isis : great revelatory piece .. dont miss it : 
life in raqqa , capital of isis 
and enforcers in recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
rt first in-depth look at life of 3 syrian women in raqaa under isis , including as part of its all-female moral brigade htt … 
i would encourage everyone to read the wonderful piece on isis women for the nytimes 
women of is seek power , status , money ; use org for petty disagreements ; leave when personally inconvenienced . 
if isis achieves their goals of taking over the world her i s a glimpse of what life would be like 
fantastic read from on the women who marry into isis to save their families : 
intriguing article from the times 
give dua the same lashes as her " friends " had in front of her 
rt heartbreaking story of what happens to the lives of women who become isis moral police . as with every form of ... http … 
we are not so full of evil as of inanity , nor so wretched as we are base . 
amazing reporting . the reality for women under hard choices and collaboration 
such a great read . 😱 
how women went from tattoos , bikinis and parties to become morality police members 
rt 3 excellent articles on isis and women : 2 ) sobering nyt piece on the experience of two women stuck in syria . … 

attacks and other assaults seen as evidence of a shift by isis 
“ the race is on between isis and al qaeda to see who can attack the west the best " paris attacks and shift by isis 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ‘ external ’ targets , officials say 
. was quoted in a article about what we've learned in the aftermath of the attacks on paris 
the attacks in paris and elsewhere signal a shift in the strategy of the islamic state . 
what is missing in all media's report and analyisis about daesh is their cultic nature and how do they brainwash ... 
rt paris attacks , beirut bombings and downed russian airliner seen as evidence of a shift by isis 
important : intercepted communications suggest islamic state " central " directed paris and beirut attacks . 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ' external ' targets , officials say 
rt western intelligence abandons former belief that isis was only focused on controlling the muslim world … 
rt paris attack was coordinated by isis spokesman abu muhammad al-adnani , who has directly threatened canada . … 
were the attacks on paris , the russian plane , lebanon , etc ., evidence of a shift in isis tactics ? 
rt abu muhammad al-adnani has a $5mm bounty on his head . officials say he's chief of global ops . 
rt an analysis of isis videos found that russia was threatened the most , more times even than france . http … 
recent attacks in paris ... were the 1st results of a centrally planned terrorism campaign by ... the [ isis ] leadership 
paris attacks and other assaults seen as evidence of a shift by adnani now has a $5 million bounty on his head 
top story : paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ‘ external ’ t … see more 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution say this what happens in the face of weakness 
rt isis evolution to ' external ' targets ... 
paris attacksother assaults seen as evidence of shift by isis -the new york times al adnani , isis esteri 

are you paying attention ? the developments in the east have the potential to change our world . 
turkish f16s shoot down warplane near syrian border : military official 
turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military official 
" turkey downs warplane near syria border , russia denies airspace violation " by reuters via nyt 
downs near border , denies violation 
turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military official : turkish f-16 ... 
turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military official : turkish f-16 fighter jets shot ... 
( turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military offici ... ( shaquille ) 

this is the perfect finish to a thanksgiving feast ( via 
rt make the pie dough today , and it will be one less thing to worry about on thursday ( via … 

turkey shoots down military plane near syria border 
turkish fighter jets shot down a military plane close to the syrian border on tuesday 

a side serving of science for your next birthday party 
" a side serving of science for your next birthday party " by james gorman via nyt science 
a side serving of for your next birthday party thanks 
watching popping balloons with a high = speed camera : 

agriculture linked to dna changes in ancient europe . 
rt icymi , here’s my story on 6,000 years of human natural selection in europe . 
" widespread changes " 8,500 years ago . " how the birth of farming changed european dna . " 
before the rise of agriculture , europe was home to a population of hunter-gatherers . then a wave of people ... 
the agricultural revolution changed humans ' height , digestion , immune system and skin color : 
linked to changes in ancient europe 
studying the neolithic populations of europe through their genes wtt kevin kelley 
a key to european evolution 
( shift to agriculture may have triggered a change in skin color ) agriculture linked 2 dna changes in ancient europe 
rt culture shapes our genes ; fantastic new evidence via & via … 
" scientists found after agriculture arrived in europe 8500 years ago , people’s dna underwent widespread changes " 
scientists link agriculture to dna changes in ancient europe ( altering height , digestion , immune system , skin color ) 
rt linked to changes in ancient 
nytimesworld : rt carlzimmer : icymi , here’s my story on 6,000 years of human natural selection in europe . … 

no college kids , but everyone at table must tell what they're thankful for ; fantasy , reality , and getting it right 
thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right 
parenting tips for a stress-free when kids come home 
thanksgiving holiday with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right .... 
celebrating thanksgiving ... with college students back home and in the house ... 
for college kids , coming home at thanksgiving is a choice . how to make it one they're glad they made : 
thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right - ny times 
kids ' visits from college aren't the last vestige of childhood , but first moments of adulthood . 
mt sharing sentiments , just off the phone ... nytimes : thanksgiving , with college students 
college kids coming home for first time ? make the visit work : 
for those students home for bridge your family expectations and your student reality : 
are your college kids coming home for thanksgiving ? this may help you handle the highs and lows of their return . 
for those with children in university or college returning for the holidays , this is a great read ! 
rt thanksgiving with your college student ... 
rt the counter : filthy . the laundry : in the entry . the glasses ? all gone . your kid is home from college : … 
listen closely & you'll hear your own voice here// thanksgiving w college students : fantasy , reality 
too hilarious for words . " thanksgiving with college students : fantasy , reality , & getting it right " v 

adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer , dies at 90 
" guests recalled that the point of no return came when she told her husband that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " 
rt married to mailer , inspired by " carmen " : “ you lived from crisis to crisis , sang love duets and had screaming fights ” https :/ … 
how much of an asshole was norman mailer ? he stabbed his wife when she said he wasn't as good as dostoyevsky . 
adele mailer , stabbed by husband for saying he wasn't as good as dostoyevsky , dies at 90 thank you , 
adele mailer , 2nd wife of poba artist norman mailer dies at 90 a turbulant , fascinating life 
to show my appreciation for norm's gesture from now on i'm inviting the chief rabbinate of israel to all my parties . 
presume you saw reference to your dad getting into fight w/allen ginsberg in 1960 in adele mailer obit : 
this obit , for example . 
rt " the point of no return came when she told him that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " why mailer … 
i was going to be that beautiful temptress who ate men alive , flossed her teeth and spit out the bones adele mailer 
rt nyt obit for adele mailer , who then-husband norman mailer stabbed after she said he wasn't as good as dostoyevsky … 
wow . lives to 90 and most of adele mailer's obit is about the guy who stabbed her 55 years ago . 
adele mailer , artist who wed norman mailer , dies ; seriously injured in ' 60 when her husband stabbed her during party 
nytimesarts : rt hellernyt : married to mailer , inspired by " carmen " : “ you lived from crisis to crisis , sang love du … 
at least he came to realize he had to appear contrite ? norman mailer , on stabbing his wife : 
" the point of no return came when she told him that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " why mailer stabbed his wife . 
" i decided i was going to be that beautiful temptress who ate men alive , flossed her teeth and spit out the bones " 
that time norman mailer stabbed his wife in the heart and never served a day in jail for it 
rt norman mailer stabs his wife , tells judge : “ naturally i have been a little upset ... " . what an assho … 
rip adele mailer . “ after he died " ... all she could say was , ‘ he was a monster ’" 
mailer stabs wife while wearing a ruffled matador shirt , tells court " i insist i am sane . " the judge disagreed . 
rip adele mailer . " the point of no return came when she told him he was not as good as dostoyevsky " 
adele mailer , rip : 

rt turkish fighter jets shot down a military plane close to the syrian border on tuesday … 
turkey shoots down russian warplane near syrian border 
rt nyt : now it's even more unlikely that russia would drop support for assad . turkey shoots down russian warplane . … 
rt downs plane has destabilized world thanks … 
man , it's going to be a rough thanksgiving . the turkeys are mad and they're not gonna take it any more !... 
it was thought to be the first time a nato country has shot down a russian plane in a half ... 
and what's now ? who will mourn this terroristic assault ? who will shut down erdogan tomorrow morning by bombing ... 
shoots down warplane near border 
putin calls turkey’s downing of a russian fighter jet near the syrian border a “ stab in the back ” 

youtube kids app faces new complaints 
françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the french president arrived in washing ... 
nyt global : françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the french president arrived in washington ju ... 
françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the french president arrived in ... read now ! 

rt pre-release , us “ officials " talk to about hospital bombing report … 
errors cited in u.s. airstrike on doctors without borders hospital 
kunduz hospital bombing investigation press conference is tomorrow . for early info on what it might include : 
ny times : multiple errors cited in u.s. airstrike on hospital 
" a mistake is quite hard to understand and believe at this stage . " 
errors cited in u.s. airstrik ... | … 
military will give details tomorrow at a news conference of attack on msf kunduz hospital . multiple errors cited . 
rt us inquiry into msf kunduz bombing finds multiple errors , still doesn't explain 75 mins of attacks . 
rt easy to get lost given today's events , but us now acknowledging serious errors in hitting hospital in http … 
rt pentagon says it hit wrong target in kunduz hospital attack . needs to say that hosp w patients … 
volunteers for doctors without borders are extremely brave in war conditions 
rt anonyops : pre-release , us “ officials " talk to nytimes about msf hospital bombing report … 
if attack was in error , why did they keep firing at msf hospital for over an hour ? 
internal military report on tmrw . us fired on hospital for an hour thinking it was different building 
these mistakes cannot continue happening . apologies are not acceptable . this is a war crime . wow .. 
let the muslims die send all doctors w/o borders home . 
top story : retweets multiple errors cited in u.s. airstrike … see more 

. " extreme weather tied to more than 600,000 deaths over two decades . " 
extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 decades 
myanmar continues search after deadly landslide at jade mine 
extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over two decades via 
600k deaths over the course of 20 years attributed to extreme weather . 
extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 20 years = total u.s vehicle deaths 
extreme weather tied to over 600000 deaths over 2 decades - new york … via 
report : extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths and $1.9 trillion in damage over 2 decades 
rt un report : weather disasters injured 4.1 bn people in last 20 yrs , caused trillions in damage , and will keep rising https … 
new study cites terrible human , financial cost of induced severe weather : 
600,000 deaths laid to weather 
according to extreme weather is tied to over 600,000 deaths over two decades via 
top story extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 deca … see more 
extreme weather tied to more than 600,000 deaths over 2 decades - 
rt a u . n . -backed climate meeting starts next monday in paris . more than 120 national leaders are set to attend … 
extreme tied to over 600,000 deaths over two decades , via - 
rt the u.n. is warning that the frequency and impact of weather-related disasters will rise 

putting the chicken before the egg 
goodness , is the us only just getting the idea about free range eggs ? 
putting the chicken before the egg - more of these please ! 
a n . california farm family finds chickens producing pastured eggs = golden geese 
pastured are one of the fastest-growing category of eggs in the us 
if , like me , you want your eggs from chickens who run around and enjoy the fjords all day , this is for you 
pastured eggs are one of the fastest-growing category of eggs in america today , as per the 
pasture-raised in the ! 
a growing market for pastured eggs from 
americans are learning to put the ( health of the ) chicken before the egg , so to speak : 
the best thing about chickens is you don’t have to herd them nyt : // i did not know this 
pastured eggs are on the rise ! take a look into this parental lesson turned pastured egg farm . 
growth in consumer awareness re : hens living conditions due 2 undercover videos . thanks ! 
revelation from humane farming : " the best thing about chickens is you don't have to herd them . " 
looks like a pasture raised success story ... 
we like to see news about animals on pasture .... why it is news , i am not sure , as it is the most natural thing in ... 
2nd article this a.m. making me want to run away , back to the country : i miss my chickens . 
putting the matter before the reproductive cell 
putting the pastured chicken before the egg via 
raising hens that have access to open pastures ? what an eggcellent idea 

fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and trey gowdy 
rt fmr benghazi investigator suing for firing him and making false statements about it : v … 
rt podliska , fired from benghazi cmte for not attacking is suing to be reinstated : … 
fmr benghazi investigator suing for firing him and making false statements about it : via 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader . 
rt fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader 
" fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader " by michael s . schmidt via 
rt fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : … 
podliska , fired from benghazi cmte for not attacking is suing to be reinstated : via 
fired living thing sues construction benghazi organisation and its living thing 
fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : via 

addicts , fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
rt for addicts , fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
rt fantasy sites can lead to gambling addiction . “ the perception of skill has led many people down a very dark path ” htt … 
" his life , consumed by gambling , disintegrated to where he considered suicide . " 
for addicts , daily fantasy sports sites can lead to a ruinous path [ via 
daily fantasy sport sites took his latent gambling problem to the brink of suicide 
new york times article/video on daily fantasy sports and gambling problems 
rt to those with addiction , daily fantasy sports looks a lot like gambling 
for those struggling with gambling fantasy sites can lead to a ruinous path via 
for addicts , fantasy sports sites can lead to ruinous path - 
for fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
while fanduel and draftkings are thriving ... more patients of gambling ? 
for gambling addicts , fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
are fantasy sports sites feeding gambling 
mass ag says draft kings is game of skill that needs regulation . ny ag disagrees . what say you ? 
really think sports not gambling lol 
nytimes , " for [ gambling ] addicts , fantasy [ sports ] sites can lead to ruinous path " : 
draftkings now warns playing fantasy sports could be a “ stress-inducer . ” but the word “ gambling ” does not appear > 
this article was a great advert for gambling anonymous .. show the extreme and the not so obvious is unveiled ... 

personal is more important than perfect this holiday season 
" in praise of the good enough holiday " 
" that which is recorded on the heart is , alas , not instagrammable . " 
i know this is just some other bs nyt think-piece about the state of humankind in the modern world , but it's good -> 
has social media killed our entertaining buzz ? 

matthieu mauduit , whose brother died at the bataclan , has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's memory 
matthieu mauduit , whose brother died at the bataclan , has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's memory via … 
nytimes : matthieu mauduit , whose brother died at the bataclan , has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's m … 
matthieu mauduit , whose brother died at the bataclan , has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's memo … 
following a musical thread throughout his life via here's a temporal one : 
incredible story . following a musical thread throughout his life — via nytimesworld 
feature of cédric mauduit one of the many victims : following a musical thread throughout his life via 

pumpkin pie in miami : 
a graphical look at the thanksgiving flight patterns via 
rt fun data viz from shows that everyone is apparently flying to florida , hawaii , and vegas for thanksgiving . … 
interesting . 
great data visualizations for your holiday consideration : thanksgiving flight patterns via 
pumpkin pie in miami : thanksgiving flight patterns - the new york times 
very cool ! where are americans flying for for one . check this out : 
rt where americans fly for thanksgiving . 
rt more awesome flow maps in today nyt . 
pumpkin pie in miami , " or why some of us don't have to go anywhere to be warm on thanksgiving via 
rt thanksgiving flight patterns : little dots , off to celebrate in las vegas 
great data viz from diving into thanksgiving air travel . 
traveling for thanksgiving ? this interactive map shows you where the rest of america is headed , too . 
cool gifs frm the upshot abt travel patterns at thanksgiving . reading on a flight to atlanta 
flight patterns show exit from boston , winging it to florida . 
fun data visualization to watch : thanksgiving flight patterns via 
flight patterns during the thanksgiving holiday 
i would say i planned it ... flying out tonight at 7pm . flight patterns around 
and yet , they all come to florida for thanksgiving via 
this is so cool : flight patterns via 
pumpkin pie ( and in miami : thanksgiving flight patterns via 
of course seattle and portland are destinations <3 
i'll stay right where i am , thank you very much 
rt want to avoid talking to your family at thanksgiving ? this map will buy you 10 minutes . … 
thanksgiving all about family ? flight patterns say otherwise . via 
rt nobody goes to alaska for thanksgiving ? 
everyone is getting the heck outta boston , s.f. , d.c. and minnesota on thanksgiving via 
rt 3.6 million americans , 1 percent of the country , to take a flight for thanksgiving . via 
3 most traveled to cities on thanksgiving , according to google flights data : miami , orlando , las vegas 
search data offers some surprises about where americans are planning to travel for the holiday . 

trump’s shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches 
rt " trump has never apologized or acknowledged a mistake . someone else is always to blame . " donald trump , liberal . … 
" the electorate , at least the republican electorate , is a little skeptical of specificity this year . ” 
reporter says trump campaign echoes goldwater campaign . " in your guts you know he's nuts " 
and stretches 
trump's " in your heart , you know he’s right " redux , via 
insightful comments from in today . what voters want this cycle is " attitude and tone . " 
trump’s shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches " and mr. trump’s supporters seem content to take his word for it . " 
rt trump's ambiguity often allows people to see different things in his remarks , such as the muslim registry … 
i never thought anyone could exceed george bush in their belief they haven't made any mistakes , are never wrong ,... 
verbal shortcuts-generalities to dodge questions-trip up trump's campaign . 
activities . 
donald trump's shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches - new york times 
good salespeople don't actually behave like this , 
rt donald trump is essentially the platonic ideal of mansplaining . 
i never thought i'd be tweeting an article that takes him seriously shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches 
i really dislike this kind of reporting : - trump's complete lack of credible policies is treated as savviness 
turkey shoots down military plane near syria border 


chill grips a michigan haven for syrian families 
i grew up , peacefully , in suburban detroit amid refugees from iraq/iran . why are arab refugees suddenly a threat ? 
rt michigan is home to nearly 200 syrian refugees . this family arrived last week . … 
a chill grips a haven for families . 
syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven in michigan 
" we didn’t cross illegally , ” he said . he threw his hands in the air . “ we went through hell to get here . ” 
syrian refugees are not terrorists . shutting them out is just mean-spirited bigotry . 
no matter yr take on the issue , you should know what it's like to actually be a syrian refugee in the us : 
rt tannercurtis : michigan is home to nearly 200 syrian refugees . this family arrived last week . … 
share this story by on syrian refugees in us with people on both sides of the issue : 
sawyerbrendan : good nytimes read why should remain open for business/welcome those fleeing violence like … 
good read why should remain open for business/welcome those fleeing violence like that of 
in michigan , syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven 
ouch nyt : in detroit suburbs refugees trade mideast war 4 cold winters , strip malls&houses as uniform asmonopoly pces 
writes a fantastic , heartbreaking article on syrian in michigian : 
a grips a haven for 
< " we didn’t cross illegally , ” he said . he threw his hands in the air . “ we went through hell to get here . " > 
" they said , ‘ we’ll send you to michigan ' ... they told us it’s very beautiful . " it is . 
according to the n york times the us has acceptet 1.800 syrian refugees since october 2014 . 
rt syrian refugees face distrust in michigan , once a haven for displaced families . … 

you can't make this stuff up : simultaneous jury issues at trials of skelos and silver ? 
juror in sheldon silver trial asks to be excused shortly after deliberat ... 
new york times juror in sheldon silver trial asks to be excused shortly after deliberations … 
" i have a different opinion/view so far in this case & it is making me feel very , very uncomfortable " - silver juror 
disarray as jury begins deliberations in trial of ny lawmaker sheldon silver 
" i am so stressed out right now that i can’t even write normally , " juror in silver case pleads with judge 
" i don’t feel like i can be myself right now ! i need to leave ! ” 
as talks start , silver trial juror wants out cuz feels ' very uncomfortable . ' we need ' safe spaces ' for juries now ? 
one juror " was having difficulty distinguishing whether exchanging nys funds for something in return is illegal . " 
anecdotal , i know , but these stories make me skeptical about the jury selection process : 
juror jitters in sheldon silver deliberations - very unusual , difficult to judge : 
notes coming from the jury in the sheldon silver trial are already fascinating 
one juror sent a note to the judge shortly after noon pleading to be excused from the jury . 
less than 2 hrs after deliberations began , a juror already wants off the case because of her " different opinion . " 
in an unusual move , a juror in the sheldon silver trial pleads to be excused [ corrects typo ] 
in a highly unusual move , a juror sent a note to the judge pleading to be excused less than two hours after the jury convened to decide whether assemblyman silver was guilty of fraud . 

the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
rt ending fossil fuel extraction is the best way to reduce emissions . the next president needs to https://… 
the change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
rt this swift explainer on the paris climate talks was designed for mobile readers : … 
the pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
the climate change pledges simply explained 
nytimesworld : rt hfairfield : this swift explainer on the paris climate talks was designed for mobile readers : … 
rt what countries have pledged before the climate talks in paris start next week : … 
and data used in article the climate change pledge : will they fix anything ? 
rt without the pledges , global temperatures would likely jump more than 8ºf by 2100 . … 
interactive via ... honored to work as director for their video : 
rt carbon dioxide reduction : the gap between what countries have pledged , and what the goal is https : … 
the co2 reduction pledges are in , and they are nowhere near enough . ( via 
rt the climate change pledges are in . how do they add up ? 
rt really nice charts by illustrate the impact of emissions pledges on climate's bottom line https :/ … 
rt our analysis of pledges in elegant interactive from … 
g+ : just in case you missed it : 


5 are shot near minneapolis protests , police say 
" 5 are shot near minneapolis protests , police say " by the associated press via nyt 
5 are shot near minneapolis protests . police search for three white men wearing masks . 
protestors shot at a closing borders won't help if the enemy is within . 
5 activists were shot by white supremicists near a minneapolis police station : 
5 protestor shot in minneapolis , police say 
meanwhile in america : 3 white males sought as 5 are shot near minneapolis protests 
this hurts my heart . 
5 are shot at protests , 
5 shot " near " protest . i'm sure the passive , random tone of this headline is unintentional . 😑 
5 shot at minneapolis protest , by 

with ben carson , the doctor and the politician can v 
rt portrait in ben carson's home depicting him with jesus really rounds out the nyt profile … 
rt when ben carson speaks , are you hearing from a gifted neurosurgeon , or a conservative politician ? … 
when ben carson speaks , are you hearing from a gifted neurosurgeon , or a conservative politician ? via 
with the and the can vary sharply 
the two sides of ben carson 
interesting , well-researched & reported article on the enigma that is 
rt in profile of carson , brilliant surgeon , and mine the inexplicable complexity of being human … 
with the doctor and the politician can vary sharply 
omg . ben carson believes in god , doesn't believe in evolution , and is soft on vaccines . the horror ! 
ben carson and i have something in common beside the fact neither of us should be president . i don't swear either - 
a little bit about ben carson prior to his presidential campaign : 
dr. ben , doctor and the politician can vary sharply dr. ben , presidential candidates don't get treated like gods 
ben carson has a portrait of him and jesus on his wall at home - 
rt with ben carson , doctor & politician can vary sharply with a cameo from a former r … 
rt . the doctor v . the candidate . ( via and … 
important read with regard to one of the political dwarf's - sleep or dopey - not sure . 
rt wait you're not telling us ? what did a duck say ?! 
ny times politics newtop story : with ben carson , the doctor and the politician … see more 
“ when he walked around hopkins , he was like god . ” long before politics , ben carson was med students ' idol : 
nytimes : hospital colleagues see 2 carsons 
ben carson appears lucid in nyt interview on science vs . ideology . 
inside story of career is not so glittering as it's made out to be — as this article reveals this 
rt a possible ' rosebud ' here about where obsession w pc began : his removal as hopkins grad speaker … 
at home , ben carson has " a painting of dr. carson in a lab coat next to jesus , who has his arm on carson’s shoulder " : 
with ben carson , doctor & politician can vary sharply with a cameo from a former resident 
on the connection between ben carson the candidate and ben carson the neurosurgeon 
pro and con . more failed outcomes than you would expect . 
rt ben carson as surgeon : " he was like god . " on carson the surgeon vs carson the politician . https :/ … 

. a car dealers won’t sell : it’s electric 
a car dealers won’t sell : it’s electric via nytimes 
consumers want evs but are being discourage at point of sale . 
why car salesmen don’t want to sell electric cars 
p h.d. graduate eric cahill insights article car dealer bottleneck for 
if you are in the market for an electric car , do not be swayed by ill-informed and greedy car dealers . do your ... 
rt car dealers won't sell electric cars because they take longer to explain ( cutting comm … 
why car dealers don't want to sell electric cars 
car dealers won't sell electric cars because they take longer to explain ( cutting commissions ) and need less repair . 
dealers don't want to sell electric no wonder why sell direct . 
bet the feeling is mutual . ev buyers tend to be educated on the purchase , would rather avoid the sleazy salesman 
dealers make 3 times more profit on gas-powered vehicles , hindering their incentive to sell electric vehicles 
car dealers are showing scant enthusiasm for putting consumers into electric cars , despite large fan clubs and gov … 
rt anyone else skeptical of idea in mrichtel story that evs aren't being sold b/c dealers … 
anyone else skeptical of idea in story that evs aren't being sold b/c dealers fear loss of repair revenue ? 
follow the money . “ electric vehicles do not offer dealers the same profits as gas-powered cars ” 
my brother-in-law is a car dealer . services is a big thing for them . so how do we get dealers to promote e-cars ? 
rt buried lede here : electric cars are less profitable to dealers , so dealers steer their customers away from them … 
dinosaurs among us . ford guy told me on ev test-drive " w/out v6 it's not worth driving . " couldn't explain features . 
car dealers are the biggest barriers to electric cars : 
rt not only protectionist " the dealer offered a maintenance package including oil changes … 
car dealers won’t sell if its electric 
" salespeople who have spent years understanding combustion cars don’t have time to learn " not that much really 🙃 
this sums up my experience trying to buy an electric car , too : 
glad that can still sell its cars in ny , especially after reading this : 
not only protectionist " the dealer offered a maintenance package including oil changes , belt repair and water pumps " 

when a bag is based on math 
rt ... in the nytimes's " when a bag is based on math " by hilary moss 
rt when a bag is based on math hit the nail on the head . 
when is based on the new 
oh , math , you used to be so cool . i thought we had this ' thing ' . now you've sold out and gone corporate . 

two ice age lion cubs found frozen in siberian permafrost . 
frozen lion cubs still have their fur 12,000 years later 
there is a place called the kingdom of permafrost museum ..! i want to visit . 
a furry pair of lion cubs born in the ice age have been found " perfectly frozen " in the siberian arctic 
frozen lion cubs found in siberia still have their fur 12,000 years later 
cute little cave lion , only 12,000 years old : 
frozen lion cubs still have their fur 12000 years later - new york times 

:: thanksgiving travelers facing tougher security measures 
rt thanksgiving travelers facing tougher security measures 
holiday travelers facing tougher security measures 

joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
dear twitter : reveals need to celebrate of cc 
i want to read a profile of randy souther 
and sometimes it's better when an author stays off twitter . see this ? 
joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ' joyous ' in isis ? - 
hah ! daesh might want to consider recruiting joyce carol oates . oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
the author was criticized after she posed a question on twitter about the islamic state . 
joyce carol oates faces backlash on twitter following tweet : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
joyce carol oates . .. gore vidal : " the three most dispiriting words in the english language are joyce carol oates . 
joyce carol oates & isis if some thoughts are taboo , then we can only explore the local minima and maxima of ideas . 
joyce carol oates on is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
" randy souther , who has written about ms. oates for 20 years and started a scholarly journal focused on her work " 
" there is no joy in isis , " the mighty hath spoke out 
you deserve this 4 signing the anti-hebdo letter this year . you simply don't express yourself well . 
ny times reporting on jco isis tweets , money quote from douthat . self-parody , or are we just a monstrous society ? 
questions are critical . unfettered inquiry is the only force that can oppose poisonous ideology : 

should you take it ? 
pop facebook quiz : should you t ... | 
should you take that facebook quiz ? 
hundreds of quizzes created by a single company on the social network are creating a privacy concern . 

2 men held in shooting of 5 at minneapolis black lives matter protest 
rt white supremacists shoot 5 protesters . cops mace protesters . shooters still at large . … 
2 suspects arrested in shooting of 5 protesters 
2 men are held in shootings at minneapolis protest 
top story : gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of police in minneapolis see more 
it feels like just last week that liberals and the right mocked the activist left for talking about ' safe spaces ' 
rt man held in shooting of 5 at minneapolis black lives matter protest 
rt prayers and solidarity for the people injured and people still protesting at 
" some witnesses said on twitter that they had been sprayed with mace by the police following the shooting " 
rt domestic terrorism : gunmen shoot 5 people at protest . 
two arrested in last night's shooting : 
two men were arrested in connection with shootings at a minneapolis protest , by | 
rt armed white supremacy is the terrorist threat america must confront . everything else is a distraction . … 
i saw this coming a ways back . the media demonized blm for protesting . the media has blood on its hands . 
2 men held in shooting of 5 at minneapolis protest 
rt white supremacists shot 5 activists at minneapolis protests last night … 
two men held in shooting of five people at minneapolis black lives matter protest 
2 men held in of 5 at black lives matter 
white supremacists shot protesters in minneapolis , and buried detail of police macing victims . 
rt kind of crazy minneapolis isn't trending , this news is ridiculous 
minneapolis story is centerstage on site . 
rt gunmen shoot 5 at minneapolis protest 
the press no longer identifies color of black perps -- that would be racist . but ok to call them white . 
growing tired of the poc who are invested in and support white supremacy . vendidos and sinvergüenzas they are 
rt white supremacists shot protestors in minneapolis . i have no words . 
2 men held in shooting of 5 at protest 
rt our hearts are with minneapolis & the activists fighting for justice & equality . … 
two men arrested in connection with the overnight shootings of 5 people during a black lives matter protest 
the men were wanted in a shooting that left the victims with injuries that were not considered life-threatening . another man is still being sought . 

john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against islamic state in syr 
john kerry visited a mosque on monday in abu dhabi and urged for a bigger push against isis . 
. would like to see the us-led military and diplomatic effort in syria “ go faster ” 
. outlines latest debate within the administration on defeating and hopes for a cease-fire in 
john kerry urging bigger push against islamic state in syria - the new york times 
nytimesworld : john kerry visited a mosque on monday in abu dhabi and urged for a bigger push against isis . … 
diplomatic memo : john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push … 
diplomatic memo : john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against islamic state in … 

rt a soldier patrolled an empty mall in brussels on monday . much of the city was closed … 
rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold . more photos from monday … 
rt photos of the day 
pictures of the day : belgium and more 
photos of the day from 
rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold in the north of the country https … 
rt pictures of the day : 

as sabotage blacks out crimea , tatars prevent repairs 
rt tatar activists block access to fallen power lines 
just as we started to tame the beast , we shoot down his plane and cut off his power - 
read on crimean tatars as part of activist movement amid new tensions between russia and ukraine . 
rt " crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines " by ivan nechepurenko via nyt 
the always forgotten and by suppressed minority of uses black out to make themselves heard 
🆘as sabotage blacks out terrorists prevent repairs‼️ 
as blacks out prevent repairs 
sunday , saboteurs knocked out power for millions in crimea . monday , tatar and ukrainian nationalists blocked repairs 
as sabotage blacks out prevent repairs 
the cutoff of electricity to crimea is stoking tensions on the " border " with ukraine . by 
crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines : moscow — crimean tatar activists and ukrainian nat ... 
rt neilmacfarquhar : tatar activists block access to fallen power lines 
crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines ( new york times ) ( 1301 gmt ) 

nestl 
rt world's largest food company says all seafood companies in thailand exposed to sea slavery . https :/ … 
this is what happens when there are no laws restricting labor practices . 
“ sometimes , the net is too heavy , and workers get pulled into the water and just disappear . ” 
. reports on abuses in industry 
grim report on thailand’s seafood industry 
china cuts mobile service of xinjiang residents evading internet filters 
rt most of thailand’s seafood workers are migrants , brought into the country by traffickers . http … 

this is exciting research that could play a key role in eradicating malaria 
a group led by prof . anthony james created a novel breed of mosquito that they hope will help eradicate malaria 
biologists at uc-irvine re-engineer mosquitoes to battle malaria 
engineering mosquitoes ’ genes to resist 
engineering mosquitos to resist 
engineering to resist 
science is so cool . great story in on the amazing things scientists are doing to fight malaria : 
here's a scary one : shall we use nature as one giant gmo laboratory ? who cares if it involves some 3rd world ... 
a new mosquito to defeat 
curing malaria by genetically engineered mosquitoes 
now these are some mosquitoes we can get behind to help eradicate malaria . 
a that they hope will help eradicate from the world ?!? yes !! finally !! 
check this out ! engineering mosquitoes ’ to resist 
eliminating malaria and 600k deaths/year . 
altering mosquito to fight ( and etc ) 
engineering genes to resist 
very dangerous ! 
rt gene drive technology could eliminate malaria : pnas open-access paper : 
we just can't wait for this solution to be rolled out on large scale 
engineering mosquitoes ' genes to resist malaria - new york times 
scientists have created a mosquito breed resistant to malaria . could eradicate the disease the world over . 

mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presi ... 
took detour from life as scion t argentine presidency 
a look at mauricio macri , president-elect of argentina and massive freddie mercury fan by 
mauricio took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency 
macri : from business to soccer to politics . 
should read this one ( rand among his favs ! ) macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency 
macri's election a big deal , but peronists have only held the presidency for 33% of last 4 decades , contra the nyt 
mauricio took detour from life as scion to presidency 
at boca juniors macri first displayed his preference for working in teams and mediating between quarrelling parties 
macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency - new york times 
argentina's president-elect says being kidnapped in 1991 put him on path to politics . a profile : 
an important election 
rt pesonaindon mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presi ... 

the episode set off an urgent response by nato which called an 
just in time for black friday shoppers research is out today on new 
your tuesday briefing 
your tuesday briefing , via 
rt paris aftermath , pfizer deal , new england patriots - . 
" aftermath , via 
check out this roundup : lots to choose from 
your paris aftermath , pfizer deal , new england patriots 

town of scarred by strives to rebuild - 
this article about the town of kobani , syria is haunting 
kobani , syria , is trying now to overcome the deep scars of war and rebuild 
town of kobani , scarred by isis , strives to rebuild 
rt story today by from kobani , syria 
“ destruction comes quickly .. but building takes time . ” syrian town strives to rebuild 
syria , is trying now to overcome the deep scars of war + rebuild 
rt reconstructing kobani : the early grades now use new kurdish textbooks instead of the syrian govt’s arabic curriculum https :/ … 
nearly 12 million syrians have been " displaced " by the civil war , over 4 million outside syria . here's why . 
rt town of scarred by isis , strives to rebuild 
it's amazing that civilians stayed in kobani , and are still there . 

applause lies 
racist . asshole . doubles down on hate . get rid of him to 
rt the new york times calls out trump as a racist liar : 
rt is time for journalists to shut trump up 
rt the nyt calls bullshit on trump . " history teaches that failing to hold a demagogue to account is a d … 
failing to hold a demagogue to account is a dangerous act . 
rt finally . the new york times calls trump a racist liar : 
is a vile racist who will never be potus . 
new york times : racist lies -- voters will bury trump 
rt nyt takes on the donald . 
on trump's falsehoods " like the phony crime statistics he tweeted , which came from a white supremacist group " | 
now that the has called a on its editorial page , will other media follow suit ? 
. like ' history teaches failing 2 hold demagogue 2 acct a dangerous act . ' 
" if it’s a lie too vile to utter aloud , count on mr. trump to say it , often . " a hard-hitting editorial : 
he is a demagogue , as i have said before this . i am still upset about is a big wigged liar 
" america has just lived through another presidential campaign week dominated by trump’s racist lies " via 
it’s up to the media to confront demagogy with the truth . 

carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
" ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to presid … 
carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president via 
ben ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
first draft : ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to ... 
first draft : ben carson's ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
the 1st doc quoted is my doc and what he says is part of why i respect him so greatly . 
first draft : ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transiti ... unete a 
first draft : carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition ... 
news " ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition … 
first draft : carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed … 
" carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president " … 
" carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president " by steve eder and pam b … 

next , donald trump gets involved in the creation of false memory : 
hahahahaha . i've played tennis at club where made up history . ( courts are excellent btw ) 
an amusing news story about one of trump's more harmless lies , that somehow manages not to use the word " lie . " 
in renovation of golf club , donald trump also dressed up history 
rt of course donald trump posted a plaque for an invented civil war battle on the site of a golf club he owns . … 
rt " future presidential candidate builds golf course & lies about the civil war " may be the whitest story possible . … 
got all the nps stamps ? now you can collect stamps for fake historical sites on trump property . 
so many great articles about my man dondo trump to choose from , but this one might be tops 
nyt says trump makes up civil war battle that did not happen at his golf course guess what ? voters believe him anyway 
another trump lie in his renovation of of a virginia golf club , donald trump also ' dressed up ' history - 
quick : act surprised . 
who said , " in the big lie there is always a certain force of credibility " ? donald trump's civil war lie . 
a cameo from newt gingrich in this story about trump's " river of blood " golf course claims 
so i'm now taking new career suggestions as trump has clearly just rendered historians & the entire field obsolete . 
" how would they know that ? ” trump asked , when told local historians called his plaque a fiction . “ were they there ? ” 
rt " the river of blood . " in renovating golf club , donald trump also dressed up history : 
writing an essay on trump's efforts to interpret and preserve a little piece of civil war history for 
gop front-runner and noted racist trump built a fake memorial for a fake civil war battle and a fake river of blood . 
in renovation of golf club , also dressed up history 
rt “ write your story the way you want to write it , ” trump said when i pressed for anything corroborating his claim . … 
rt trump to historians : “ how would they know that ? were they there ? ” 
beatles : it was 20 years ago today , sgt . pepper taught the band to play how do they know ? were they there ? 
donald trump : let's replace parks with a golf club named after me and lie about history : 
trump on ' rapists , ' women , mccain & 9/11 muslims didn't hurt him . this bogus civil war plague will be his downfall 
“ the river of blood ? ” he added . “ nope , not there . ” trump versus historians : 
pmarca : rt tmfhousel : debate skills : 
get bill o and marty dugard on the case . they'll clear this up ! | donald trump's faux history at va . golf course 
" it makes sense , ” mr. trump said when pressed unsuccessfully for anything that could corroborate his claim . 
well at least this latest trump controversy doesn't insult large segments of living americans 
“ how would they know that ? were they there ? ” — trump on historians . 
mr. trump asked , when told that local historians had called his plaque a fiction . “ were they there ? ” 
" facts ?! fuck facts . " - donald " idiot " trump 
rt time to follow the very talented who wrote this gem on trump and his trumped up history of golf course : … 
rt trump : “ how would they know that ? ” when told local historians had called his plaque a fiction . “ were they there ? ” https : … 
darth vader : obi-wan never told you what happened to your father . how would he know ? was he there ? 
make sure to read the full ( story : so worth it . 
reagan : in 1945 the people of berlin emerged from their air-raid shelters how does he know ? was he there ? 
djt is an internet commenter . 
in renovation of virginia golf club , donald trump made up civil war history , dismisses historians ' views 
in renovation of golf club , another donald trump lie 
donald trump undermines the entire project of historical inquiry : “ how would they know that ?... were they there ? ” 
not content to ignore the plaque on the statue of liberty , installs his own to commemorate a fictional event 
[ news botfeed top story ] in renovation of golf club , donald trump also dressed … see more 
ny times politics newtop story : in renovation of golf club , donald trump also d … see more 
long before making stuff up about 9/11 made stuff up about the civil war h/t 
in renovation of golf club , donald trump created history according to trump . -quintessential trump , mindless buffoon 
also : bonus newt gingrich reference in the last paragraph ! 
“ how would they know that ? " trump , on historians who say he put up a phony civil war plaque . " were they there ? ” 
historians say a plaque installed by mr. trump at a golf course on the potomac river commemorates a civil war event that never happened . 

no texas , you do not have ownership over a woman's body . 
we're fighting back for the people of texas . 
sues texas in dispute over funding for 
sues in dispute over for clinics 
calling state's action politically motivated , sues over funding for clinics 
the inevitable result of cutting funds for women’s reproductive health . cc 
what year is this ? 100,000 + texas women attempt self-induced abortions , state tries to cut access even further . 
sues in dispute over funding for clinics 
the group called the action by texas , which has some of the toughest abortion restrictions ... 

pecan pie truffles 
pecan pie truffles wha ?!? 
i need these ! 
this recipe is a stroke of genius . is my new fav person . 

congratulations humans , only 3 white rhinoceroses left in the world with few chances of breeding naturally 
weep ! we will never forget you nola !!! 
endangered white rhino nola dies at ... | 
taking time to watch the video made the sad news easier - nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
3 white rhino left on the earth !! death at san diego safari park 
so sad . rip nola . 
this is devastating news . endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park ( liam stack / new york times ) 
only 3 northern white rhinoceroses left on earth 
endangered white rhino dies at zoo safari park - only 3 nothrn white rhinos left 
and now there are only three . " endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park poaching , " civil " wars , human indifference . rip nola 
sure , when it is a white rhino , the media cares . 
nola , one of only four known northern white rhinoceroses , died on sunday at the san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left in the world : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left ... blows my mind endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park - new york times 
and then there were three . endangered dies at san diego zoo safari park 
sad side of science -endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zo o-o nly 3 known yet to exist . 
and then there were 3 - devastating 
sad news to hear that the endangered white rhino nola died at safari park 
this is truly sad : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered northern white rhino dies at san diego zoo this weekend . only 3 left in the world 
anf then there were three : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
there are only 3 white rhinos remaining on this planet . endangered white rhino nola dies 
breaks my heart : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
" endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " by liam stack via nyt science 
and then there were three : nola , one of the last white rhinos , died in san diego 
rip dear nola ! you must have been so lonely ... endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
this is what extinction looks like . 
rt awww . then there were 3 : nola , one of the last white died in san diego 
this leaves only 3 white rhinos , poachers would have it at 0 - endangered white rhino dies at san diego zoo 
the last three known northern white rhinoceroses live at the ol pejeta conservancy in kenya , where they roam in a ... 
3 white rhino left on earth ! death at san diego safari park 
northern white yesterday there were only four in the world , today there are three . 

a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave an imprint on islamabad 
a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad 
rt the new york times on saeed book bank 
rt a visit to the saeed book bank in islamabad , which displays 200,000 titles , many in english … 
for once in a long time , pens something about pakistan that isn't laced with the tired tropes of terrorism . 
rt one of the world's great bookstores : 
rt saeed book bank in that displays 200,000 titles , many in english … 
rt saeed jan qureshi loved books so much he let children steal them from his shop in pakistan by 
those from would know . 
one of the biggest bookshop in the world and its late oracle leave an imprint on islamabad 
a gem of a story by on an islamabad bookstore's unlikely legacy : ( now must go buy " fallen leaves " ... ) 
a storied bookstore where theft by children is regarded as investment in future 
" he had always regarded book theft by children as an investment in a future where people still read . " 
rt the bookstealers of pakistan . a storied bookstore's unlikely prosperity . … 
rt an absolutely lovely piece in the nyt on saeed book bank in islamabad . well deserved coverage . 
rt a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad 
asia top story : a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islama … see more 
a wonderful look into the largest book store in islamabad pakistan . 
islamabad , pakistan -- on the saeed book bank , now one of the largest bookstores in the world 
“ honestly , chomsky sells here ” | inyt covers saeed book bank in islamabad :) 
a classic bookstore in islamabad : 
take a look at the largest bookstore in istanbul . 
i go to every weekend just for the smell of the bookstore . now featured in ny times . 
lovely profile of the saeed book bank in islamabad , one of the largest bookstores in the world , founded in 1955 : 
one of the world's largest bookstores . " a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave an imprint on 
rt he loved books so much he let children steal them : a storied bookstore & its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad ht … 
rt a bookshop that started from peshawar but was shut down because of terrorism . nytimes obituary of late saeed qureshi h … 
a gorgeous four story bookstore in islamabad and the owner can't get a visa to buy books for it 
“ honestly , chomsky sells here ” saeed book bank , 
this reads like a fable 
saeed book bank in that displays 200,000 titles , many in english v 
lovely story : islamad bookstore where founder " regarded book theft by children as investment in future ” 

at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one 
you should be scared , not for the armed poultry though ... 
rt racism has a unique characteristic in that after it trickles down through society , it goes right back up : … 
dear white people , here is an example of decision that is not hard . it is a no-brainer , in fact . wilson's name ... 
. profile of wilson’s racist views omits his party affiliation . 
woodrow wilson naming and shaming at princeton - whatever would they would think if they considered craigavon ? 
i am super tempted to read the comment section ... but i know that no good can come of that exploration . 
been learning a lot about president wilson lately . lots of stuff left out of history books . 
his loved " birth of a nation " - just saying : at princeton , woodrow wilson is recast as an intolerant one 
princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one • a bastardly anti-semite " gentleman . " 
wilson , a heralded princeton alum , recast as an intolerant one . let's not forget his praise for birth of a nation 
princeton , which admitted its first black student in the 1940s , reassesses the legacy of president woodrow wilson 
at princeton , addressing a racist legacy and seeking to remove woodrow wilson’s name 
not recast - just the truth finally coming out . woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one 
it's amazing how money can erase bigotry from history , or at least , camouflage it's presence ! 
as & therefore how do you feel seeing this play out w/marginalized in ... 
take off the name of racist woodrow wilson because his image is tarnished and he lacks the good character needed ... 
" at woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as " a on campus . 
renewed efforts among students , faculty , board , and alumni to discuss 
fucken negros suck its always something with u mutts 
so progressive : “ cultural competency training ” & " dedicated housing .... for those interested in black culture " 
democrats have always been racist ! -at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as intolerant racist 
are we also going to get rid of all greco-roman architecture , and the name of every dude and woman who was sexist ? 
“ if the criteria for naming a building for someone was that they’d be perfect , we shouldn’t name buildings . ” 
as princeton recasts wilson as unworthy of recognition , who follows ? northwestern ? get out your history books . 
erasing history , or acknowledging racial realities ? 
rt we won't bring up woodrow wilson's south africa connections , right 
" ... wilson as president rolled back gains blacks had made since reconstruction , removing black officials from the ... 
rt '' if the criteria for naming a building for someone was that they’d be perfect , we shouldn’t name buildings '' … 
" up to this point , history had never been anything more than the history of power as told by power itself . " -mf 
at princeton , woodrow wilson is recast direct action gets the goods 
princeton students seek removal of woodrow wilson’s name , acknowledgment of his racist legacy : 

glad to see the securitization concerns popping up . europe can't be in permanent lockdown out of fear . 
rt breaking down doors , searches without warrants and aggressive questioning are all now perfectly legal in france . https://… 
paris attacks spur emergency edict and intense policing in france 
rt push sweep for after attacks ; concerns over liberties ... 
france after the attacks - 
take ' em down , get ' em out , keep ' em out . save the world from invading cockroaches . 
pays the bill for the fear following the 
muslim terrorists are frightening us to death ; states of emergency never end . france shows us our future , the ... 

how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks 
" how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks " by leslie picker via nyt 
the proposed merger between and allergan has helped drive merger activity to a record for 2015 . worldwide 
how the $pfe-$agn deal ranks by equity value , no . 3 behind vodafone-mannesmann and aol-time warner , says 
actually , $4.1 t in 2007 = $4.7 t today , so m&a in 2015 has not eclipsed 2007 
additional ?! er , primary . " for pfizer there was an additional motivation , lowering its tax rate by moving to dublin " 
the deal between pfizer-allergan biggest in history between pharmaceutical companies ..... 
rt $155 billion of pfizer and allergan is the largest of all time 
$155 billion of and is the largest of all time 
with an equity value of $152 billion , the merger is the largest since the heady days of 2000 . 

finding cheap flights and more on 
finding cheap and more on 
finding cheap flights and other deals on black friday 
finding cheap flights on black friday 
just posted their tips for travel deals 
you guys : take advantage of deals , book airline at deep discounts 
cyber monday cyber monday cyber monday cyber monday morganscybercom eurailcyber 
what the holidays mean for ( via 
rt finding cheap flights and more on 
black friday isn’t just for holiday shopping – you can also score cheap flights ! don’t miss the opportunity ! 
sojern in the 
. quotes on last year's cyber monday flight booking trends & what to expect this year . 
details : big discounts on rooms booked on 11/30 for stays between 12/11-3/31 ! more info : 
the only shopping i'll be doing : where to get the travel deals 
turismo : finding cheap flights 
is about too ! check out this preview and after all that ! 
a3 : look for further than ( details on some good ones via 
the event : finding cheap abstract entities and more on black abstract entity 
finding cheap flights & more on via cc 
we can all use a good bargain ... 

a few of trump's rivals are getting their equal time from a few nbc affiliates . 
nytimes : nbc stations in iowa , new hampshire , so . carolina grant trump/snl-inspired equal time to 4 gop candidates . 
donald hosting means equal airtime for rivals 
" donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals " 
" just don't do it " trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals 
trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals viewers in iowa . 
donald trump's hosting of ' s . n . l . ' means equal airtime for rivals ( 
donald trump's hosting of ' snl ' means equal airtime for rivals - new york times 
ben carson : " i don’t know if , on the basis of that , you can say all muslims are bad people ” what ?! 
trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime 4 rivals how about equal time 4 latinos , muslims , blacks ?!! 
george pataki , et al . bravely fight for equal airtime with donald trump on saturday night live 
first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for … 
rt wow . trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals . 
( first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for riv ... ( shaquille ) 

rt use political science to navigate awkward political conversation at the thanksgiving dinner table : … 
note : i'm not * advocating * talking politics with your relatives at thanksgiving - just offering help if it comes up ! 
how to talk to your relatives about politics at thanksgiving 
use political science to navigate awkward political conversation at the thanksgiving dinner table : by 
hey , just a heads up that your ( great ! ) recent nyt piece at has a broken link to the onion article 
pro tip : don't . just don't . 
a how-to guide to talking politics at thanksgiving ( or just don't bring it up at all ) via 
know you now want to share your new knowledge : how to talk to relatives about politics at t'giving via 
how2 talk2 ur relatives re : politics@ thanksgiving via yo , in my fam , it's all we talk about . 

rt the victims of the paris attacks included an architect , a student , and music fans . here are some of their stories . … 
victims , remembered 
rt most of the people killed in the attacks in paris were young and out having fun . here are some of their stories . https://… 
rt the victims of the paris attacks included an architect , a student , and music fans . here are some of their stories . htt … 
retweeted the new york times ( the victims of the paris attacks included an architect , a student , and ... 

how to host thanksgiving : dos and don'ts via 
the times’s florence fabricant gives etiquette advice for entertaining on 
after watching this , i'm feeling confident ! especially since 24 guests will be dining at my house thursday evening … 
video : how to host thanksgiving : dos and don'ts-- etiquette advice for entertaining on thanksgiving . 
hosting thanksgiving dinner ? here are some dos and don'ts 

