dubious carbon budget 
' because right now , we’re on the verge of repeating the same mistake that led to the financial crisis ' 
rt wspencerreeder a reminder of how important aggressive action now is ... should we be advocating for more stringe … 
a reminder of how important aggressive action now is ... should we be advocating for more stringent carbon budgets ? 
the dubious accounting behind the world's carbon budget 
we " need to seriously discuss " carbon capture technologies . but how do we move discussion to " the political level " ? 
the case for scrutinizing carbon budgets ... never as straightforward as the economists would have us believe 
the questionable accounting behind the world’s carbon budget 
the questionable accounting behind the world's carbon budget 
a smart comment on " negative emissions " 
carbon capture and storage is no miraculous solution to reduce emissions 
op-ed about and negative emissions . bottom line : worry about reducing positive emissions 1st ! 
right : negative emissions are a huge asterisk on wg3 results . wrong : this is informing anything going on in paris 
rt climatefran right : negative emissions are a huge asterisk on wg3 results . wrong : this is informing anything goi … 
op-ed contributor : the questionable accounting behind the world’s carbon budge ... unete a 

what we & reading 
way to go , nyt recognizes her amazing story about soldiers ' underground anti-vietnam war newspapers 
" what we’re reading " by the new york times via nyt 
what we’re reading : times journos find stories on michael dukakis's turkey soup , and more 

hey hackers/friends : the nytimes wrote about you , hackers of systems , thinkers of products 
rt yay got featured by for the 
in a global market for hacking talent , argentines stand out 
rt in a global market for hacking talent , argentina stands out . heads to buenos aires to find out why . https :/ … 
in a culture that breeds cheaters , hackers will prosper : bienvenidos a argentina ! 
living in buenos aires , i learned how pickpocketing is an art . computer hacking seems to be a natural extension ... 
rt in a global market for hacking talent , arg … see more … 
in a global market for talent , stand out !!! 
the " cybergauchos " of argentina 
rt great coverage of nyt of argentinian hackers by 
linda nota : " thanks to the legacy of military rule and a culture of breaking rules of all sorts ... " ¿si ? 
in a global market for talent , argentines stand out - 
“ cheating the system is part of the argentine mentality ” 
the security industry looks to argentina for digital talent via 
rt highlights of a great conference captured by was proud to participate at 

a chinese performance artist has made a solid brick of dust from the polluted atmosphere around beijing's landmarks 
amid smog wave , an artist molds a potent symbol of beijing’s pollution 
rt “ brother nut " has something solid to show from the acrid soup in the beijing air : a brick of condensed pollution . https://… 
rt a chinese performance artist has made a solid brick of dust from the polluted atmosphere around beijing's landm … 
armed with a vacuum and red clay , brother nut sucked up dust from around the capital’s landmarks to create a solid brick of condensed pollution . 

( high-salt warnings on new york menus to start tuesday ( 
high-salt warnings on new york menus to start tuesday 
in high-salt warning labels on menu items started today . are you getting too much has details 
wouldn't it save time and money to list the items that aren't high in salt ? salt warnings on ny menus 
helping our patients do better ... 
what do you think about the new nyc salt warnings on menus ? 
does high salt intake harm people with healthy blood pressure ? never seen any evidence that it does . 
diners at chain restaurants will see warnings on menus next to items that are high in sodium , under a rule believed … 
high warnings on ny menus to start tuesday 
high- warnings on new york menus to start tuesday 
what do you think about high-salt warnings on ny menus ? 
fuck you , gouvernments . 
new york implements high-salt warnings symbols on new york menus 

after attack , republicans keep hammering planned parenthood 
after attack , republicans keep lying about planned parenthood 
i nominate as the ugliest , most delusional , self aggrandizing , opportunistic pos of 2015 . 
the american taliban continues to rally its violent supporters . 

mark zuckerberg and wife pledge 99% of their facebook shares to charity 
rt mark zuckerberg pledges that he and his wife will give 99% of their facebook shares " during our lives " to charity … 
zuckerberg vows to daughter he’ll donate 99% of his facebook shares ... 
zuckerberg ( alongside wife chan ) vows to new born daughter he’ll donate 99% of his facebook shares to initiative 
zuckerberg vows to daughter he'll donate 99% of his facebook shares - new york times 
99% of fb to greater good . rare , inspiring form of leadership and humility , says a lot about impact of policy today 
a smart and fortunate couple making an amazing commitment to the future . 
thoughts ? 
rt as daughter is born , facebook ceo mark zuckerberg and wife pledge 99% of their fortune to solve global problems . $fb https :/ … 
as vows to daughter he’ll donate 99% of his shares 
another individual shames western nations ! instead of spending trillions on war , why not do something worthwhile ... 
so young yet so willing to give away his wealth to those more in need of it . 
rt that's what i call an in pursuit of the common good . wow : 
zuckerberg vows to daughter heâ€™ll donate 99% of his facebook shares 
i thought this was a hoax . wow . 
zuckerberg vows he’ll donate 99% of his facebook shares 
vows to daughter he’ll donate 99% of his $fb shares 
god i bet the people who invented are just over the moon 
thank you , dr. chan and mr. zuckerberg !! 
rt mark zuckerberg pledged to donate 99% of his wealth 🙌 
after bill gates , with the 95% of his wealth , now is the time of mark zuckerberg . if facebook shares continue to ... 
zuckerbergs vow to baby max they’ll donate 99% of their shares .. 👍🏼 
mark zuckerberg vows to donate 99% of facebook shares in facebook post letter to daughter 
rt fantastic ! mark zuckerberg intends to wreck public education as a gift to his newborn . whatever happened to duplo ? https : … 
wow ! inspiring ..... 

luc bondy , swiss-born theater and opera director , dies at 67 
ny times : luc bondy , swiss-born and director , dies at 67 
mr. bondy’s productions were known for their probing of human behavior and were featured in europe’s most prestigious theaters and opera houses . 

books can have both a positive and negative inpact on history : scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’ 
scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’ as copyright expires 
mein kampf will soon be available in germany for the first time since 1945 , but with historians ' annotations 
" mein kampf " copyright expires this month , allowing historians to publish first new edition since the end of wwii 
fascinating . but it'll still be weird to walk into a bookstore and say , do you have the new ' mein kampf' ?! 
scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’ as the book’s copyright exp 
richly annotated edition of hitler’s mein kampf due out in january , print run 4000 , who's interested ? 
scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’ : as the book’s copyright expires , a … 
scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’ << just what the world needed in 2015 
copyrights in the news ... 
scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’ : as the book’s copyright expires , a te ... vía 
when love to come . scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’ : as the book’s ... 
" scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’" by alison smale via nyt the new york times 
" scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’" by alison smale nyt december 2 , 2015 at 06:00 am 
" scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’" by alison smale via nyt the new … 

life in a japanese-american internment camp , via the diary of a young man 
" today was supposed to be my graduation day at internment camp diary & online : 
out of the desert ! congrats courtney & corey . life in a japanese-american internment camp , via diary of a young man 
it's amazing what " civilized " american citizens can do to other citizens when fear is involved ... 
life in a japanese-american internment camp via a young man's diary , on view at yale's sterling memorial library 
there is grace in forgiveness . are you this forgiving ? 
digital gallery for yale sterling memorial library's current exhibit on japanese american internment is a must see 
yale exhibit of wwii incarceration includes personal diary of daily life . 
" i was shocked beyond belief , ” mr. satoda said of learning that the diary — which he had not seen or thought ... 
a fastidious and somewhat irreverent diary kept by yonekazu satoda , now in his 90s , is part of th ... via 

rt breaking news : mark zuckerberg has pledged to give to charity 99 percent of his facebook shares 
amid smog wave , an artist molds a potent symbol of beijing’s pollution - 
zuckerberg vows to daughter he’ll donate 99% of his facebook shares - 
suicide bomb trainer in iraq accidentally blows up his class - 
student protesters self-absorbed and narcissistic , says oklahoma college president - 
luc bondy , swiss-born theater and opera director , dies at 67 ( 
yahoo’s board is said to weigh selling off core business ( 
isis ’ grip on libyan city gives it a fallback option - 
in most areas , good or bad , kobe bryant has simply done more - 
isis followers in u.s. are diverse and young - 
notable children’s books of 2015 read most of these books & agree . 
these are taxes ! predatory islamic state wrings money from those it rules - 
fiji offers to take in people of kiribati – thank you , fiji ” : very moving president ano ... 
promise of statehood falling far short , ex-residents say - 
mass surveillance isn’t the answer to fighting terrorism need to get rid of all fed police 
new u.s. special force against isis - video - 
addicted to distraction - 
airbnb releases trove of new york city home-sharing data - 
rt how can i reduce my carbon footprint ? - 
the 2016 pirelli calendar may signal a cultural shift - 
blood pressure , a reading with a habit of straying 
“ women are superb brand ambassadors . women share a positive car experience with more than 20 people on average ,... 
for robert dear , religion and rage before planned parenthood attack 
mark zuckerberg plans 2-month paternity leave from facebook - - 
‘ star wars ’ fever extends to an ancient irish island . via 
puerto rico begins choosing which debt payments to make - 
the chicago police scandal - 
months after annexation , hopes start to dim in - - 
mark zuckerberg and wife pledge 99% of their facebook shares to charity - 
queen’s university in canada gets a third rembrandt from alfred and isabel bader - 
cuomo tempers hopes for tougher ethics laws ( 
on tape at skeloses ’ trial , son talks of senator’s pull ( 
our year of living airbnb - 
students ’ protests may play role in supreme court case on race in admissions - 
a hollywood mystery ( paid post by bleeckerstreet from 
what climate change looks like : walrus crowding - 
american convicted in peru plot plans to return to u.s. ( 
wary of donald trump , g.o.p. leaders are caught in a standoff to do with trump 
rt the art of the thanksgiving table - best . teacher . ever . 
how important is in the discussion ? - 
rt western intelligence agencies fear libya may be a fallback option for isis . … 
lawyer is refused boarding on la guardia flight after revolving-door mix-up - 
over-the-counter medicines ’ benefits and dangers - 
racial discrimination protests ignite at colleges across the u.s. - the new york times - 
bernie sanders , your cool socialist grandpa - 

guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s political culture 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany's political culture 
according to one lawyer , their client is innocent as " that is the system new york has chosen . " this speaks ... 
rt at the very least , advocates predicted , the silver verdict could have a chilling effect on albany legislators : … 
. wants to talk reform after shutting down moreland ? that's richer than the people's pockets he lives in 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany & political culture 
ny state assembly exspeaker convicted on all counts - time to change the " fetid atmosphere " 
reformers in albany may be spurred by silver verdict , via 
“ the bell could not be ringing louder for real reform in albany than it is right now ” 
making it harder to prove white-collar crimes 
rt imwhitneyblack : guilty verdict is a spur to would-be ... | … 
preach , 
" but on monday , as mr. silver’s name was scrubbed from the assembly website & removed from his office door ... " nyt : 
“ money seems to be the root of all of the evil in politics ” 
will silver conviction be the scandal to finally end albany corruption ? 
albany reform may not be entirely out of reach , thanks to silver verdict 
lol . sure government-watchdogs optimistic silver conviction will lead to closing campaign funding loophole 
like skimming one floating turd off the surface of the albany mafia cesspool >> albany’s political culture 
guilty is a spur to would-be of political culture 
if we can't push through real ethics reform in albany now , it will never happen . this is a call to action ! 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s political … 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s… 

meet tumblr’s 15-year-old secret keeper 
it annoys me how terrible people are at ending relationships . requires thought , care and compassion . 
technology , tumblr , a 15-year old with an agent 
cool to learn about the face behind " the last message received " . i've seen the posts before on tumblr . 
a 15 year old is getting the next tumblr to book deal and i'm over here trying to make it to the grocery store . 
meet tumblr's 15-year-old secret keeper . cute story , but good god those messages are heartbreaking . 
rt meet the 15-year-old behind the dear my blank she has collected 17,000 letters that people will never send https : … 
the internet is full of secrets , and 15 yr old emily collects them 
rt the internet is full of secrets , and 15 yr old emily collects them 
fb users complained this story is too buzzfeedy . parents also ask why their tumblr-hooked kids don't have book deals 
meet 15-year-old secret keeper 
meet tumblr's 15-year-old secret keeper - new york times 
the teenage girl who keeps all of the internet's secrets : 
rt up to 100 people a day are sharing sad messages with a teenager in ohio . 

notable of 2015 
notable children’s books of 2015 
notable children's books of 2015 
rt the notable children's books of 2015 
rt we are always up for a good ( followed by a trip to the or 
rt the hired girl & symphony for the city of the dead are 2015 notable ya books ! https : … 
i'm thrilled ! what an honor to be in such company ! thank you 
we only have one of the picture books , but we do much better in the middle grade and young adult categories .... 
which of these books were a hit with your kids ? 
& have been named notable books of 2015 by 
we're thrilled ( and not at all surprised ) to see the hired girl on this list . congratulations to local author and ... 
gifts for your favorite young person 
the notable children's books of 2015 : via 
rt notable children's books of 2015 
the ny times selects notable children's and ya books of 2015 : ... 

playing his entire nba career for the los angeles lakers , gave much to the game : 
can most easily be described by one word : volume 
in most areas , good or bad , kobe bryant has simply done more 
in most areas , good or bad , has simply done more 

yahoo’s board is said to weigh selling off core business 
ok marissa , what now ? yahoo’s board is said to weigh selling off core business 
yahoo's board is said to weigh selling off core business 
yahoo’s board is said to weigh selling off core business - as chief of yahoo , marissa mayer has stabilized the ... 
my name is ozymandias , king of kings : look on my works , ye mighty , and despair ... 
yahoo's board is said to weigh selling off core business - new york times : new york timesyahoo's board is said ... 
yahoo’s board is said to weigh selling off core business - the new york times - 
yahoo's board is said to weigh selling off core - new york times 
maybe they should merge with myspace .... 
marisa mayer probably should have considered this before she doubled down on 1990-era work policies in the 2010's . 
the board of yahoo will consider major changes during meetings this week , people briefed on the plans said , as well as review plans for the sale of its valuable stake in alibaba . 

cauliflower parmesan 

race begins , without front-runners for a change 
oscar race begins — without front-runners for a change - 
leonardo dicaprio has a strong chance for best actor , but for best picture , all bets are off . 
attention , film buffs ! 

the post-split hairstyle 
have you ever changed your appearance after a break-up ? joe jonas ' ultimate post-split move : 
rt the post-split hairstyle 
the times is on it : male celebs " swap the whiskey bottle for a bottle of hair dye after a fizzled romance . " 
mirror : the post-split hairstyle 
heartbroken men are changing up their hair styles . you heard it here first . 
rt mirror : the post-split hairstyle 
✍ the post-split hairstyle 
the post-split hairstyle - ( he has since dyed his entire mane . ) while making a drastic change in appearance aft ... 
some men are changing their hair after fizzled romances . 

students ’ protests may play role in supreme court case on race in admissions 
protests are also ongoing at harvard , where six of the nine went to law school . 
hey white ppl , if your kid is mediocre as bread , don't tell them they can get into lookin at you , fisher . 
campus protests may lead the supreme court to allow racial discrimination & in admissions 
students protests may play role in supreme court case on race in admissions 
what are your thoughts on this one ? 
interesting piece on recent campus protests & upcoming fisher v . tx arguments . 
students ’ protests may play role in supreme court case … 
the new york times : justices to rule once again on race in college admissions . 
students ’ protests may play role in supreme court case on … 

mixed messages for cops highlights tough job : nytimes : host of challenges as officers rush to end mass shootings 
" a shift in tactics as law enforcement agencies rethink how to stop terrorist attacks already underway " fm 
to end mass shootings , police face greater danger 
rushing to end mass shootings , police confront greater danger ... 
i wonder intensive training for police would really be effective in terrorist attack . rushing to end mass shootings , 
. nypd training 4 new terror scenes " .. used to draw in police officers and emerg . medical workers .. : 
new york's tactical shift on terror attacks : don't wait for backup - 
rushing to end mass shootings , face greater danger 
training to act decisively in mass shootings & de-escalating in ordinary standoffs are huge policing challenges . 
a sense that police are not supposed to act like the military " has just , all of a sudden , evaporated . ” great story . 
on society's dual needs of extreme patience against smaller crimes and extreme decisiveness against violent ones 
new york’s tactical shift on terror attacks : don’t wait for backup 
“ 1 minute we expect them to be de-escalating ... the next minute we expect them ... to take on a suicide bomber . " 
" police officials are aware that statements on counterterror tactics are often read by those seeking to attack ... " 
excellent look at the complexity and difficulty of being a police officer today 
being trained to rush into situations , but de escalate others . 
police confront danger lacking maturity - males shouldn't be eligible as cops until age 33 - females age 28 . 

top prescription plan to offer $1 alternative to $750 pill 
health - drugs - ripoffs - alternatives - express scripts prescription plan to offer $1 alternative to $750 pill 
is there an industry more ripe for disruption than big pharma ? “ health plan to offer $1 alternative to $750 pill ” 
another example of why price issues are in many cases not in fact issues , but regulatory ones . 
economics at work . radical price increases created opportunities for competitors to enter the market , quickly ... 
express scripts is expected to promote a compounded medicine with the same active ingredient as the much more … 
welldone showing that 2 can play pricing game 
celebrate this ! it may affect you or someone you care about one day . 
. " express scripts had only 350 patients who used daraprim last year " $esrx $immy 
nice 
will this medication cost me $750 , $1 , or $0.01 per pill ? the curious world of prescription drug pricing . 
prescription 4 martin shkreli's greed affliction : express scripts to offer $1 alternative to $750 pill , via 
. $750 pill is facing a new headwind : an alternative that costs $1 per pill 

long-hidden , vivid and disturbing details of the 1972 olympics attack in munich are beginning to emerge 
long-hidden details reveal cruelty of 1972 munich attackers 
rt awful story of torture of israeli athletes in 1972 long-hidden details reveal cruelty of 1972 munich attackers … 
rt 1972 munich hostages were mutilated : 
rt muslim savages : long-hidden details reveal horrific barbarism of 1972 munich terrorists . … 
long-hidden , vivid , disturbing details of the 1972 olympics attack in munich are beginning to emerge 
rt stunned by new details about what was done to the israeli hostages be prepared for awful if you click . … 
long-hidden , vivid , disturbing details of the 72 olympics attack in munich are beginning to emerge 
savagery of is not new . new details of 1972 munich olympics attack reveal palestinian depravity . 
rt this helps to explain the ferocity of the mossad’s response to the 1972 munich massacre . 

" for the parent who uses emoji but can't program voicemail " is such a good category : 
the nyt 2015 holiday gift guide has my category spot on . 
our client , arckit , was featured in the nty ! 
style 
ben's bagel tours has made it to the ny times holiday gift guide ! schmear the word !!! 
s/o all over the gift guide 2015 
the one where i tell you what to buy for the stylish people on your list : 2015 holiday gift guide via 
an unexpected fashion story is one of top holiday gift books of 2015 ! 
fizzicsgroup : beer system / a present idea from the nytimes 2015 holiday gift guide 
beer system / a present idea from the 2015 holiday gift guide 
the includes in their holiday gift guide . 
the lists in their holiday gift guide 
top story : 2015 holiday gift ideas and guide — style see more 
this interactive guide webpage by is pretty neat ! 
" 2015 holiday gift ideas and guide — style " by joanna nikas and sharon steel via nyt multimedia/photos via 
2015 holiday gift guide - style 
the best present ideas , selected by times experts , to make shopping easy this season . 
is the nyt telling me to keep my socks on while having sex , 
arckitmodel : the nytimes lists arckitmodel in their holiday gift guide 
2015 holiday gift guide : aromatherapy shower kit 
2015 holiday gift guide : handmade leather gloves 
2015 holiday gift guide : 3-d printer 
2015 holiday gift guide : cookies socks 
2015 holiday gift guide : bath bombs 
for food addicts 
we're happy to announce that we made it in to the 2015 new york times holiday gift guide . give us a look-see ... 
the nytimes gift guide includes a $450 hoodie , just so i'm reminded how poor i am . 

even little like sea snails & sea slugs , are harmed by 
rt what does climate change look like ? it’s not just polar bears on melting ice . … 
what change looks like : dissolving shells 
what looks like in the discover more at a sea change : imagine a world without fish 
what climate change looks like : dissolving shells - 
great read → what looks like : dissolving shells via 
oceans are acidifying and pteropod shells are dissolving : 
what climate change looks like : we're melting the " sea butterflies " that other critters depend on : 
an overlooked result of ocean acidification 
sea butterflies are dissolving , and climate change is to blame . 
climate change increases the ocean's acidification putting marine animals at risk . 
shells dissolving in acidifying oceans . 
lots of stories coming out of climate talks this week , and here's one that doesn't get a lot of attention . 
affects all of us , including the tiniest snails in the ocean whose shells are thinning . it's our ... 
pteropods , which play big role in ocean's food chain , are having their shells dissolved as result of 
what does look like ? are acidifying and pteropod shells are dissolving : 

adele on love , fame , ego and ‘ 25 ’ 
" adele on love , fame , ego and ‘ 25 ’" by compiled by jon pareles via nyt 
nyt : " adele on love , fame , ego and ‘ 25 ’" by compiled by jon pareles . 
" adele on love , fame , ego and ‘ 25 ’" by by jon pareles 
adele on love , fame , ego and ' 25 ' - new york times 
so many reasons why i love her . 
i just really love me some adele . great interview with her : 
the british singer and songwriter talks about her changing voice and why she prefers albums to singles . via 

yum !!! fig tart with caramelized onions , rosemary and stilton 

' a1 ' for " statehood project is troubled , those who escaped isis say . " 
pentagon officials say they'll bolster special operations force in iraq ( new york times ) ( 2128 gmt ) 
pentagon officials say they’ll bolster special operations force in iraq 
u.s. increases special operations forces fighting isis in 
goo news pentagon officials say they'll bolster special operations force in iraq - new york … 
germany endorses 1200 troops , uk voting , france livid … & “ us increases special operations forces fighting isis iraq ” 
it's about time ! 
us increases special operations forces fighting isis in iraq - new york times : … 
u.s. increases special operations forces in iraq to spur kurdish rebellion 

rt the wright brothers , not orville & wilbur but cody , jake , jesse and spencer . from http://… 

airbnb shares anonymized data for nyc , shows median host income is about $5k/year 
releases trove of new york city home-sharing 
rt worst " open & transparent " release ever ? data now available " by making appointment to visit " nyc office … 
rt dear " open & transparent " data does not require an appointment to obtain . h/t 
authorities misinformed re : rise of and loss of affordability . sad to see it repeated constantly . 
nyt : anonymized airbnb data for nyc shows median host income is around $5k/yr 
airbnb to release rental housing data to nyc , other cities 
rt . released data on homesharing : … to people who go to its nyc office : 
what about those w/only 1 listing ? mt 75% of $ earned by nyc hosts from folks w/ 1 or 2 airbnb listings . 
ok , i'm getting old ... where is this " trove " of data that airbnb released ? is their blog post the data ? 
does letting reporters simply view a spreadsheet in a secure room really count as releasing data ? 
truth : americans are dealing w/ harsh economic realities . for some , is a way to offset income shortfalls . 
it's not a economy : " 99% of people on in nyc are using it as an economic lifeline . ” 
much hubbub about the " release " of airbnb data . smells pretty non-transparent . piece reads like a presser 
rt airbnb says the typical annual income for a host in new york city is roughly $ 5,110 … 

lin-manuel miranda contributing music to & wars & 
lin-manuel miranda contributing music to ‘ star wars ’ 
one more reason to go see the new star wars : " lin-manuel miranda contributing music to ‘ star wars ’" 
artsbeat | lin-manuel miranda contributing music to ' star wars ' - new york times ( blog ) 
" lin-manuel miranda contributing music to ‘ star wars ’" by andrew r . chow via nyt 
lin-manuel miranda contributing music to ‘ star wars ’ via 
" lin-manuel miranda contributing music to ‘ star wars ’" by r . chow 
nyt : " lin-manuel miranda contributing music to ‘ star wars ’" by andrew r . chow . 
artsbeat : lin-manuel miranda contributing music to ‘ star w ... ♥ buyfb 
pairing hamilton lyrics w/ star wars pics/gifs because : 
hamilton meet skywalker 
artsbeat : lin-manuel miranda contributing to ‘ star wars ’ 
why do you write like you're running out of time , indeed . wrote cantina music for 
han is not throwing away his shot . 

indonesia cites resetting of circuit breaker in 2014 airasia crash : 
there is a reason for rudder limiters 
indo cites resettng circuit breakr ' 14 airasia crash i hope all other pilots know u can't reboot a plane in mid-air ? 
ny times : cites resetting of circuit breaker in 2014 airasia crash 
cites resetting of circuit breaker in 2014 airasia crash : the move led to a … 
indonesia cited the resetting of a circuit breaker in the 2014 crash of airasia flight 8501 
pilot thought he could fix a plane by turning it off and on again . 
cites resetting of in 2014 

cop charged with murder gets a he can afford - so should everyone charged with a crime - 
" officer in chicago shooting is released from jail " 
murderous chicago cop released from jail after other cops pay his bail 
" mcdonald was hit 16 times in 14 or 15 seconds , prosecutors say , and for 13 of those seconds he was on the ground . " 
$1.5 million bond set for in 
$1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting 
( $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting : jason van dyke , charged ... ( 
[ ♥.♥ ] $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting 
( ) $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting via 

the holiday gift guide — picks for kids under 12 and more . 
what will you give your little one this holiday ? 
the holiday gift guide ! i helped ( good thing my kids won’t read ) . 
gifting & guiding has launched thx for including in your travel section ! 
:: 2015 holiday gift ideas and guide 
" the nytimes holiday gift guide — picks for kids under 12 and more . " 
2015 holiday gift guide : ese sandman overture deluxe edition estira como loco . 
gifts season !!! [ 
it's time for the annual " completely ludicrous things nobody can afford " list , aka the ny times ' gift ideas : 
dear santa , this stuff , please >>> 
2015 holiday gift guide via 
2015 holiday gift guide from 
not sure what to get the theater lover on your holiday gift list ? we've got some suggestions . 
cute interactive gift guide , nyt 
rt gifts for food lovers 
my are in the " home " section of the holiday gift guide ! 

on hanukkah , the latke road less traveled : a twist on a holiday tradition calls f ... 
a twist on potato latke ! ... ie : not new , just a potato pancake . 

paul krugman connects raising inequality , urban gentrification , housing prices and wrong kids of land regulation 
inequality and the city 
" in this age of gentrification , housing policy has become much more important than most people realize . " 
high earners are now willing to pay a lot more for central locations that cut commuting time : 
wow . paul krugman finally wrote something that wasn't complete shit . deregulation of land use = cheaper housing :) 
rt . housing + landuse policy are critical levers thru which can lead in fight v . https://… 
paul krugman on land use regulation , housing affordability , and inequality .... 
rt real progresssives who won real nobel prizes support liberalized urban land use policy to fight inequality : … 
and the has grown in recent years w/ housing shifts & 
krugman on why more housing supply is key to more equitable cities . 
rt paul krugman on addressing economic inequality in cities : build more housing via 
from paul krugman , a great look at how land use restrictions increase inequality . 
" the dramatic decline in crime rates ... and the truth is that nobody really knows why that happened " 
rt " and the city , " arguing something must be done about economic inequality in new york city . … 
rt totally agree with paul krugman on this : " ... mainly because land use restrictions are in the way . " 
" is there any way to spread the benefits of our urban renaissance more widely ? " 
not only in nyc : " in this age of gentrification , housing policy has become much more important than most ... realize " 
in the face of rising inequality in cities , " housing policy has become much more important than most people realize . " 
& the city : in this age of is more important than most people realize 
similar situation applies here in philadelphia ; 
krugman says land-use restrictions are the most likely culprit to increasing gentrification in nyc 
rt shorter krugtron : people like to live in awesome places so the poor get pushed out by the rich . 

isis promise of statehood falling far short 
promise of statehood falling far short , ex-residents say 
rt in other not-very-surprising news , daesh are terrible state-builders . great reporting from 
" isis promise of statehood falling far short , ex-residents say " by ben hubbard via nyt 
isis is finding out that onerous taxes and regulations are bad for the economy . 
and a ban on male doctors ’ treating female patients left women in one town with no doctors at all 
life inside islamic state urgently need massive effort in stabilising & rebuilding 2 offer alternative future 
isil promise of statehood falling far short , ex-residents say 
“ we thought they wanted to get rid of the regime , but they turned out to be thieves ” 
rt it turns out being an apocalyptic death cult is not an effective governance model . who knew . 
even in its guardedness the tone here is too optimistic . this is not our golden ticket . 
top story : retweets isis promise of statehood falling far s … see more 
nytimes : isis ’ statehood pledge falling far short , ex-residents say 
“ isis wants to build a new society , but they’ll end up all alone . ” 
i love that isis’s undoing might be excessive taxes and low pay for state employees . running a government is hard . 

a twist on the traditional challah . 
history on a bread : culture and tradition in challah 
ashkenazi jews ruined challah . 
nice story here on challahs old and new , but they missed one . 

security breach at toy maker vtech includes data on - 
" security breach at toy maker vtech includes data on … 
we've seen a few of these types of stories over the last few years . it's concerning as a parent .... 
we'll have craig peterson of tech talk joins us tomorrow on the vtech breach . 
well this is scary . time to mask our data ? 
another layer of concern to an already bad situation . security breach at toy maker includes data on children 
if you have children that use vtech toys beware ! 
at includes data on children via 
apple 
is your data secure ? don't be the next headline ! 
toy maker vtech has been hacked , exposing data of parents and children alike . 
exactly why kids shouldn't have technology until they fully understand how it works and it's risks . 
hack at vtech is disturbing with the lack of security placed on the information . response from vtech even worse ! 
5m+ security breach at hong kong toy maker vtech includes data on children ~ 
another data security breach . parents should be careful providing commercial companies with data about their kids . 
the hong kong company said that personal information of five million people had been compromised , including the ... 
security breach at toy maker includes on children 
security breach at toy maker includes data on children why/how does toy maker get kids ' birthdates ? 
yet another hack attack ... 

young palestinian women join the west bank turmoil 
palestinian women join west bank turmoil " hadeel picked up a pair of scissors & walked ... 
young palestinian women adopt unfamiliar role in seeking to become killers 
ny times : young palestinian women join the turmoil 
young palestinian women adopt unfamiliar role in seeking to attack israelis 
young palestinian women adopt unfamiliar role in seeking to … 
young palestinian women adopt unfamiliar role in seeking to become … 

mayor rahm emanuel is just like pres . richard nixon , conspiring to hide evidence of crime . emanuel should resign . 
mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent - new york times 
chicago police superintendent is fired 
rt rahm fires chicago police chief only thing rahm knows now that he didn't before the election is that … 
rt mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent now fire yourself . mossad agents that ta … 
mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent the public outcry demands swift action against the chief . -jh 
mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent now fire yourself . mossad agents that targeted me linked to u 
breaking news : mayor rahm emanuel has fired chicago’s police superintendent amid criticism over a police shooting 
fall guy . solves absolutely nothing . mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent 
follow the trail , mccarthy from nyc to newark to chicago ; mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent 
rt superintendent is fired is making a difference . 
rt police superintendent is fired : … 
mayor emanuel fires chicago police superintendent let it be known he is still ( wrongly ) being paid ( with pension ) 
mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent - the new york times 
nytimes : in sudden shift , chicago mayor fires top police official 
[ feed ] mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent : the superintendent , garry f . mccarthy , and his ... 
mayor rahm emanuel's silver bullet takes down the police superintendent not sure what it solves 
" mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent " by monica davey and mitch smith v … 
" mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent " by monica davey and mitch smith via nyt 
the tides are turning . 
is truly ' s twin city . as yogi berra said , " it is like deja vu all over again . " 
who else thinks it time for mayor rahm emanuel to resign ? 
in a city beset with problems , mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent 
mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent he should fire himself . 
nyt : mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent over police video 
rt after public outcry , mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago’s top cop . 
mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent everyone who knew about the video and did nothing are guilty ! 
mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent yep ! save your own ass time is now in effect ! 
has shown this issue . mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police chief 
reform please -- “ i’m responsible , ” he said , acknowledging a history of abuse of force by the chicago police . 
top news chicago police superintendent fired ; force faces a review 
mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent that's a start . 
about time mayor made a move now him and alvarez should leave mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent 
rahm should step down ! emanuel fires chicago police superintendent 
mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent about time , and more heads should roll ; corruptions , cronyism 
mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent why are there no protests against gang violence ? 
your " excellent , " but nevertheless fired . ( query : can rahm fire himself ? ) 
mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent : the superintendent , garry f . mccarthy , and his departm ... 

is not the finishing line . it’s the starting point 
" a path for climate change , beyond paris " 
how do we make meaningful carbon cuts ? reports on a path to deep decarbonization . 
a path for change , beyond paris 
top story : a path beyond the paris climate change conference see more 
rt " ... the only answer to this is innovation " -- on bringing to poor countries … 
to limit change : increase . 
this is a must-read on what needs to happen now . while it scratches the surface , top comments pick up some slack . 
apparently , this is our last chance . put another way : “ it can still be done — barely . ” 
a path for beyond 
rt paris pledges lack rdd boost to enable 2030 onward . > 
good read . 
what would a truly ambitious plan to tackle look like ? 
rt /ictp green growth news shows the scale & scope of the transformation challenge . a path for climate change , https : … 
what might a truly ambitious plan to tackle climate change look like ? 
a sobering look at what it will take to stop 

the findings of china’s climate change report 
the findings of china’s changereport : china likely to face significantly higher warming than global average 
the findings of china’s report via 
check out the findings from reports , just ahead of the talks in 
what does climate change mean for china ? 
chinese report : even if 2 degrees is met , temp rises across china will be much higher : 2.7 to 2.9 degrees c 
findings of china’s climate change report china & india response to global warming may be keys to humanity's future 
report reveals china's vulnerability to climate change via 
the findings of climate change report 
if the 2 degree goal is globally met , china's temperature will be much higher = 2.7 ~ 2.9 degrees 
china’s climate change report - the consequences of rising emissions for china 
average temps across china rising faster than global average . findings of china’s climate change report : 
if you think environmental regulations are bad , consider the alternative . findings of china’s climate change report 
average temperatures across china have been rising faster than the global average , says a new report by chinese govt 
china’s climate change report : the future of water and rainfall 
the findings of report 
human -induced activities raise the mercury . 
china's cc findings : warming above global average , precip up , less retaine : findings of c’s climate change report 
super brief of just-released report ( 900-page , 550 scientists & experts ) by 
must read ! " how has affected 900 pages summarised for you in this piece 
even if the goal is met globally , " temperature rises across china will be substantially higher " 
rt china bracing for temperature rises of 3 c , more floods , droughts , and rising seas . nice synopsis from … 

" receding waters in california expose artifacts to plunder " 
another byproduct of california's drought — receding waters in expose artifacts to plundering 
receding waters in calif . expose native american artifacts & archaeological sites to looters : 
receding waters in expose artifacts to plundering : archaeological sites that have rested in peace ... 
receding waters in california expose artifacts and archaeological sites to looters 
archaeological sites that have rested in peace beneath the water for hundreds of years have become visible during the state’s drought leaving them susceptible to looters . 


speaking of murderers , good morning ! 
family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearance 
real estate heir robert durst sued for his wife's disappearance ... is he guilty or innocent ? 
justice is definitely blind ! family of robert durst’s wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearance 
“ i am convinced that there’s no reason i shouldn’t say anything i want to anyone i want ” . 
such an insane story : family of first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearance 
one of the strangest stories , all true . family of robert durst’s 1st wife sues him for $100m in her disappearance 
family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her … track submission 
family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearan - nytimes 
family of robert durst's first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearance 
dating single family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her disa ... 
kesha likes " family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappear … 
the mother and three sisters of kathleen durst , who disappeared decades ago , are employing a rarely cited law to p … 

ever had your mom or some female relative tell you to reach out for some prunes to help you to pay more frequent ... 
ask well : the laxative effect of prunes 
the laxative effect of prunes via 
what gives prune juice , prunes and plums a laxative effect ? via 
why do prunes make us poop ?? 
ever wonder why prunes works so well for 
ask well : the laxative effect of and 
it might be the the sugar alcohol .. sorbitol . 
both prunes and prune juice have a laxative effect that is not entirely understood , but may ... 
both prunes and prune juice have a laxative effect that is not entirely understood , but may … 
in case you ever wondered : the laxative effect of prunes 

take a peek at this year’s notable fiction , poetry and nonfiction , selected by the editors of 
!!!!! !!!! 100 notable books of 2015 
basically , this is our christmas shopping list : 
congrats to my dear friend , i've known for years she was notable , & now the new york times agrees . 
mt take a peek at this year’s notable fiction , poetry and nonfiction , from 
rt have a look ! 100 notable books from 2015 , compiled by . 
100 notable of 2015 
haven't read any of nyt's notable books . maybe becuase we're reading notable books of 1813 :) 
on my list ! mt " jonas salk : a life " by c . decroes jacobs 100 notable books of ' 15 : 
rt upcoming guest named one of the 100 notable books of the year . … 
congrats to on making the 100 notable books list ! 
upcoming guest named one of the 100 notable books of the year . < outstanding ! 
congrats to - new york times just named empire of cotton among the top 100 books of 2015 
here are 100 books that came out in 2015 and are particularly worthy of your time . → 

new york today : the verdict is in - 
well , we knew it , didn't we ?! 
nyt's sue craig on whether the silver corruptoin verdict could change albany's culture 

yawning and the tears that follow - - 
and the that follow - the new york times 
" yawning and the tears that follow " by c . claiborne ray via nyt science 
top story : yawning and the tears that follow see more 

votes in congress move to undercut climate pledge 
votes in move to undercut pledge 
i am so sick of these assholes ! if you vote gop and you think this is good governance , you suck too . 
votes in [ pathetic ] congress move to undercut climate pledge 
these people do not get it ! we are in a climate emergency . 
votes in congress rightly move to undercut obama's lawless climate pledge 
. you should for your family and mine . congress moves to undercut climate pledge 
as obama pushes climate deal , republicans move to block emissions rules ( 
. do you have kids ? you should care and change . congress moves to undercut climate pledge 
rt as obama pushes climate deal , republicans move to block emissions rules 
the pooplikans are at it again ! 
rt obama in paris pushes a climate deal as republicans in washington move to undercut him 
congress votes in washington undercut obama's climate change pledge in paris 
deniers votes in congress to undercut climate pledge , via 
new york times - usa - republicans move to block emissions rules - 
as obama pushes climate deal , republicans move to block emissions rules - new york … 
republicans attack rules on environment : as obama pushes climate deal , republicans move to block emissions rules 
ocean sciences article of the day - obama pushes climate deal ; republicans move vs emissions rules ( new york times ) 
just so we're clear , wyoming has different priorities from the rest of america . 
gop lawmakers are moral equivalent of war criminals . 
as obama pushes deal , republicans move to block emissions rules 
hey republicans don't you know you have to live on this planet too ? 

rt greg fisk , fisheries consultant and new mayor of anchorage , found dead in his residence . 
[ newly-elected mayor of alaska's capital is found dead [ 
in other news ,,,,, 
new york times - usa - newly elected mayor of alaska capital is found dead - 
newly-elected mayor of alaska's capital is found dead 

david letterman , even retired , keeps on interviewing 
beard ! 
let your freak flag fly . david letterman , retired , keeps on interviewing 
it was fantastic , and some of it is here : " letterman , retired , keeps on interviewing " 
re : " letterman , even retired , keeps on interviewing " 
the nyt article about dave at ball state 
david letterman's beard tho 
i think david letterman helped us reach 
attn copy desk . the caption on the 3rd pic here refers to a " mr. bennett . " ? 
mr jonze described his struggles w warner “ i didn’t fully understand how nervous people are when they give you $80m " 
forget 2016 campaign . we need a campaign : letterman , even retired , keeps on interviewing 
good to see the king at it ! 
the ' david letterman experience ' is coming to 
letterman gets bennett miller to say what many men in h'wood secretly feel re : hiring women 
you'll never believe what has happened to david face : he's santa claus ! 
david letterman is doing better interviews at mac schools than anyone else is on tv 
“ if you can call sitting behind a desk and pretending to talk to actors an ‘ experience " , david letterman 
david even retired , keeps on interviewing 

" how to cook american " : 
nytfashionandstyle : mr. food editor finds a classic american dish , weighs in on cooking shows ,... 
how to cook american - new york times 
hey , mr. editor : how to cook american 
brooklyn in the building via nyt 

student protesters self-absorbed and narcissistic , oklahoma college president says . 
student protesters self-absorbed and narcissistic , oklahoma college president says this is a non-story . boring ... 
rt student protesters self-absorbed and narcissistic , oklahoma college president says 
college presidents self-absorbed and narcissistic 
student protesters self-absorbed and narcissistic , oklahoma … 
student protesters self-absorbed and narcissistic , college president says : everett piper of ... 

how the paris attackers honed their assault through trial and error . 
rt riveting and horrifying inside look at how the paris plot unfolded , by & co . … 
so awful to learn that officials knew paris music venues were targets , with concert-goers oblivious . 
the best article i have read so far on how the paris attacks were planned via 
how the honed their assault through trial and error . 
rt how the attackers honed their assault through trial and error 
nyt > orta doğu : state of terror : how the paris attackers honed their assault through trial and erro ... 
alternate title " how our intelligence community can't keep track of its assets " 
rt us & france claimed " no warning " before turns out “ from late summer we knew something big planned ” >> https : … 
rt terrorist attacks involve a kind of engineering , " improved " ( like many technologies ) through trial and error … 
rt abaaoud was in the database of every european country , but returned to europe like he was going to club med … 
rt “ they try , they fail , they learn , they try again ” - important insights from team on the attackers https :/ … 
rt 1/ hard to read new et al piece without thinking about the economist’s leader after the paris attacks . ht … 
rt paris attackers prepared their assault through a process of trial and error , write & co … 
rt confirmation for my early impression paris attackers chose their targets strictly to inflict " maximum casualties " … 
when love to come . state of terror : how the paris attackers honed their assault through ... 
rt the paris jihadists were vetted ! 

as trial began , a ‘ humble ’ assemblyman didn’t appear guilty to several jurors 
as trial began , a & assemblyman didn & appear guilty to several jurors 
a detailed reconstruction of how jury found silver guilty that will restore any wavering faith in jury system : 
ironic : lack of financial disclosure sealed guilty verdict : assemblyman didn’t appear guilty to several jurors 
" twelve angry men " style decision-making process focused on politician silver as a lawyer " who should know better " 
as trial began , a \'humble\' assemblyman didn\'t appear guilty to several jurors - ne 
jurors in silver trial discuss how they reached a guilty verdict 
but when they learned that mr. silver had state grant money sent dr. taub’s way , said bianca maynard , another ... 
“ just because it goes on doesn’t make it right . ” - a juror on the case . another indictment of albany . 
juror no . 6 in silver's trial sums up albany : “ just because it goes on , ” she added , “ doesn’t make it right . ” 
as trial began , a ' humble ' assemblyman didn't appear guilty … 
the new york times : several jurors were initially skeptical of the government’s case . 
as trial began , a ' humble ' assemblyman didn't appear guilty to … 
silver omitting goldberg & iryami from his financial disclosure form led last jury to convict . let that be a lesson ! 

narendra modi could make or break obama’s climate legacy 
india emerges as key player in paris talks 
reading - narendra modi could make or break obama’s legacy ( 
narendra modi could make or break climate legacy via 
india ' s xenophobic government against the world 
idn't find anyone better in india than jairam ramesh to talk on india's stand on the issue ? 
signficant domestic political pressure in india -> brinksmanship by modi government . 
don't fall for the modi enviro-wave , " the proposal would also see india’s carbon pollution triple in coming decades " 
rt modi could make or break obama’s climate legacy can pm move his bureaucrcy to make meaningfl conc … 
modi could make or break obama’s climate legacy can pm move his bureaucrcy to make meaningfl concessions in 
rt modi's green legacy ? india was the last major economy to submit a domestic climate change policy plan ahead of https … 
india's pm narendra modi could make or break president obama’s " climate legacy " 
rt narendra modi could make or break obama’s legacy : fm 
“ they deserve to [ … ] receive billions of dollars to make the transition to cleaner energy . ” uh . not how it works …? 
india is far more at risk from global warming & us neanderthals will use india's attitude to justify doing nothing . 
1/2 : highly patronizing article . makes it sound has responsibility towards climate legacy 
" the more criticism india comes under [ ... ] , the more applause javadekar will get in parliament & elsewhere ” 
. quotes ashley tellis on what to expect from at the paris climate talks 
largest public-private coalition for funding renewable energy announced at 
modi make or break obama’s climate legacy good intention but india needs state of emergency to tackle this issue 
more thoughts from the nyt on us-india cliamte relations . 
under pressure from tata , mahindra & ambani hope modi not 2 compromise national interest over companies biz 

rise in h.i.v. among china’s youth draws attention for 
45,000 new h.i.v. infections per year in u.s. china : 90,000 - 100,000 : 
rise in among china’s youth draws attention for 
on the rise among in 
china's draws some attention to 
fascinating !! who knew about all the gay men ? " rise in h.i.v. among chinas youth draws attention to world aids day " 
rise in h.i.v. among chinese youth raises alarms ahead of world aids day 
sharp rise in hiv infections among young gay men in china draws attention for world aids day 
did you know as of october 2015 , china had about 575,000 people living with h . i . v . /aids ? 
rise in h.i.v. among youth draws attention for 
rise in among youth draws attention 
rise in hiv among china's youth draws attention for world aids day - new york times 
keep in mind those who have left us and are living with hiv/aids . china's numbers are increasing . 
" about 575,000 people living with hiv/aids " - rise in hiv among china’s youth draws attention world aids day 
sexual transmission accounts for more than 92 percent of all new infections , more in line with international norms ,… 
rise in h.i.v. among draws attention ahead of via 
✍ rise in h.i.v. among china’s youth draws attention on world aids day 
rise in hiv among china’s youth draws attention for world aids day 

photos of the day 
pictures of the day : 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day 
your tuesday briefing 
rt sm : morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day 
today's update from the paris climate talks : 
your tuesday briefing , via 
rt your tuesday briefing : paris , xi jinping , donald trump 

" rudolph giuliani cites 9/11 celebrations , but disputes donald trump " 
rt " muslims in nj celebrated the towers falling " has become the new " jews didn't go to work on 9/11 " : 
rudolph giuliani cites 9/11 celebrations , but disputes donald trump - new york times 
nyt : rudolph giuliani cites 9/11 celebrations , around 40 people , but disputes donald trump 
via rudolph cites 9/11 celebrations , but disputes 
giuliani cites 9/11 celebrations , but disputestrump " 911 ! thufferin ' thuccotash ! 911 ! said what ? 911 ! " 
giuliani partly corroborates trump's claim , but also disputes the number . via 
nytimes : rudolph giuliani said there were 9/11 celebrations , but that donald trump exaggerated . 
even rudy giuliani seems to dispute trump's claim of " thousands " taking part in 9/11 celebrations 
first draft : rudolph giuliani cites 9/11 celebrations , but disputes … 
first draft : rudolph giuliani cites 9/11 celebrations , but disputes donald tru ... 

wary of donald trump , g.o.p. leaders are caught in a standoff 
rt courage is the senator attacking trump on background 
get rid of isis ? child pls the party can't even get rid of sir mop hair banana boat 
wary of leaders in standoff : stop effort pervasive at senate’s highest levels 
rt trump unstoppable : panic and paralysis , as realizes is not fading … 
will he ride high into 2016 ? more to come at 
and r candidates repubs & conservs deserve . wary of donald trump , gop leaders are caught in a standoff 
rt susan collins : " trump may bring out people who don’t usually vote , which could be helpful to some of my colleagues ” … 
rt gop establishment hates trump : gop conservatives hate trump : gonna be a … 
rt where is the emergency committee to stop trump ? why that dog isn't barking > 
panic , and paralysis , as gop realizes trump isn't fading 
rs know having trump at the top of ticket would damage their party in 
rt drudge : panic , and paralysis , as gop realizes trump isn't fading ... 
rt both the kochs & paul singer network have discussed a stop trump effort , but neither wants a public spat w him … 
absolutely ridiculous garbage : is the only candidate who can energize the electorate and fix usa 
obama ? --" if you’re a xenophobic , race-baiting , religious bigot , you’re going to have a hard time being president " 
rt we’re gonna get one “ gop leaders panicking over trump ” story per week in major papers until the polls start to move https : … 
courting the idiot demographic , the republican party is finally having serious second thoughts . 
rt hey america , we should pay attention 2 who we elect to our sneaky bastards interfering w … 
rt well this story is just all-around 🔥 : 
trump candidacy : refer to brecht/weill , resistible rise of arturo ui 
i will stand with trumph rather than the back-stabbing-sons-of-bitches republicans any day ! washington — for ... 
the in six words : " irritation is giving way to panic " sadly for the this has applied for many years now . 
pmarca : rt dandrezner : gop establishment hates trump : gop conservatives hate trump : go … 
rt will the gop get rid of trump ? damned if they do , damned if they don't ... 
as gop panic over trump sets in , worth remembering odds are still pretty long he ends up the nominee 
hey , gop elites : you live by the big tent , you die by the big tent . 
reap what is sowed : 

nytimes : suspect mixed religion and rage before planned parenthood attack 
why is it so difficult for the us media to our own terrorists ? 
rt for robert dear , religion & rage before attack every sad angle of patriarchal abuse boiled down … 
the shooter , was a terrorist 
for robert dear , religion and rage before planned parenthood attack 
rt surprise surprise is a serial abuser of women , generally violent , hypocritical , moralizing christian . https : … 
terrorist who attacked planned parenthood is " extremely evangelistic " christian doing " god’s work . " who would guess ? 
rt for robert dear , religion and rage before attack … 
" he is obsessed with the world coming to an end . ” <-- sounds familiar . 
rt once again : what name must we call this sort of terrorism as the first step to defeating it ? https : … 
rt christian assurance is not self-justification . it is knowing a loving god & our brotherhood with all people . … 
meet the man behind the attack what a nutter . 
this profile makes shooter sound like a real monster , who thought he was a follower of christ . 
for robert dear , religion & rage before attack every sad angle of patriarchal abuse boiled down to 1 mess of a man . 
why are you dodging this tweet ? maybe bacuse your fucking wrong and you know it ? 
“ turn to jesus or burn in hell , ” he wrote on one site on oct . 7 , 2005 . “ wake up sinners u cant save yourself u ... 
rt robert dear allegedly raped a woman , cheated on his wives , and praised attacks on abortion clinics as " god's work " : https : … 
rt robert dear mixed religion and rage : a dangerous combo , scary story in ny times 
horrible ! 
the definitive deep dive on the man accused in the planned parenthood attack , written by 
rt robert dear : religion & rage before attack evangelical domestic abuser , supporter of murdering … 
rt more reporting , from nyt , that suggests robert dear a rightwing extremist whose attack likely politically motivated https … 
“ he says that as long as he believes he will be saved , he can do whatever he pleases " religion & rage 
rt gentle no more . nytimes finally does reporting . clinic shooter was wife beater , serial cheater … 
rt planned parenthood gunman profiled . religious , apocalyptic , sinful . sounds familiar : … 
rt like so many other mass shooters , col . killer is a christian : why do we keep letting these people i … 
friends don't let friends religion and rage . 
rt planned parenthood shooter was religious , violent , praised killers of abortion providers . profile by … 
rt turns out he was a who was even part of a terrorist group at one point https :/ … 
robert dear claimed " to be a christian & extremely evangelistic , but did not follow bible in his actions " 

grip on libyan city gives it a fallback option 
isis is moving terrorists to libya , controlling surt . apparently they can move freely , and even visit relatives : 
isis & grip on libyan city gives it a fallback option 
nyt : isis-held territories in libya are now being controlled by isis hq like an actual colony , not just " affiliate " 
rt libya is becoming an isis stronghold , but at least we don't have to worry about gadaffy meddling in african affairs https://… 
meanwhile , isis controls gadaffi's hometown surt if anyone's asked clinton , i haven't seen it 
retweeted plumes singesⓐntifa ( al-baghdadi head of in think to ... 
al-baghdadi head of in think to leave to because airstrikes 
how about isis in control of gadaffi hometown surt . that should be a big deal . 
rt isis establishes a colony in surt , libya , while other militias dither . by … 
libyan city of sirte is now an actively colony of islamic state , giving isis a fallback option for the caliphate 
daesh has exclusive control of 150+ miles of mediterranean coastline ~ 400 miles southeast of sicily : 
isis in libya : there next for air strikes ?? 
could you ask in the hoc if we'll pursue isil into libya , or is forcing them out of syria " success " ? 
rt libya going well then ... " the first public beheadings have started " - isis ’ grip on libyan city 
rt today at 5 , ny times ' eric schmitt joins on this very important article -> isis ' grip on libya … 
rt hardline fighters flocked 2 in 2012-13 ; now making reverse journey … 
rt in public beheadings have started . radio stations no longer play music . … 
rt libya's surt is now an actively managed colony of the central islamic state , crowded with foreign fighters … 
rt isis in libya : public beheadings started . radio stations no longer play music - … 
meantime in 
rt hate ny times ' initial cap headlines . but this is a terrific piece re isis of a kind you never see in the uk press . https … 
libyan city of sirte is an " actively managed colony of the central islamic state , crowded with foreign fighters " 
oh this sounds familiar 
rt isis ' grip on libyan city gives it a fallback option • • 
. fyi : grip on city of increases 
while grip on city of increases 
rt libyan city of surt is an ‘ actively managed colony ’ of possible capital . 
are you an mp . read this , before brimstone bombing , please !! isis grip on libyan city gives it a fallback ... 
fyi grip on city of cc 
rt while uk airstrike advocates focus futile ' gesture bombing ' plans on syria , is is decamping to libya . … 
the almighty f**k up in libya means that bombing syria and iraq still leaves isis a get out 

" leader of taliban splinter group allied with isis is killed " 
leader of splinter group allied with isis is killed 
nyt : 1/12/2015 sec/official says-leader of splinter group mullah mansour was killed in oct 
leader of taliban splinter group allied with isis killed , by david jolly and 
top story : retweets leader of taliban splinter group allied … see more 
mullah mansour dadullah , leader of taliban splinter allied w/isis , killed last month in gunfight w/ core taliban 
leader of allied with is killed - 
leader of splinter group allied w/ is killed , removing a major rival of the 

" in that innocent era , universal triumph of liberal capitalism & democracy seemed assured " those days are gone now 
the last 
the last dalai lama ? : it could only be a matter of time before tibet , too , was free . the dalai lama still trav ... 
pankaj mishra on the dalai lama's transition to a regular buddhist : the last dalai lama ? 
nytimes : the last dalai lama ? 
an insightful piece about the dalai lama and his legacy in the 
" feature : the last dalai lama ? " 
new piece on & how " the future of his office — and of the tibetan people — has never been more in doubt . " 
the last dalai lama ? the future of his office — and of the tibetan people — has never been more in doubt . 
the last dalai lama ? will his holiness the 14th dalai lama be the last ? 
the last dalai lama ? what do you think about this profile of the dalai lama in the new york times magazine ?... 
in case you wanted to learn more about the dalai lama , the man : 
pankaj mishra ruminates despondently on the dalai lama , admires his iconoclasm , and sees little hope for the future . 
the most dugg story of the day : the last dalai lama ? via digg 
rt the last 
rt " the last an analysis of the situation of and … 
‘‘ i feel i can be useful for at least next 10 years . ’’ tells pankaj mishra 
" the last dalai lama ? - the new york times " ( ) 
rt long piece & some boiler plate but pretty balanced . ( weird cover photo tho ) the last dalai lama ? 
the last dalai lama ? the future of and tibetans around the world has never been more in doubt 
rt ' the last dalai lama ? ' - article in on future of and the tibetan people : 
the last dalai lama ? good in-depth story on tenzin gyatso , the 14th and the future of the tibetan people 
the last i agree : western community is a " militant sectarian division " who stalks his holiness . 
an excellent article on the and the current situation in today's by pankaj ... 
an excellent article on and current situation in . " the last dalai lama ? " 
what happens after the last dalai lama ? via 
great read . the last dalai lama ? 
lengthy article with a lot of interesting bits . 
‘‘ nonsense!’’ he thundered . ‘‘ if i am a living god , then how come i can’t cure my bad knee ? ’’ 
" no longer feasible to construct ethical existence on the basis of traditional religion in multicultural societies . " 
thorough but somewhat pessimistic article about current and future role of dalai lama . synopsis of more recent ... 
the dalai lama listened with concern and then said , ‘‘ criticism in india of modi is growing . ’’ 
is this the last dalai lama ? 
an excellent , if rather long read . the last dalai lama ? via 
rt the last dalai lama ? - at 80 , tenzin gyatso is still an international icon , but the future of his office — a ... … 
the last dalai lama ? - at 80 , tenzin gyatso is still an international icon , but the future of his office — and ... 
the mass media's refusal to report tibet's struggle is abominable . glad published >> ' the last dalai lama ? ' 
wine 
the dalai lama says there are 400 million buddhists in china . ( via pankaj mishra articie ) 
pankaj mishra gives us an epic portrait of the aging dalai lama . 
the new york times via digg 

good news - the number new cases of is finally decreasing in the us , but much more work to be done 
new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in the united states 
incidence is dropping in the us 
it's finally entered into the consciousness of our population that a sedentary lifestyle is a real problem-d . nathan 
rt lost in headline - disparities may be worse . can't say it enough . | new diabetes cases begin to fall in u.s. … 
rt great news for our patients and to our medical team new diabetes ca … 
great news for our patients and to our medical team new diabetes cases fall in the us 
we need to sustain the progress ... nytimes : new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in u.s. 
wonder if this is at all aca related ? piece doesn't mention it but .... 
. diabetes in america in on the decline : 
rt yes . the # of new diabetes cases in the u.s. has started to decline , after decades of increases . … 
someone is listening to what we say . diabetes cases are actually reducing . come join the fun ! 
rt new diabetes cases begin to fall in the u.s. ; eating habits , after decades of deterioration , improve 
new cases begin to fall , albeit unevenly , in the us 
good news , but we still have a way to go ! new cases finally beginning to fall in u.s. 
wahoo ! new cases , finally begin to fall in the united states 
new cases , at long last , begin to fall in the united states 
a turnaround as evolves : new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in the us 
from 50 cans of to < 7 a week-less intake & more finally slowing tide of 
the rate of new us diabetes cases fell by 20% from ' 08-'14 , the first sustained decline in 25 years . 
new cases are finally beginning to fall in the us !! via 
excellent news for those in the health care community , new diabetes cases begin to fall in the us 
some encouraging news although the rates don't appear to be dropping significantly among blacks & hispanics . 
and now for some good news , with meaningful shifts in education and in attitude , diabetes rates begin to fall . 
the first world may be getting the mesaage while diabetes still on upward trajectory elsewhere . 
new cases , at long last , begin to in the 

the peculiar ascent of bill murray to secular saint 
a little something to read while you wait for the release of " a very murray christmas " 12/4 : 
love this . bill murray = best . via 
the ( not so , imho ) peculiar ascent of bill murray to secular saint ( c/o 
rt why bill murray is the new che guevara 
" as mr. glazer wrote in his recent vanity fair cover article on his old friend , there is no equivalent for the ... 
how does one resist the coolness of bill murray ? 
bill murray : an excellent article on from today's 
the cult of bill murray is populated with sad white people who are trying way , way to hard to be hip and cool . 
the other brother bill ... 
rt bill murray - the new che guevara ? 
am i the only 1 who totally missed bill murray's supposed " secular sainthood " ?… 
rt san bill murray . 
the peculiar ascent of to secular saint 
you don't have to be " hipsters + sensitive art-school kids " to love bill murray : 
rt bill murray , secular saint : 
there is a real sense bill murray could crash your halloween party . 
how bill murray achieved pop culture sainthood 
crazy that nyt is comfortable reducing dv allegations to a single hyperlink // bill murray , secular saint 

for survivors of paris attacks , mental scars may outlast wounds : 
ne les oublions pas ... paris scars run deep in wounded victims 
most of the wounded and their families , and a large number of medical personnel , are receiv ... 
for survivors of mental scars may outlast wounds 
for of mental scars may outlast wounds 
many survivors of the are seriously injured or still in intensive care ; others have severe ptsd . 
in understanding how terrorism is intended to continue to negatively affect people who experience , directly and ... 
rt " the paris hospitals network ... typically sees only five gunshot patients a year . " let that sink in . … 

dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son ’ tells the story of his mother’s murder . 
beautiful that dave navarro can get around the trauma and remember his mother as she was . 
attn 
new york times piece on our new release mourning son .... 
mourning son tells the story of a boy's journey through trauma to resilience . “ after my mom was killed , i had ... 
gripping : " one of the ways trauma survivors get past trauma is to walk through the ugliness , " dave navarro said . 
dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son , ’ the story of his mother's loss , shows us the healing power of humor thru dark times : 
is more widespread than you realize . dave navarro’s tells the story of his mother’s murder 
dave navarro’s confronts his mother's killer in new documentary . " he's just an old guy dying in jail . " 
. ‘ mourning son ’ tells the story of his mother’s murder , via 
hope i don't have to wait until next to see dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son ’ 
“ i had to dig into the trauma to get to the beauty . " documentary on survivor 
awesome article in the ny times on my man dave navarro's new doc available 12/01/2015 and directed by one of my ... 
his story to tell : dave navarro’s mother was murdered by her ex boyfriend 
not your typical rock star movie 
the most interesting story you'll read this week : dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son ’ the story of his mother’s murder 
i'm excited to watch this but know i will cry ! ‘ mourning son ’ tells the story of his mother’s murder 

‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
coons who love trump also love jesus . ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
rt here's link to nyt piece claiming blacks are " polarized " ( i.e. deeply split ) over trump ; 
‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
‘ love ’ and disbelief follow meeting with black leaders also lies , of course . 
understatement of the day : “ it appears as if he’s a possible racist based upon some of the things he said about ... 
donald trump meeting with black leaders sharpton : " jesus was a refugee ! " he never left his country , rev ! 
donald trump meets with black pastors , gop & reality tv participants 
‘ love ’ and disbelief : trump meeting w black leaders <>< it's clear that can ooze * anything * w a str8 maw 
trump , on meeting black ministers : " they liked me , " was " great love in the room . " were they in the same room ? 
nytimes : ‘ love ’ and disbelief follow trump meeting with black leaders 
nyt says "' love ' and disbelief " , i say wtf ???? also this : " other than the organizer of the event , mr. [ bruce ] ... 
the closing line of this article : i see your sass , and i like it . 
why do we even need " black leaders " or " latino leaders " or even " white leaders " for anyway ? so much stupidity ... 
- ‘ love ’ and disbelief follow meeting with 
blacks endorse trump ? go test this out in the hood ! disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
why in the world would they attend in the first place !!! 
. meeting with black leaders ends with ' love ' and skepticism . 

uncertainty . frenzy . and then donald trump appeared . 
we're expecting a yuuge amount of endorsements . too many to count , like the # of pastors who showed 

what david carr taught us 
" always have something better in the works ” - what david carr taught us 
. " i looked into my notebook from a year ago and it said ' ask questions but ask the right questions . '" 
as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire journalists 
david carr memories former editor anne schindler part of the cult of carr 
‘ you have to break some eggs to make an omelet , ’ 
rt as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire journalis … 

‘ star wars ’ extends to an ancient island 
fever extends to an ancient irish island 
‘ star wars ’ more of a teaser than a spoiler 
‘ wars ’ fever extends to an ancient irish island 
ireland , " star wars , " and the mystical something ... 
from the mists of time .. ' star wars ’ fever extends to an ancient irish island 
so what is ireland's mystical site of skellig michael doing in new star wars ? my guess : retirement home for jedi 
" but now , its relative obscurity seems about to end in a blaze of silver-screen glory . " i love the 
i love this : " but you’d sooner keep a wookiee from roaring than an irishman from regaling a willing audience ... " 
great piece in by our own lucinda hahn highlighting a location that * may * be in the next movie ! 
fun piece in the new york times by our own lucinda hahn highlighting a location that may/may not be in the next sta … 
an ancient irish island , considered one of ireland's most mystical places , may be featured in the new " star wars " 
& irish monasticism . together at last ? 
bloody jedi blow-ins , real monks settled here 1500 yrs ago . ‘ star wars ’ fever extends to ancient irish island 
‘ fever extends to an ancient island 

bernie sanders is making his case to millennials — and everyone else , too . new york times : 
your cool socialist grandpa 
' s political career " comes down to surprising people and exceeding expectations . ” 
📰 your cool socialist grandpa 👉 📢 📢 
bernie sanders : tu abuelo socialista buena onda . your cool socialist grandpa 
. our cool socialist grandpa : he represents an unyielding crusader ... 
" [ sanders ] is a brutally successful political knife-fighter . " hjaffe 
" enter mr. sanders , an almost painfully earnest politician seemingly burdened with the ambition and moral cert ... 
commenters on call bullshit on establishment writer who did latest hit piece : 
in bloodsport of 2-party politics , purity still a less desirable quality than ruthless electability 
bernie sanders , your cool 😎 socialist grandpa 
rt corbyn in uk , sanders in us . seems things are starting to move in the right direction . indian politics ??? … 
yes of course . ' nuance ' and ' issues ' or whatever . but if you had to bullet point it , this headline about sums it ... 
this entire piece is dumb : if lack of foreign policy chops means not voting for 2nd iraq war , then i'll vote 
this piece on is fiyah 🔥 
rt your cool grandpa 
liberal millennials are flocking to him , their cool socialist grandpa . " 
watch the rapidly become the of print with condecending crap like this from - 

in baseball , a sparkling consolation prize 
the said they expected to make nl championship rings , even though they lost the series to the royals . 
rt " mets getting rings for losing world series ? " a well deserved tradition . … 
to the winners , a ring . and to the losers , also a ring . 

jim gaffigan on traveling with kids 🙉 
comedian jim gaffigan on how to travel with five kids 
" comedian jim gaffigan on how to travel with five kids " by kelly dinardo via nyt 
a conversation with the comedian , who took his wife and five children on a monthlong bus tour this summer . 
" traveling with 3- and 4-year-old boys is like transferring serial killers from a prison . " 
road trip ! jim gaffigan , his wife , and a busload of kids . 
love him . comedian on how to travel with five kids 
yep . " we didn’t get a lot of sleep on bus tour " said " but we don’t get a lot of sleep at home anyway ” 
rt . has tips on how to travel with 5 kids ( no , leaving them behind is not one of them ) … 
rt get to know more about comedian before his show here at the garden on 12/12 ! … 
gaffigan : " traveling w/[toddlers ] is like transferring serial killers from prison . you have to be constantly aware . " 

u.s. marine guilty in killing of transgender woman in philippines 
u.s. marine found guilty in the philippines for the murder of a transgender woman . 
u.s. marine guilty in killing of transgender woman in phillipines 
u.s. marine found guilty in the philippines for the murder of a woman . 
us marine guilty in killing of transgender woman in philippines - new york times 
u.s. marine guilty in killing of transgender woman in … 

blood pressure , a reading with a habit of straying 
how to most accurately diagnose high blood pressure , with comments by prof . david maron 
the answer is abpm ! 
blood pressure measured in a doctor’s office can be wrong about half the time : 
" reading blood pressure seems like a simple matter ... but your numbers can change several times a day " via 
do you have high blood pressure ? then read this article and stop asking me stupid questions . 
measuring blood pressure is trickier than a simple cuff , uab expert says via 
is your blood pressure high ? ... more difficult to know than one would think . if yes , do you need treatment ? ...... 
measurement error in blood pressure ( and this doesn't even get into the white coat effect ) 
when blood pressure readings have a habit of jumping 
steady blood pressure ? it can jump around 40 points in a single day . 
2 numbers to make your head swim 
nyt : people with high normal blood pressure risk receiving misleading diagnoses and being treated unnecessarily . 
a reading with a habit of straying via 
his advice to patients is to abstain from obsessively monitoring their blood pressure . 
us preventive services task force : bp measured in a doctor’s office " can be wrong about half the time " nyt : 
health - the new york time blood pressure , a reading with a habit … see more 

rs : mental illness ; ds : guns ; pres : deranged/guns : 
paul ryan pushes changes in mental health care 
paul ryan : mental issues common denominator in shootings . how about guns ? you gonna fix that too ? 
the speaker urged lawmakers to “ do more ” to protect people after the deadly shooting last w ... 
paul ryan pushes changes in mental health care after colorado shooting : the speaker urged lawmakers t ... 
paul ryan pushes changes in mental health care : the speaker urged lawmakers to “ do more ” to protect people aft ... 
i bet if you think really hard you can come up with an even more common denominator . 
obama repeats call for stricter gun laws after colorado shooting . 
rt president obama repeats his call for stricter gun laws after the colorado shooting … 

russians unlikely to attack isis in syria , obama says 
what's going on ny ? russians unlikely to attack isis in syria , obama says - … get found -> 
defends presence at talks while war rages 
obama defends presence at climate change talks while syria war rages 
when has been truthful or right for that matter ... | russians unlikely to attack in obama says 
rt takes climate change seriously , while obstinately builds a massive dump in flood zone a . … 
obama defends presence at talks while syria war rages via 
pres . obama on climate change : “ ... i actually think we’re going to solve this problem " 

trump tells georgia crowd his critics can't take a joke 
donald trump tells a campaign rally in georgia that his critics can't take a joke 
trump tells georgia crowd his critics can’t take a joke 
donald trump “ was in full insult mode at a campaign rally here on monday night as he egged on a man who called ... 
" i'm just joking " seems to be a common deflection . even trump is using it : 
do republicans really want a president who's in " full insult mode ? " trump tells ga crowd via 
" the teeth of that skull gleam and grin horribly . " 
trump has jokes . the sanders one should make political junkies laugh , at least . via 
trump shows no respect for the office he supposedly seeks . 
donald trump calls john kasich a " total stiff " in georgia after ohio gov runs ads critical of him via 
man in crowd shouted president was a “ dumbass , ” trump egging the man on : “ go ahead , say it again — louder . ” 
man in the crowd shouted president was a “ dumbass , ” trump egging the man on : “ go ahead , say it again — louder . ” 
trump egged on a man who called obama a “ dumbass ” and lit into senator bernie sanders — “ may he rest in peace ” 
would that for every mention of t , you give 5 mentions to bernie . rt donald trump ... 
most adults can distinguish an adult joke from an adolescent one . but not all can . 
trump tells rally that his critics can't take a joke fascist bullying is not funny 

how the organizer of the paris attacks slipped through authorities ’ hands 
" from late summer we knew something big was being planned , ” tracing the ringleader of the attacks , via nyt 
scary 
nytimes : how the organizer of the attacks slipped through the authorities ’ hands . 
tracing abdelhamid abaaoud's key movements in the months leading up to 
loading … 
brussels -> aleppo , cologne -> istanbul , athens -> syria , syria -> france : path leading up to 
how the organizer of the slipped thru authorities ’ hands , linked to 4 foiled plots earlier this year 
the organizer of the paris attacks crisscrossed europe and the middle east for years 
organizer was on a belgian watchlist and had been linked to at four terrorist plots foiled this year 
who's to blame ? germany let mastermind slip through to turkey . france/belgium didn't know he returned 
click here " how the organizer of the paris attacks slipped through authoriti … 
nulinhos " by josh keller , haeyoun park and jeremy white via nyt november 30 , 2015 at 03:00 am 

puerto rico begins choosing which debt payments to make 
begins choosing which to make 
puerto rico meets debt deadline but warns of tight finances 

isis followers in u.s. are diverse and young 
nytimes : isis followers in the u.s. are diverse and young , researchers have found . 
56 arrests in u.s. this year related to isis , study says 
rt 56 arrests in us this year for isis plots or support . many are converts , many young . via 
rt 56 arrests in u.s. this year related to isis , study says 
followers in u.s. are diverse and young - the new york times 
isis/daesh followers in u.s. are diverse and young - much as is the case in other western countries 
study : followers in u.s. are diverse & young - vast majority not 
rt 56 arrests in the u.s. this year related to isis , study says . reports … 
" islamic state " followers in u.s. are diverse , young and drawn heavily from 
56 arrests in u.s. this year related to isis , but no typical profile , study says 
and , the say islam is a peaceful religion . americans have nothing to fear from our muslim neighbors . 
56 arrests in grouping this quantity related to belief , human activity says 
some legal avenues must be developed/invented to permanently " eliminate " these threats to our safety ! 
make that teenage girls and college students . i got nothin ' for hardened militants and criminals . 
new study looks at u.s. arrests related to isis 
56 arrests in us this year related to isis , study says - new york times 

tahir elci , human rights defender 
the killing of a human rights defender in turkey underscores gthe growing challenges facing kurds there 
retweeted nicholas kristof ( the killing of a human rights defender in turkey underscores gthe ... 
killing of a kurdish bridge builder in turkey -- 
a beautiful tribute to from always interesting 
tahir human rights defender 
wilson , woodrow , turkey , kurdistan workers ' party , human rights and human rights violations , kurds , murders , attem … 
cale saleh on , human rights defender 

the curious incident of the duc t-t aped dog on facebook 
not everything you do in your life must be posted to social media . especially the terrible things - 
animal rights supporters are increasingly playing detective online , calling out abuse and calling the authorities . 
the curious incident of the on facebook 
well now the nytimes picked it up so they need to care ! 
media alert : this incident made it into the ny times !!! be aware of how you treat other living beings . social ... 

photos of the day 
pictures of the day : 

readers debate the wisdom of pursuing a lost 
true ! " more fun to imagine lost romances than to plug away at real one ... imaginary romance is light , fluffy & airy . " 
" we don’t have many chances to find love , let alone true love . " 
on lost loves : we all have at least one , right ? would you pursue yours ? 
these are funny - you can tell which were originally posted on fb & * clearly * meant for a particular person to see : 
" we don’t have many chances to find true love . take that leap of faith , you may be surprised " , i love this column ❤ ️ 

cultural institute puts us all onstage great new performing arts project -- total immersion in performance 
rt the google cultural institute is using 360-degree video to put you onstage with ballerinas … 
google cultural institute puts us all onstage | 
rt to sit amid the musicians of the philadelphia orchestra , just hit play . google puts viewers onstage by h … 
360-degree video featuring the philadelphia orchestra 
retweeted paul carvill ( “ google provide the gee-whiz technology ... ” 
rt “ google provide the gee-whiz technology ... ” 
technology is amazing . performing it live is even better ! 
we love technology and what it can do , but we know for real what it's like to be in the middle of a symphony ! 
[ nyt theater ] puts us all onstage 
rt go onstage with 360° video of dance my story : … 
can we simply say " ooooooooh " ? check out the google cultural institute , here ! 
google gives you 360 degree access to stages and performances all over the world ! 
cool google initiative to improve access to performing arts . would be even better to see more silicon valley $$$ ... 
seems to be a vr moment for perf arts 
when tech meets art and culture and customer experience , everyone wins 

auto emissions control comes in various forms . by and 
argued for easing new on 
vw argued for easing new e.u. tests on emissions 
vw argued for easing new eu tests on emissions - new york times 
" such topics must be deleted , " volkswagen executive emailed european commission on new emissions tests 🚗💨 
das auto and its lobbyists : volkswagen is actively shaping new eu car emissions tests . with 
" such topics must be deleted . " internal email shows how volkswagen pushed for changes to new eu car emissions tests : 
volkswagen is making some strides in regards to emission efforts . 
new tests , meant to more closely reflect real-world driving conditions , are to take effect in 2017 . but they face … 

chris christie gets a homegrown rebuttal to the nh union leader endorsement 
" at home , chris christie hears a dissenting newspaper voice " 
at home , chris christie hears a dissenting newspaper voice ~ via 
well this is embarrassing ... at home , chris christie hears a dissenting newspaper voice 
rt no endorsement imminent from the star-ledger : at home , chris christie hears a dissenting newspaper voice … 

no sex , please . i have a game tomorrow . 
famous , manly men have weird sexual habits , the reports . 
ha haaha ha ... ha ha ...... ha ????? is this a joke this is a joke right 
lol ! very interesting article about pre-game practices : no please . i have a tomorrow . 
" sex blackout " is such a severe term 
will russell wilson's public abstinence affect his football season ? a look at the history of celibacy in sports : 
caption of the day 
“ i have to ease off on making love when writing hard as the two things are run by the same motor . ” hemingway 
russell wilson has taken a public vow of celibacy . will it help him on the field ? via 
seattle seahawks quarterback russell wilson has taken a public vow of celibacy . will it help him on the field ? broadway joe says no . 

rt if you were mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan , tell us how you would give away $45 billion , and why ? 
how would you give away your fortune ? : 
rt this is mark and priscilla chan 2 give away 99% of their $45b in sto … 
" if you were zuckerberg and chan , how you would give away $45 billion . " it will actually be hard work ! 
this is mark and priscilla chan 2 give away 99% of their $45b in stock 

spain’s prized ibérico hams can’t cure fast enough for 
huge success of iberico pork in china shows asian appetite for western specialty foods : 
spain’s ibérico hams can’t cure fast enough for china i've not yet seen any legs at sheung shui station but ... 
this is a great ' china in the world ' piece - on china's growing appetite for spanish ibérico ham 
europe ( uk ) top story : spain’s prized ibérico hams can’t cure fast enough for c … see more 
iberico hams & china similar to why the dungeness crabs are so expensive now . 
spain’s prized ibérico hams health+quality of life of animals ! spanish v american v chinese perspectives 
spain's prized ibérico hams can't cure fast enough for china - new york times 
spain’s prized ibérico hams can’t cure fast enough for via 
prized ibérico hams can’t cure fast enough for china 

the good old days of the gold standard ? not really , historians say 
the second coming of the cross of gold . ( seriously , why flirt with such an awful economic idea ? ) 
“ the real world is a complex place , ” 
there are so many " econ 101 " reasons why the gold standard is a terrible , destructive idea . and yet . and yet . 
the good old days of the gold standard ? not really ,… 
rt in 2012 , university of chicago asked 40 economists whether gold standard would improve avg lives . all 40 said no . htt … 
the good old days of the gold standard ? not really , historians … 
any story with a william jennings bryan reference ( and pic ) is ok with me ! the good old days of the gold standard ? 
some republican presidential candidates have urged a return to the gold standard to restrain government spending , but experts say it’s not that simple . 

savory tarts to win over a sugar-shy holiday crowd - - 

what did not say was equally potent during trip to africa ... 
pope francis ends african trip with visit to a mosque - 
pope francis ends visit to africa with visit to a mosque 
top story : with raymond pope francis ends african trip with vi … see more 
" together , we must say no to hatred , to revenge and to violence . " 
ended his trip to africa with a visit to a mosque i wish more leaders would visit mosques 
physical entity francis ends african abstract entity with entity to a physical entity 
pope ends african trip with visit to a mosque : francis ’ six-day swing through … 
ny times : pope ends african trip with visit to a mosque 

the 2016 pirelli calendar may signal a cultural shift 
the 2016 may signal a cultural shift 
doing something new for their calendar . finally . 
rt “ i thought it was a joke . " fran lebowitz , ( pirelli ) calendar girl : 
rt one of the exceptions to the fully-dressed rule in 2016 pirelli calendar is serena williams ht … 
the 2016 calendar may signal a cultural shift 
“ we are in the midst of a perfect storm of cultural icons and politics and hollywood , ” ms. zimmerman said .... 
" i do not associate tires for my tesla w/ amy schumer in any way ” - pirelli calendar why do i read comments !?? 
incredible to see such strong and amazing women in a calendar like this . 
rt took a long time but has finally happened . powerful female characters on 2016 pirelli calendar . keep it this way https … 
" who uses a calendar anymore ? it has to stand for something else . ” 2016 pirelli calendar may signal cultural shift 
rise of the " shero " ... 2016 pirelli calendar signals a cultural shift 
the 2016 pirelli calendar is interestingly impressive . i want one ! 
2016 pirelli calendar a cultural shift . my favorite athlete , my former boss , my favorite comedian , etc 
the new pirelli calendar , the rise of the " shero " impossible to ignore the empowerment of women . 
" besides , who uses a calendar anymore ? it has to stand for something else . ” 
w/playboy’s decision 2 end nudity & the pirelli pivot = real substance-we're flexion pt in female objectification 
now here is a pinup calendar we can get behind ! 
no words needed ! 
the 2016 pirelli calendar - this time , without the nude models 
i can't express my admiration enough for the 2016 pirelli calendar ... it's inspirational . check it out . 

i got 4 out of 5 : .. didn't quite get the graph question , but i'll look at that again when i'm more awake . 
how hard is new york’s algebra exam ? 
i love math quizzes ! 
the way algebra is taught nowadays is o_o 
i got 4 out of 5 , but i just rushed the graph one that i missed . 
remember those tough algebra problems from your youth ? here are some sample questions from this year's new york ... 
5/5 . nice . 
have you taken algebra quiz ? was scribbling formulas on pen and paper last night . 
these are not bad at all , and with the exeception of one ( in this example ) , all represent a real world ... 
i got 2/5 right on this , the first and last questions . yup , i still suck at algebra : 
i got 4/5 on this . so annoyed at myself . i rushed the last question and didn’t check my work . 
5/5 without calculator or even scratch paper . suck it . 
to fix they changed the test : ouch . we change the learning : 
ny / region|how hard is new york's algebra exam ? - new york times 
waiting for my meeting to start so i decided to take this alegbra quiz to pass time take it everyone it's fun haha 
how hard is ny's algebra exam ? 
i daresay the average singaporean high schooler should ace these . rt how hard is new york's algebra exam ? 
when your hubs is a math teacher & u show him this article & suddenly ur doing algebra together on a mon night lol 
( 1/2 ) the posted a 5-question algebra quiz with 0 further insights about the individual questions 
rt question no one asks about this math : why should students care about solving problems like these ? 
couldn’t resist algebra test . got 100 on my algebra regents a long time ago . only 4/5 correct this time ! 
sample test questions from new york's algebra exam . i got 2/5 . 
not surprisingly , i cannot recall how to do any of this : 
could you pass new york's new algebra i regents exam ? 
seriously americans , if this is your high school algebra exam you're fucked up . 
i would not be comparing it to " average " standards , i would be comparing it to the highest global standards ! the sam … 
but will either company be around that long ? 
* quiz * how hard is exam ? i am a writer , so numbers are not my friend . but i still scored 5/5 . 
will you do better than 37% of new york students on the algebra test ? 
i got 3 out of 5 on the regents algebra quiz . not sure i'm college ready . 
want to be disappointed by how much smarter you used to be ? take our high school algebra quiz ! 
could you pass the regent's algebra exam ? take the quiz . 
do u think exam is too hard ? try quiz to get a sense 4 yourself : 
rt could you pass the regent's algebra exam ? take the quiz . 

