facts are not an element for some candidates . 
fact checks of the 2016 election 
anonymous t1m35 : fact checks of the 2016 election see more 
interesting - fact checks of the 2016 election 
fact check : donald says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
well , this is fun , and horrible 
fact checks of the election - the new york times 
the herald news took pains to discredit what paterson officials were calling “ hateful gossip . ” 
fact check : marco rubio says ted cruz undermined intelligence programs 
fact checks of the 2016 usa elections 
" it is not ... anything that can be seen or heard or handled , but .... something that is imagined " 
one fact-checker to rule them all : today launches the first column as our in-house " doubting thomas . " 
caught in a ( gasp ) fib . he should never become a tv psychic 
love nyt fact checking what the candiates saying for the next us pres election . 

why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
rt why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. - the new york times 
rt why it takes two years to screen syrian refugees trying to get into the us 
good information on the current screening process in place for syrian refugees → 
rt why syrian refugees must wait two years to enter the united states . 
rt syrians already subject to additional checks than other refugees . here's the process : … 
why it takes 2 years for to enter the u.s. via 
rt why it takes 2 years for to enter the u.s. -- an overview of the complete vetting process : … 
an examination of the actual timeline and review of refugee applications , whether from syria or some other ... 
rt worst possible way to smuggle in terrorists . 
why it takes two years for to enter the u.s. 
rt explanatory/visual article on the 2-year process behind syrian refugees entering u.s. 
ever wanted to understand why it takes about 2 years for to enter the u.s. ? 
rt in the 4 years since 2011 , the us has admitted less than 2,000 syrian refugees . germany takes more in a single day . htt … 
a 20 step process , trump out with 14 , for sure : why it takes 2 years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
rt the ny times looks at the current vetting process a refugee must go through before being relocated to the u.s. … 
rt the 20-step , two-year process for syrian refugees to settle in the us . required reading for candidates . … 
rt too bad there isn’t this stringent a process for screening out fear mongering politicians . 
rt here's why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the united states … 

meet some of our top commenters 
rt meet the nyt's top commenters . this is an amazing group of humans : 
. wades into one of the most dangerous places of all on assignment for the ny times : the comment section . 
i love this : meet some of top commenters : 
rt meet the top commenters at including the 95-year-old wwii vet who responds in poetry . … 
love this feature -- instead of slamming/disregarding commenters , want you to meet some of them : 
this is awesome . : " meet some of our top commenters " 
rt the ny times respects and touts people who post excellent comments . maybe this is why there are exc … 
meet some of nyt's top commenters 
rt “ i see that no one has said what i’m thinking , and i’m like , ‘ wait , i can’t be the only person . ’” on commenting : … 
love because i always read the comments . meet some of our top commenters cc 
love this : meet some of our top commenters 
the times profiled their top commenters and identified them by their screennames i love this so much ahhhh <3 
rt unexpected 
rt love this post by profiling some of their top commenters . 
who are the commenters in comment sections ? interviews top commenters but fails to analyze their influence . 
meet some of our top commenters uhhh i'm obsessed with this piece 
if only all commenters were this thoughtful . 
top story : meet some of our top commenters see more 
a real slice of humanity : here are some of the top commenters , including chelsea handler's brother 
meet some of our top commenters - the new york times 
i'm included here : " meet some of our top commenters " 
interviewed and took some photographs of some of its top commenters . i thought it was really cool 
" meet some of our top commenters " by bassey etim via nyt nyt now via 
update : meet some of our top commenters see more 
meet some of our top commenters ( larry eisenberg is 95 yrs old ? ) the new york times 
rt this is cool . the highlights their top commentators 
this is different , and awesome : profiles of top contributors to the -- their commenters : 
this is adorable : 
rt this is a brilliant way to help build a valuable community via 
rt well done the new york times . an excellent exercise in audience engagement . 
this is a fun read . i'm fascinated by pretty much everything about internet comments . 
the news york times profiles some of the most influential contributors to 
rt this is so lovely . long live comments . - via 
meet the top commenters from the 
stories like this are why i love the new york times [ even ] more than free refills and filthy basslines . 
meet some of the top commenters 
a minister . an engineer . a former lobbyist : the profiled a few of its most influential commenters . 
rt i love it : does a story about its top commenters 
meet some of the new york times top commenters 
rt love this . meet some of top commenters 
put faces to the names of commenters at the 
rt love this : the nyt profiles its top reader commenters . long have i wondered about socrates in verona nj ! … 

syrian town of kobani , which managed to expel isis with kurdish help , is trying to rebuild itself . heart-warming 
town of kobani , scarred by isis , strives to rebuild 
town of scarred by , strives to rebuild 
rt kobani , syria , is trying now to overcome the deep scars of war and rebuild 
kobani journal : town of kobani , scarred by isis , strives to … 

a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
i was once sick on a train . but the conductor just put me off in mineola and pointed to a hospital . 
" a voice over the intercom delivers the bad news ... your train is delayed because of a sick passenger . " 
a hated phrase that riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
on the subway , one rider's illness is many riders ' delay . ' there has to be a better way to handle it . ' 
somehow the ny times avoids asking why people feel it necessary to ride the subway while sick . sick leave , anyone ? 
a hated phrase that nyc subway passengers are hearing w/ increased frequency : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ' sick passenger ' - new york times 
this is the result of nyers not being more proactive and team-oriented in carrying sick people off everyone suffers 
can't always blame people for being sick . mta should better inform passengers what to do when they're feeling ill 
the ~ greatest city on earth ~ deserves way better than the inept and ancient mta mafia 
guys ! sometimes nyc subway riders get sick , causing delays , which annoys other new yorkers , and the times is on it . 
sick passengers causing nyc subway delays jump to 3,000 a month , from just 1,800 in 2012 : 
insightful tale of the mta's proverbial sick passenger , w/ transit-beat-mandated kicker . 
‘ sick passenger ’ : a phrase that subway riders hate 
this morning 
nyc subway risks . “ it just doesn’t make sense to delay thousands of people over one sick passenger . ” 
i once elected to throw up on platform at w 4th rather than be a much loathed " sick passenger " 
our nyc subway ads got a little face time in this piece about the increasing sick delays :: 
we've all cursed those " sick passenger " delays on the nyc subway . here's what's really going on : 
rt these are the words no new york subway rider wants to hear . 
" sick passenger " train delays have nearly doubled since 2012 
rt “ if you got sick , would you want someone to step over you & say : i’m late to get to macy’s ? ” … 
why can't they be just taken off the train until help arrives ? a hated phrase : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
" i'm late to get to macy's " is the most new york times reason to be annoyed on a train delayed by a sick passenger 
. on what's up with " sick passenger " delays on the subway : 
this is really a great week for stories about the subway . via and 
nyc subway workers are instructed to announce a suicide on the tracks as a " police investigation " 
" sick passengers " are causing more delays than ever on but do we know what exactly is going on ? 
yes , there have been more subway delays because of sick passengers , discovers 

breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest 
rt breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest 
rt breast-feeding is good for mothers protects women from a particularly vicious cancer ; “ reset ” button f … 
not new theory . revisited reality . mammals . breastfeeding is about repro rights/autonomy . 
rt from diabetes , cardiac , cancer , and metabolic differences , breastfeeding could be good for the health of the ... … 
breast-feeding is good for mothers protects women from a particularly vicious cancer ; “ reset ” button for metabolism 
let's emphasize all that's good for moms about breastfeeding , not let people focus on mothering . 

randall munroe's fans include bill gates and neil gaiman . his new book is " thing explainer . " 
randall munroe explains it all for us 
what would happen if a pitcher threw a baseball at 90% the speed of light ? 
" [ audience ] expanded .. to include mainstream readers who are curious about how stuff works " 
randall munroe , former nasa roboticist and creator of xkcd , explains it all for us 
how does randall munroe explain it all ? procrastination helps . fun profile of best-selling cartoonist 
randall munroe from explains it all for us 
if you can’t explain something simply , you don’t really understand it - bill gates 
rare 

twitter cats to the rescue in 
twitter cats to the rescue in brussels lockdown -- this is amazing 
in face of terror , post awesome belgian effort to keep leaks . & 
rt twitter cats to the rescue in brussels lockdown 
rt of all the belgium lockdown twitter cats this may be my favorite . story here : … 
twitter cats to the rescue in via 
i have new found love + appreciation for belgians as they fight terror w/ cats 
cats takeover the lockdown in brussels . 
cats ( okay , sometimes dogs , too ) own the internet : to the rescue in brussels lockdown 
icymi : police ask belgians not to tweet about to flood they instead tweet cat pictures . 
tweets beaucoup de in answer to lockdown . 
cats will save the world : twitter cats to the rescue in 
humorous cats to the rescue in brussels lockdown ! 
. i assume this'll be the subject of your next dispatch - twitter cats to rescue in brussels lockdown 
solidarity through cat photos ? 
hehe .. i love this . twitter cats to there rescue . 
twitter to the rescue in lockdown 

nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
nets ' disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
it could always be worse ... a lot worse : 
" nets ' disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse " via 
great story idea , but man is it over-written 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps … 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting … 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics … 
porzingis yesterday , nets ( pierce/garnett ) today . from sublime to ridiculous 

pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel 
"" by unknown author via nyt 

heartbreaking story of what happens to the lives of women who become isis moral police . as with every form of ... 
and enforcers in recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
isis women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
food for thought : portrait of life in a war zone - recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
syrian horror story . 
rt how three women survived the islamic state , and then escaped . 
rt inside isis : great revelatory piece .. dont miss it : 
how three women became members of isis ' morality police [ via 
rt inside raqqa , the city hollande is so willingly bombing . not syria anymore . just a cage for many innocent people . … 
rt amazing detail in this piece on raqqa ( preis/post is ) ie fighters ' wives take birth control so bab … 
pretty gripping tale of isis women and enforcers in syria , couldn't stop imagining if it were happening to me . 
rt women in syria recount forced marriage , brutality , anguish and escape -a harrowing read - brave journalism https://… 
a compelling , factual and very informative tale , to help gauge the rationale if any and driving force behind the cho … 
rt powerful accounts of three women who've watched life in raqqa utterly change under jihadist control : 
wow . a look inside the tough choices women have to make in isis-occupied areas 
rt fascinating story about the mundane transition of three normal syrian girls into isis enforcers in raqqa … 
3 excellent articles on isis and women : 2 ) sobering nyt piece on the experience of two women stuck in syria . 
what's happening in syria sounds too similar to the rise of the nazi party in the 1930s 
women's role in isis is one i struggle to comprehend provides this insightful recounting of some who escaped 
how to live in an islamic state , or be whipped or die . 
these young women's experiences with daesh constitute the counter narrative . 
such an account by real women . reminds us that these are three dimensional ppl . 
an awesome story of 3 women working as khansa brigade members in isis . their previous lives , marriage & final escape 
very interesting article about isis . 
put away your dystopian novels - reality is worse : isis women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration 
" too much blood has been spilled on all sides " : a story of women who were the enforcers of isis 
what do you think ? 

" a side serving of science for your next birthday party " 
a side serving of for your next birthday party thanks 
watching popping balloons with a high = speed camera : 

agriculture linked to dna changes in ancient europe 
a crop of mutations . how farming escalated human evolution . good insights : by 
piece by on the massive 230-person ancient dna study , looking at 6,000 years of natural selection : 
genome analysis of ancient dna links agriculture with dna changes in europe 
" how agriculture may have changed the skin color and height of ancient europeans " 
decoding european dna . milk digestion , skin color , height & invaders . via 
you are what you eat ? well , not exactly , but apparently we are who we are because of what they ate , 8,500 years ... 

thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right 
too hilarious for words . " thanksgiving with college students : fantasy , reality , & getting it right " v 
the counter : filthy . the laundry : in the entry . the glasses ? all gone . your kid is home from college : 
thanksgiving with your college student ... 
newly minted college students , adult in their minds and kids to their parents , are coming home . how to cope : 
they want to see friends . you want to see them . they're becoming adults . you miss your kid . college visits : 
college students coming home for the first time ? it may not be what you expect , but it can still be great ; 
thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality ... or back home ballers 
" i had been a parent for nearly 20 years . if i learned only one thing it was to pick my battles " . 
you send your anxious , excited freshman away in the fall . who's the person walking in the door for winter break ?... 
when your kids ' first college visit isn't exactly how you thought it would be : 
your child & thanksgiving . as with all else , you know your child & family best so do what works for you ... 
with aged kids is tough : here's one parent's outlook . 
parents of college students : read before they get home for thanksgiving via 
fantastic . a must-read . thanksgiving w/ college students : fantasy , reality , & getting it right via 

the original adele — mailer , that is : “ i decided i was going to be that beautiful temptress who ate men alive . " 
adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer , dies at 90 
rt nyt obit for adele mailer , who then-husband norman mailer stabbed after she said he wasn't as good as dostoyevsky … 
adele mailer , --" she had a romance with jack kerouac " -- the artist who married norman mailer , dies at 90 
adele mailer , norman mailer's ex-wife ( who he stabbed ) & daughter of typesetter , dies at 90 
some said " the point of no return came when she told her husband that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " 
brooklyn in the building via nyt 
the nyt obituary for adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer 
mrs. mailer embraced the downtown arts scene and a bohemian lifestyle . in 1960 , her husband stabbed her in the heart . 

re-imagining the food supply , w poultry & dairy cows in the open air : putting chicken before egg by 
putting the chicken before the egg 
terrific story on pastued eggs . 
improving the eggs before they are hatched 
✍ improving the eggs before they are hatched nytimes 
china news- improving the eggs before they are hatched 
( improving the eggs before they are hatched : while still a minuscule portion of t ... ( 
how to improve eggs before they are hatched 
the market , while still small , is growing fast for pastured eggs , which means that hens live in housing that allows them to spend much of their day in open pasture . 

rt fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : … 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader 
fired living thing sues construction benghazi organisation and its living thing 
fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : via 
via nyt > middle east 
benghazi committee investigator sues over his firing 
former benghazi committee investigator for republicans sues over his dismissal 

" extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 decades " 
rt a u . n . -backed climate meeting starts next monday in paris . more than 120 national leaders are set to attend … 
events on the rise with extreme weather tied to over 600,000 
rt un report : weather disasters injured 4.1 bn people in last 20 yrs , caused trillions in damage , and will keep rising https … 
rt powerful article : extreme tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 decades https :/ … 
ny times : extreme tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 decades 
weather disasters killed more than 600 , 000 , injured 4.1 bn people in last 20 yrs , caused trillions in damage . 
rt the u.n. is warning that the frequency and impact of weather-related disasters will rise 
extreme weather tied to 600,000 + deaths over 2 decades ; events occurring at the rate of ~ one per day . 
ocean sciences article of the day - europe : extreme weather tied to 600,000 deaths over 20 years ( new york times ) 
don't let the drama in distract you from the crucial event next week - 
weather-related disasters in the past 2 decades have killed more than 600,000 people & they are only getting worse 

rt no oversight for laboratory-developed tests means they are inaccurate & dangerous : 
f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs . 
funny , i was just reading this story as you tweeted me that one . 
can't really imagine congress letting the fda spread its wings , but hey , you never know . 
" the right regulation would separate good from bad tests and encourage use of the better ones . " 
fda targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs - new york times 
f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests . so many tests = surrogates of doctoring . when will listening be in vogue ? 
“ patients have been demonstrably harmed or may have been harmed by tests that did not meet f.d.a. requirements " 
f.d.a. targets inaccurate and unreliable medical tests , citing dangers and costs 
science ! 

rt without the pledges , global temperatures would likely jump more than 8ºf by 2100 . … 
the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
this swift explainer on the paris climate talks was designed for mobile readers : 
beautiful interactive : the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
the climate change pledges are in . they are still not good enough . 
nearly 200 countries will meet in paris in early december to work on the global agreement addressing ... 
rt what countries have pledged before the climate talks in paris start next week : … 
rt the change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? - great new interactive from … 
top story : with raymond the climate change pledges are in . wil … see more 
good interactive on climate change pledges . if nothing else , highlights need for novel post-2030 strategies&thinking 
much too little , far too late . 
the are in . are they sufficient to stop 
ruh roh . ( thanks ted . ) 
climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? depressing interactive 
the pledges for co2 reduction would limit global temperature rise to 6 degrees f 
the change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? - the new york times 
new interactive feature from ny times : the change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
curious how the climate talks in paris are going ? check it out ! ( they're not going well enough ) 
top story : retweets the climate change pledges are in . will … see more 
top story : info & news the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anythin … see more 

in france , some see the police security net as too harsh - 
meanwhile , the french , us , & russian bombing in middle east continues , radicalizing more " terrorists . " 
it is disheartening to watch people so easily cowed into giving up their liberties for the illusion of security . 
french push broad sweep forsuspects after attacks ; concerns over liberties ... 
rt extraordinary response by france to isis attack . precedent for cameron if it happened here https : … 
sad day for france as they let the " terrorists " & fascist govt turn their country into a lawless police state . 
' some ' implied as few , compared to a more likely wary many 
with expanded police powers extended for three more months , some , particularly muslims , qu ... 

joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing " joyous " in isis ? 
joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? via 
joyce carol oates on isis : what is clear is that human beings can't live for long without meaning in their lives . 
the new york times quoted none other than redkahina in its article about joyce carol oates ' isis tweet lmao 
the author was criticized after she posed a question on twitter about the islamic state . 

snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold . more photos from monday 
rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold . more photos from monday http … 
rt a soldier patrolled an empty mall in brussels on monday . much of the city was closed … 
rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold in the north of the country https … 
pictures of the day : belgium and more 
belgium and elsewhere : pictures of the day 

endangered white rhino nola dies at ... | 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park ( liam stack / new york times ) 
only 3 northern white rhinoceroses left on earth 
endangered white rhino dies at zoo safari park - only 3 nothrn white rhinos left 
and now there are only three . " endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park poaching , " civil " wars , human indifference . rip nola 
sure , when it is a white rhino , the media cares . 
nola , one of only four known northern white rhinoceroses , died on sunday at the san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left in the world : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left ... blows my mind endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park - new york times 
and then there were three . endangered dies at san diego zoo safari park 
sad side of science -endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zo o-o nly 3 known yet to exist . 
and then there were 3 - devastating 
sad news to hear that the endangered white rhino nola died at safari park 
this is truly sad : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered northern white rhino dies at san diego zoo this weekend . only 3 left in the world 
anf then there were three : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
there are only 3 white rhinos remaining on this planet . endangered white rhino nola dies 
breaks my heart : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
" endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " by liam stack via nyt science 
and then there were three : nola , one of the last white rhinos , died in san diego 
rip dear nola ! you must have been so lonely ... endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
this is what extinction looks like . 
rt awww . then there were 3 : nola , one of the last white died in san diego 
this leaves only 3 white rhinos , poachers would have it at 0 - endangered white rhino dies at san diego zoo 
the last three known northern white rhinoceroses live at the ol pejeta conservancy in kenya , where they roam in a ... 
3 white rhino left on earth ! death at san diego safari park 
3 white rhino left on the earth !! death at san diego safari park 
northern white yesterday there were only four in the world , today there are three . 

engineering mosquitoes ’ genes to resist 
engineers mosquito genes to resist malaria really cool visual , bug eyes and all 
gene drive technology could eliminate malaria : pnas open-access paper : 
" it’s hard to see any ecological downside to protecting the mosquitoes against the malarial parasite . " 
" engineering mosquitoes ' genes to resist malaria " 
disappointing piece . engineering mosquitoes to resist malaria zero risk discussion . no balance or depth . 
a big story if easy to overlook , w/ cause for hope ( may wipe out malaria ) & trepidation ( uses crispr to do it ) 
understatement du jour ? gmo mosquito " biologists are keen to avoid surprises that might arouse public hostility " 
engineering genes to resist 

planned parenthood sues texas in dispute over funding for clinics 
planned parenthood sues texas in dispute over funding for … 
planned parenthood sues texas in dispute over … 
the group called the action by texas , which has some of the toughest abortion restrictions in the country , politically motivated and without merit . 

how the $pfe-$agn deal ranks by equity value , no . 3 behind vodafone-mannesmann and aol-time warner , says 
how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks 
actually , $4.1 t in 2007 = $4.7 t today , so m&a in 2015 has not eclipsed 2007 
the new york times article - how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks 
additional ?! er , primary . " for pfizer there was an additional motivation , lowering its tax rate by moving to dublin " 
the deal between pfizer-allergan biggest in history between pharmaceutical companies ..... 
rt $155 billion of pfizer and allergan is the largest of all time 
$155 billion of and is the largest of all time 
with an equity value of $152 billion , the merger is the largest since the heady days of 2000 . 

donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals 
george pataki , et al . bravely fight for equal airtime with donald trump on saturday night live 
first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for … 
rt wow . trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals . 
first draft : donald trump's hosting of ' s . n . l . ' means equal airtime for rivals 
( first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for riv ... ( shaquille ) 

