" wary of donald trump , g.o.p. leaders are caught in a standoff " 
rt wary of donald trump , g.o.p. leaders are caught in a standoff 
" somebody do something ! " " why not you ? " " heavens no -- trump would be mad at me . " 
" if [ trump ] carries this message into ... ohio , we’ll hand election to hillary . " - to 
rt most interesting part of new piece is that some in gop establishment fear cruz more than trump … 
irritation giving way to panic as it becomes increasingly plausible that trump could be the party’s standard-bearer . 
a donald trump , ted cruz ticket might hit 20% nationally 
my top story : wary of donald trump , g.o.p. leaders are caught in a standoff see more 
wary of donald trump , g.o.p. leaders are caught in a standoff " we can't say anything we don't want to get bullied " 
rt both the kochs & paul singer network have discussed a stop trump effort , but neither wants a public spat w him … 
rt lindsey graham tells that trump is " a xenophobic , race-baiting , religious bigot " 
amazing that all these guys who claim they will stand up to putin admit to being too scared to stand up to trump . 
rt the temporary pain of his ridicule , or the endless sorrow of hillary clinton . your choice . 
back in my old note-writing days , we would call this a " must-read " by ( cc : 
rt it's pretty uncharacteristic for rich republicans to realize it would be futile to spend a bunch of money on ads . … 
put me on permanent staff and i'll unwind donald and save the party . 
almost everyone in the party’s upper echelons agrees something must be done , and almost no one is willing to do it . 
rt gop establishment sounds like they're having a lovely primary 
anti-trump gop in washington have no idea what to do because most of them are afraid of him . just how he likes it . 
“ if you’re a xenophobic , race-baiting , religious bigot , you’re going to have a hard time being president . " 
the nyt is doing some seriously impressive reporting today : 
many top gopers agree something must be done to stop trump's candidacy , but almost no one is willing to do it 
rt “ irritation is giving way to panic ” for gop as trump holds steady , reports in smart piece : 
wary of donald trump , gop leaders are caught in a standoff - new york times 
rt republicans around the country are freaking out about trump , but the ones with money are scared to challenge him : … 
are big gop donors really afraid of being berated by why ? via 
god bless you for getting this bit on the record . 
a certain name is conspicuously absent from this pre-mortem : 
rt . answers the question everyone has been asking : why hasn't the gop establishment kneecapped trump ? … 
rt new : top republicans fear downballot wipeout if trump is nominee , but are divided on what to do . my story > … 
rt striking divide tween senate/house on trump : i found far less concern among house rs , even from nrccs https://… 
in new york times piece , sen. lindsay graham , r-sc , describes gop candidate donald trump as ' xenophobic ,... 
rt why , besides fear , is there no stop trump push ? some leading gopers want him to hang in , deny cruz from consolidating https://… 
a gop strategist replied to an email about trump’s impact by sending a link to a wikipedia page on the ' 64 elections 
" ... viewed unfavorably by 64 percent of women and 74 percent of nonwhite voters ... " 
rt i really can't think of a more fitting comeuppance for establishment republicans than this https://… 
may be unstoppable , which is very good news for 
trump v . gop : politics are getting tense 
wary of trump , g.o.p. leaders are caught in a standoff - nyt 2thepointsocrates reply 
strong photo by kevin d . liles on this nyt trump story . 
it's not new , but still crazy that the norm now is for candidates to look to donors to spur action , not the reverse . 
if gopers don’t push back as hard as graham , trump will do irreparable damage to the party . 
+see gop leaders fear trump is " a xenophobic , race-baiting , religious bigot " ht 
rt republicans fear down-ballot armageddon with trump as nominee , and say so to > https://… 
too funny ! even republicans who don't like think ted cruz is worse !! haha ! 
lamar is right , it's best to ignore trump & choke him from his political oxygen . 
rt " everyone in party’s upper echelons agrees something must be done & almost no one is willing to do it . " http … 
“ he’s keeping cruz where he is , ” scott reed , a veteran republican strategist , said of mr. trump . 
rt a gop " panic " at prospect of trump nomination & losses across ticket : " we'll hand electon to clinton . " http … 
gop leaders , on the record , are worrying about down-the-ticket impact of donald trump as nominee 
rt gop establishment agree nomination would be disaster , but scared he will mock them … 

adele on love , fame , ego and ‘ 25 ’ 
adele on love , fame , ego and ' 25 ' - new york times : new york times adele on love , fame , ego and ' 25 ' new york times … 
the british singer and songwriter talks about her changing voice and why she prefers albums to singles . 
adele has everyone talking . here's what she's saying . 

rise in among china’s youth draws attention for 
rise in h.i.v. among china’s youth draws attention for 
on the rise among in 
china's draws some attention to 
fascinating !! who knew about all the gay men ? " rise in h.i.v. among chinas youth draws attention to world aids day " 
rise in h.i.v. among chinese youth raises alarms ahead of world aids day 
sharp rise in hiv infections among young gay men in china draws attention for world aids day 
did you know as of october 2015 , china had about 575,000 people living with h . i . v . /aids ? 
rise in h.i.v. among youth draws attention for 
rise in among youth draws attention 
rise in hiv among china's youth draws attention for world aids day - new york times 
keep in mind those who have left us and are living with hiv/aids . china's numbers are increasing . 
" about 575,000 people living with hiv/aids " - rise in hiv among china’s youth draws attention world aids day 
sexual transmission accounts for more than 92 percent of all new infections , more in line with international norms ,… 
rise in h.i.v. among draws attention ahead of via 
✍ rise in h.i.v. among china’s youth draws attention on world aids day 
rise in hiv among china’s youth draws attention for world aids day 

u.s. marine guilty in killing of transgender woman in philippines 
u.s. marine guilty in killing of transgender woman in phillipines 
u.s. marine found guilty in the philippines for the murder of a transgender woman . 
u.s. marine found guilty in the philippines for the murder of a woman . 
us marine guilty in killing of transgender woman in philippines - 
u.s. marine guilty in killing of transgender woman in … 
so if it was just a woman or just a man this wouldnt be a headline ... but because its a ladyboy now there's a story 
this is ridiculous ... this man killed a trans-woman bc she was trans . how is that not treacherous ? 
way too lenient sentence " the few the proud .. " : u.s. marine guilty in killing of woman in philippines 

the 2016 pirelli calendar may signal a cultural shift 
wow the tho ! powah up ... instead of the boobies ! the year of women continues ! what a great 
the attempt to re-engineer male attraction is running at full steam at pirelli : rip beauty 
the 2016 calendar may signal a cultural shift 
good work , pirelli : celebrate achievement over beauty 
not convinced signals ' cultural watershed ' for female sexual agency , but it's clearly hit a nerve 
features " sheroes . " smart is beautiful . 
" who uses a calendar anymore ? it has to stand for something else " -the 2016 pirelli calendar signals a cultural shift 
the 2016 may signal a cultural shift 
if you're taking cues about feminism from brand calendars , you're looking at the wrong end of the candle for fire . 
. 2016 calendar represents a cultural shift , redefining what it means to be a " pin-up " girl . 
the 2016 is just so much the and shots are everything 
progress ? new kind of pirelli calendar was unveiled , showcasing 12 fully clad women chosen for their achievements 
never thought i'd say i want a pirelli calendar - but i do . the 2016 pirelli calendar 
more on the pirelli calendar . 
pin-ups w/intellect , cultural significance + beauty . great move ! 
wow ! 2016 calendar celebrates female like 
one step forward with the pirelli calendar one step back with kylie jenner . god society . 
rt the 2016 pirelli calendar signals a cultural shift 
rt “ i thought it was a joke . " fran lebowitz , ( pirelli ) calendar girl : 
rt i love the new pirelli calendar ; it's finally time that women get celebrated for achievements that aren't beauty . https :/ … 
the 12 world-changing women of the 2016 learn how it's shifting culture here : 
great news for women being taken for their accomplishments : 2016 pirelli calendar may signal cultural shift 
2016 pirelli calendar may signal cultural shift . " it is impossible to ignore the of j . zimmerman 
celebrating the achievements of women . 60 years ago , and the 2016 pirelli calendar . 
the 2016 pirelli calendar is breaking tradition for all the right reasons 
" perhaps clothed women are going to have a moment " ( also , tavi gevinson <3 <3 ) 
" … the first time the attraction of the subjects is in their résumés , not their measurements . " 
a new kind of pirelli calendar based on achievement via 
strong was the new skinny . i wish brain will be the new stong . go 
" this is the first time ... the attraction of the subjects is in their résumés , not their measurements . " 
i was going to ask if serena knew she'd be the only mostly-nude celeb ... then i got to amy ... heh . 

u.s. increases special operations forces fighting isis in 
rt u.s. increases special operations forces fighting isis in iraq 
us increases special operations forces fighting isis in iraq - new york times 
u.s. increases special operations forces in iraq to spur kurdish rebellion 
via nyt > middle east 
newsweekus increases special operations forces fighting isis in iraqnew york timeswashington — the pentagon is ... 

steady blood pressure ? it can jump around 40 points in a single day . 
blood pressure , a reading with a habit of straying 
when blood pressure readings have a habit of jumping 
2 numbers to make your head swim 
nyt : people with high normal blood pressure risk receiving misleading diagnoses and being treated unnecessarily . 
a reading with a habit of straying via 
his advice to patients is to abstain from obsessively monitoring their blood pressure . 
us preventive services task force : bp measured in a doctor’s office " can be wrong about half the time " nyt : 
health - the new york time blood pressure , a reading with a habit … see more 
blood pressure - how should we measure it ? masked htn . nocturnal non-dipping , also bad for cv outcomes . 
measuring it once is a relatively simple task . measure it again and again , and you might find yourself on a … 

obama repeats call for stricter gun laws after colorado shooting 
president obama repeats his call for stricter gun laws after the colorado shooting 
obama repeats call to make guns less accessible after planned parenthood shooting 
president obama added that while political debate about abortion is legitimate , it should be done “ without demonizing organizations like planned parenthood . ” 

pres . obama on climate change : “ ... i actually think we’re going to solve this problem " 
obama defends presence at climate change talks while syria war rages 
rt read the text , not the headline rt obama defends presence at climate change talks while syria war rages … 
obama defends presence at climate change talks while syria war rages - new york times 
obama defends presence at climate change talks while syria war rages : if global temperatures continue to incre ... 
sexenio obama defends presence at climate change talks while syria war rages : if global temperatures ... 

100 notable books of 2015 - 
100 notable books of 2015 by the new york times . 
100 notable books of 2015 from make reading more your 2016 resolution ! 
congrats to - new york times just named empire of cotton among the top 100 books of 2015 
here are 100 books that came out in 2015 and are particularly worthy of your time . → 
rt 13% of nytbooks 100 notables of 2015 are congrats , contribs & christina macsweeney ! https://… 
let the annual " best of " lists begin ! what were some of your favorites this year ? 
rt killing a king makes * and * top books of 2015 lists … 
let us know if there's something here you would like to read and we don't own . we'll be sure to add it to the ... 
love love love end of year book lists and and 
. notable books of 2015 includes german novel the truth and other lies by sasha arango 
it's " best of " list time again . or : how to feel like a stupid slacker who apparently reads nothing but crap . 
congrats angela flournoy & valdez quade for making the 2015 100 notable books list ! 
rt the nyt notables list is out ! congrats https :/ … 
is next on my list . 100 notable of 2015 
bummer . i didn't make the list . 

rt the wright brothers , not orville & wilbur but cody , jake , jesse and spencer . from http://… 

the security industry looks to argentina for digital talent via 
in a global market for hacking talent , argentines stand out 
highlights of a great conference captured by was proud to participate at 
“ cheating the system is part of the argentine mentality ” argentina : the best place to find hackers ! 
in a global market for stand out 
rt in a global market for talent , stand out 
in a global market for talent , stands out 
i disagree . argentine coders are prized for their quality & their broad scientific , artistic and political awareness 
rt our work with and the amazing argentinian talent got featured on by … 
“ cheating the system is part of the argentine mentality " ( looks like written by jorge batlle ) /via 
who knew argentines made good " hackers " ? i did . proud brother of an awesome silicon valley wiz 
the hacker capital of the world ? 
rt great coverage of nyt of argentinian hackers by 
rt yay got featured by for the 
rt .. demoed a 0day flaw onstage that some here estimated would have sold for six figures " oh ?! why they didn't tell me https://… 
“ have a reputation for | 

lin-manuel miranda contributing music to ‘ star wars ’ 
artsbeat : lin-manuel miranda contributing music to ‘ star w ... ♥ buyfb 
pairing hamilton lyrics w/ star wars pics/gifs because : 
hamilton meet skywalker 
artsbeat : lin-manuel miranda contributing to ‘ star wars ’ 
why do you write like you're running out of time , indeed . wrote cantina music for 
han is not throwing away his shot . 

rt riveting and horrifying inside look at how the paris plot unfolded , by & co . … 
how the paris attackers honed their assault through trial and error - 
rt " there are currently 1,595 jihadists in the europol terror database " 
feature : how the attackers honed their assault through trial and error : via 
contending with isis “ dartboard terrorism " -- hurling multiple lethal darts at a distant target until 1 hits the mark 
rt us & france claimed " no warning " before turns out “ from late summer we knew something big planned ” >> https : … 
a plot honed by trial and error 
for months , investigators had been intercepting suspicious calls originating near pangrati , a neighborhood of athens 
the colossal ( and ongoing ) intelligence failures in advance of paris . 
" mr. abaaoud’s father said his son began showing signs of extremism after a stint in prison . " 
attackers trained for a long time prior to the attack 
rt the paris jihadists were vetted ! 
“ they try , they fail , they learn , they try again ” - important insights from team on the attackers 
thorough , superb reporting on paris attackers 
rt confirmation for my early impression paris attackers chose their targets strictly to inflict " maximum casualties " … 
rt how the attackers honed their assault through trial and error 
this is the best breakdown of the paris attacks that i've read so far 
rt nyt with a detailed account of how paris attackers planned , travelled and communicated 
rt zut ! usb crypto munition a la isisnowden 
how the paris honed their assault through trial and error - the new york times 
chilling account of how paris attackers honed assault through trial and error - 
rt abaaoud was in the database of every european country , but returned to europe like he was going to club med … 
rt ps . seems paris attackers did try to use encryption . but also flew around europe despite being in every database . … 
1/ hard to read new et al piece without thinking about the economist’s leader after the paris attacks . 
“ abaaoud was in the database of every eu country , but he returned to europe like he was going on vacation . " 

ironic : lack of financial disclosure sealed guilty verdict : assemblyman didn’t appear guilty to several jurors 
a detailed reconstruction of how jury found silver guilty that will restore any wavering faith in jury system : 
" twelve angry men " style decision-making process focused on politician silver as a lawyer " who should know better " 
as trial began , a \'humble\' assemblyman didn\'t appear guilty to several jurors - ne 
as trial began , a ‘ humble ’ assemblyman didn’t appear guilty to several jurors 
jurors in silver trial discuss how they reached a guilty verdict 
but when they learned that mr. silver had state grant money sent dr. taub’s way , said bianca maynard , another ... 
“ just because it goes on doesn’t make it right . ” - a juror on the case . another indictment of albany . 
juror no . 6 in silver's trial sums up albany : “ just because it goes on , ” she added , “ doesn’t make it right . ” 
as trial began , a ' humble ' assemblyman didn't appear guilty … 
the new york times : several jurors were initially skeptical of the government’s case . 
as trial began , a ' humble ' assemblyman didn't appear guilty to … 
silver omitting goldberg & iryami from his financial disclosure form led last jury to convict . let that be a lesson ! 

after attack , republicans keep lying about planned parenthood 
after attack , republicans keep hammering planned parenthood 
i nominate as the ugliest , most delusional , self aggrandizing , opportunistic pos of 2015 . 
the american taliban continues to rally its violent supporters . 

to end mass shootings , police face greater danger 
training to act decisively in mass shootings & de-escalating in ordinary standoffs are huge policing challenges . 
a sense that police are not supposed to act like the military " has just , all of a sudden , evaporated . ” great story . 
rushing to end mass shootings , police confront greater danger 
on society's dual needs of extreme patience against smaller crimes and extreme decisiveness against violent ones 
new york’s tactical shift on terror attacks : don’t wait for backup 
“ 1 minute we expect them to be de-escalating ... the next minute we expect them ... to take on a suicide bomber . " 
" police officials are aware that statements on counterterror tactics are often read by those seeking to attack ... " 
excellent look at the complexity and difficulty of being a police officer today 
being trained to rush into situations , but de escalate others . 
police confront danger lacking maturity - males shouldn't be eligible as cops until age 33 - females age 28 . 
new york's tactical shift on terror attacks : don't wait for backup 

" i'm just joking " seems to be a common deflection . even trump is using it : 
do republicans really want a president who's in " full insult mode ? " trump tells ga crowd via 
donald trump tells a campaign rally in georgia that his critics can't take a joke 
" the teeth of that skull gleam and grin horribly . " 
trump tells georgia crowd his critics can’t take a joke 
trump tells georgia crowd his critics can't take a joke 
nauseating . using in worst poss way . " donald trump tells georgia crowd his critics can’t take a joke " 
trump has jokes . the sanders one should make political junkies laugh , at least . via 
trump shows no respect for the office he supposedly seeks . 
donald trump calls john kasich a " total stiff " in georgia after ohio gov runs ads critical of him via 
first draft : donald trump tells georgia crowd his critics can’t take a joke : donald j . trump was in full attac ... 
man in crowd shouted president was a “ dumbass , ” trump egging the man on : “ go ahead , say it again — louder . ” 
man in the crowd shouted president was a “ dumbass , ” trump egging the man on : “ go ahead , say it again — louder . ” 
trump egged on a man who called obama a “ dumbass ” and lit into senator bernie sanders — “ may he rest in peace ” 
would that for every mention of t , you give 5 mentions to bernie . rt donald trump ... 
most adults can distinguish an adult joke from an adolescent one . but not all can . 
trump tells rally that his critics can't take a joke fascist bullying is not funny 

signficant domestic political pressure in india -> brinksmanship by modi government . 
narendra modi could make or break obama’s climate legacy 
don't fall for the modi enviro-wave , " the proposal would also see india’s carbon pollution triple in coming decades " 
rt narendra modi could make or break obama’s climate legacy ( via 
rt modi could make or break obama’s climate legacy can pm move his bureaucrcy to make meaningfl conc … 
modi could make or break obama’s climate legacy can pm move his bureaucrcy to make meaningfl concessions in 
rt modi's green legacy ? india was the last major economy to submit a domestic climate change policy plan ahead of https … 
india's pm narendra modi could make or break president obama’s " climate legacy " 
narendra modi could make or break obama’s legacy 
“ they deserve to [ … ] receive billions of dollars to make the transition to cleaner energy . ” uh . not how it works …? 
india is far more at risk from global warming & us neanderthals will use india's attitude to justify doing nothing . 
1/2 : highly patronizing article . makes it sound has responsibility towards climate legacy 
" the more criticism india comes under [ ... ] , the more applause javadekar will get in parliament & elsewhere ” 
. quotes ashley tellis on what to expect from at the paris climate talks 
largest public-private coalition for funding renewable energy announced at 
modi make or break obama’s climate legacy good intention but india needs state of emergency to tackle this issue 
more thoughts from the nyt on us-india cliamte relations . 
under pressure from tata , mahindra & ambani hope modi not 2 compromise national interest over companies biz 
narendra modi could make or break obama's climate legacy - new york times 
narendra could make or break climate legacy - 
india could make or break obama’s climate legacy 
could make or break legacy 
narendra modi could make or break obama's state transferred possession 

" officer in chicago shooting is released from jail " 
murderous chicago cop released from jail after other cops pay his bail 
" mcdonald was hit 16 times in 14 or 15 seconds , prosecutors say , and for 13 of those seconds he was on the ground . " 
$1.5 million bond set for in 
$1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting 
( $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting : jason van dyke , charged ... ( 
[ ♥.♥ ] $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting 
( ) $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting via 

the hnba supports all efforts to strengthen economic conditions of homeland for millions of us citizens 
puerto rico avoids its first major default , but warns that it has run completely out of $$$ - 💰💰💰 
has averted a financial disaster for now . cong action is needed to give relief 2 families on the island . 
[ puerto rico meets debt deadline but warns of tight finances [ 
ny times : meets debt deadline but warns of tight finances 

high-salt warnings on new york menus to start tuesday 
high- warnings on new york menus to start tuesday 
high-salt warnings on new york menus to start tuesday 
what do you think about high-salt warnings on ny menus ? 
fuck you , gouvernments . 
new york implements high-salt warnings symbols on new york menus 

the holiday gift guide — picks for kids under 12 and more . 
what will you give your little one this holiday ? 
the holiday gift guide ! i helped ( good thing my kids won’t read ) . 
gifting & guiding has launched thx for including in your travel section ! 
:: 2015 holiday gift ideas and guide 
" the nytimes holiday gift guide — picks for kids under 12 and more . " 
2015 holiday gift guide : ese sandman overture deluxe edition estira como loco . 
gifts season !!! [ 
it's time for the annual " completely ludicrous things nobody can afford " list , aka the ny times ' gift ideas : 
dear santa , this stuff , please >>> 
2015 holiday gift guide via 
2015 holiday gift guide from 
not sure what to get the theater lover on your holiday gift list ? we've got some suggestions . 
cute interactive gift guide , nyt 
rt gifts for food lovers 
my are in the " home " section of the holiday gift guide ! 

giuliani cites 9/11 celebrations , but disputestrump " 911 ! thufferin ' thuccotash ! 911 ! said what ? 911 ! " 
rudolph giuliani cites 9/11 celebrations , but disputes donald trump 
rt " muslims in nj celebrated the towers falling " has become the new " jews didn't go to work on 9/11 " : 
giuliani partly corroborates trump's claim , but also disputes the number . via 
nytimes : rudolph giuliani said there were 9/11 celebrations , but that donald trump exaggerated . 
even rudy giuliani seems to dispute trump's claim of " thousands " taking part in 9/11 celebrations 
first draft : rudolph giuliani cites 9/11 celebrations , but disputes … 
first draft : rudolph giuliani cites 9/11 celebrations , but disputes donald tru ... 
( first draft : rudolph giuliani cites 9/11 celebrations , but disputes donald ... ( shaquille ) 

dec . 1 marks a milestone : it's time for christmas cookies ( via 
rt make the pie dough today , and it will be one less thing to worry about on thursday ( via … 
rt for many , thanksgiving is one big excuse to eat lots of stuffing ( 
rt this is the perfect finish to a thanksgiving feast ( via 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day 
your tuesday briefing 
rt sm : morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day 
today's update from the paris climate talks : 
your tuesday briefing , via 
rt your tuesday briefing : paris , xi jinping , donald trump 

56 arrests in u.s. this year related to isis , study says 
rt 56 arrests in u.s. this year related to largest number of arrests since 9/11 , study says 
nearly five dozen people in the united states for helping to support or plot with the islamic state , 
i shall stop reading this 
they're coming for our children !!!! 
--> 56 arrests in this year related to , study says 
sweet . i think , mr. president , isis has advanced from jv to varsity 
us makes 56 isis-related arrests this year . most terror arrests since 9/11 
arrests in u.s , related to isis : 
rt 56 arrests in the u.s. this year related to isis , study says . reports … 
56 arrests in us this year related to isis , study says - new york times 
this year alone , 5 dozen people in us arrested to helping to support or plot with isis : study says 
and obama wants to let in 85,000 more ? when does the idiot learn that they want to kill us so don't let any of ... 
56 arrests in u.s. this year related to study says 

inequality and the city 
excellent read : inequality and the city via 
high earners are now willing to pay a lot more for central locations that cut commuting time : 
from paul krugman , a great look at how land use restrictions increase inequality . 
" the dramatic decline in crime rates ... and the truth is that nobody really knows why that happened " 
rt " and the city , " arguing something must be done about economic inequality in new york city . … 
rt totally agree with paul krugman on this : " ... mainly because land use restrictions are in the way . " 
" is there any way to spread the benefits of our urban renaissance more widely ? " 
not only in nyc : " in this age of gentrification , housing policy has become much more important than most ... realize " 
in the face of rising inequality in cities , " housing policy has become much more important than most people realize . " 
& the city : in this age of is more important than most people realize 
similar situation applies here in philadelphia ; 
krugman says land-use restrictions are the most likely culprit to increasing gentrification in nyc 
shorter krugtron : people like to live in awesome places so the poor get pushed out by the rich . 
krugman : " in this age of gentrification , housing policy has become much more important than most people realize . " 
a golden age from — if you can afford the via 
" this is an issue on which you don’t have to be a conservative to believe that we have too much regulation " 
" [ i]n this age of gentrification , housing policy has become much more important than most people realize . " 
somebody check his meds : argues against gov't regs ? there might be hope for humanity yet ! 
interesting . this can be replicated for . when i returned here , i said east nashville was williamsburg 
rt . housing + landuse policy are critical levers thru which can lead in fight v . https://… 
rt inequality drives gentrification and high housing prices in our cities 

guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s political culture 
don't hold your breath : guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s political culture 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany's political culture 
according to one lawyer , their client is innocent as " that is the system new york has chosen . " this speaks ... 
rt at the very least , advocates predicted , the silver verdict could have a chilling effect on albany legislators : … 
. wants to talk reform after shutting down moreland ? that's richer than the people's pockets he lives in 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany & political culture 
ny state assembly exspeaker convicted on all counts - time to change the " fetid atmosphere " 
reformers in albany may be spurred by silver verdict , via 
“ the bell could not be ringing louder for real reform in albany than it is right now ” 
making it harder to prove white-collar crimes 
rt imwhitneyblack : guilty verdict is a spur to would-be ... | … 
preach , 
" but on monday , as mr. silver’s name was scrubbed from the assembly website & removed from his office door ... " nyt : 
“ money seems to be the root of all of the evil in politics ” 
will silver conviction be the scandal to finally end albany corruption ? 
albany reform may not be entirely out of reach , thanks to silver verdict 
lol . sure government-watchdogs optimistic silver conviction will lead to closing campaign funding loophole 
like skimming one floating turd off the surface of the albany mafia cesspool >> albany’s political culture 
guilty is a spur to would-be of political culture 
if we can't push through real ethics reform in albany now , it will never happen . this is a call to action ! 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s political … 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s… 

" meet tumblr’s 15-year-old secret keeper " 
meet tumblr's 15-year-old secret keeper . cute story , but good god those messages are heartbreaking . 
rt meet the 15-year-old behind the dear my blank she has collected 17,000 letters that people will never send https : … 
the internet is full of secrets , and 15 yr old emily collects them 
rt the internet is full of secrets , and 15 yr old emily collects them 
fb users complained this story is too buzzfeedy . parents also ask why their tumblr-hooked kids don't have book deals 
meet 15-year-old secret keeper 
meet tumblr's 15-year-old secret keeper - new york times 
the teenage girl who keeps all of the internet's secrets : 
rt up to 100 people a day are sharing sad messages with a teenager in ohio . 

rt greg fisk , fisheries consultant and new mayor of anchorage , found dead in his residence . 
[ newly-elected mayor of alaska's capital is found dead [ 
in other news ,,,,, 
new york times - usa - newly elected mayor of alaska capital is found dead - 
newly-elected mayor of alaska's capital is found dead 

we've seen a few of these types of stories over the last few years . it's concerning as a parent .... 
security breach at toy maker vtech includes data on - 
we'll have craig peterson of tech talk joins us tomorrow on the vtech breach . 
well this is scary . time to mask our data ? 
another layer of concern to an already bad situation . security breach at toy maker includes data on children 
if you have children that use vtech toys beware ! 
at includes data on children via 
apple 
is your data secure ? don't be the next headline ! 
toy maker vtech has been hacked , exposing data of parents and children alike . 
exactly why kids shouldn't have technology until they fully understand how it works and it's risks . 
hack at vtech is disturbing with the lack of security placed on the information . response from vtech even worse ! 
5m+ security breach at hong kong toy maker vtech includes data on children ~ 
another data security breach . parents should be careful providing commercial companies with data about their kids . 
the hong kong company said that personal information of five million people had been compromised , including the ... 
security breach at toy maker includes on children 
security breach at toy maker includes data on children why/how does toy maker get kids ' birthdates ? 
yet another hack attack ... 

david letterman , even retired , keeps on interviewing - - 
letterman gets bennett miller to say what many men in h'wood secretly feel re : hiring women 
you'll never believe what has happened to david face : he's santa claus ! 
david letterman is doing better interviews at mac schools than anyone else is on tv 
that beard tho ! ( cc : 
“ if you can call sitting behind a desk and pretending to talk to actors an ‘ experience " , david letterman 
david letterman's beard ftw 
mr. letterman compared his beard to that of charles darwin via 
david even retired , keeps on interviewing 

tahir elci , human rights defender 
the killing of a human rights defender in turkey underscores gthe growing challenges facing kurds there 
wilson , woodrow , turkey , kurdistan workers ' party , human rights and human rights violations , kurds , murders , attem … 
cale saleh on , human rights defender 

well now the nytimes picked it up so they need to care ! 
the curious incident of the duc t-t aped dog on facebook - - 
media alert : this incident made it into the ny times !!! be aware of how you treat other living beings . social ... 
the pet avengers of facebook score another victory 

according to this dude is also more like jesus than most right wing christians 
" whoever says “ i know him ” but does not keep his commandments is a liar , and the truth is not in him . " ( 1 john 2:4 ) 
a measured response this time to murders seemingly inspired by a perverse fundamentalist interpretation of religion 
excellent ny times reporting about the past of robert dear , the colorado springs planned parenthood killer : 
for robert dear , religion and rage before planned parenthood attack 
top story : for robert dear , religion and rage before planned parenthood attack see more 
tweet find : for robert dear , religion and rage before planned parenthood attack see more 
rt for robert dear , religion and rage before planned parenthood attack 
accused colo shooter robert dear a hot mess of ex-wives , kids out of wedlock , religiosity and lots and lots of guns . 
rt robert dear " had praised people who attacked abortion providers , saying they were doing ' god’s work . '” … 
rt co shooter previously praised ppl who attacked abortion providers , " doing gods work " & " heroes " 
rt special report : the suspect in the colorado rampage was a recluse who longed for women , and mixed religion with rage … 
for robert dear , religion and rage before planned … 
rt more reporting , from nyt , that suggests robert dear a rightwing extremist whose attack likely politically motivated https … 
rt breaking : planned parenthood shooter praised abortion terrorists 
for robert dear , religion and rage before pp attack <>< the typical face of terrorism : 
rt so he’s not a transgender liberal activist , then . 
rt robert dear hated abortion , but we knew that given he shot up a planned parenthood clinic . why though ? … 
rt alleged planned parenthood gunman : “ he claims to be a christian ... but does not follow the bible in his actions . " https : … 
let's trace back the source of his adultery , pornography , wife beating , lying etc . one word you won't find : church 
the times gets a lot of deserved grief but stuff like this is totally essential and unequaled by any other outlet 
this is what an american christian terrorist looks like . religion and rage before planned parenthood attack 
" he was a man of religious conviction who sinned openly . " aren't they all ? 
“ he says that as long as he believes he will be saved , he can do whatever he pleases . " ex-wife of robert dear . 
rt suspect reportedly praised anti-abortion extremists and attacks on abortion providers : … 
rt those who know robert dear , the suspect in the colorado shootings , say rage and religion fueled him 

isis in libya : there next for air strikes ?? 
grip on libyan city gives it a fallback option 
could you ask in the hoc if we'll pursue isil into libya , or is forcing them out of syria " success " ? 
isis & grip on libyan city gives it a fallback option 
rt libya going well then ... " the first public beheadings have started " - isis ’ grip on libyan city 
rt today at 5 , ny times ' eric schmitt joins on this very important article -> isis ' grip on libya … 
hardline fighters flocked 2 in 2012-13 ; now making reverse journey 
rt in public beheadings have started . radio stations no longer play music . … 
rt libya's surt is now an actively managed colony of the central islamic state , crowded with foreign fighters … 
rt isis in libya : public beheadings started . radio stations no longer play music - … 
meantime in 
rt hate ny times ' initial cap headlines . but this is a terrific piece re isis of a kind you never see in the uk press . https … 
libyan city of sirte is an " actively managed colony of the central islamic state , crowded with foreign fighters " 
oh this sounds familiar 
rt isis ' grip on libyan city gives it a fallback option • • 
. fyi : grip on city of increases 
while grip on city of increases 
rt libyan city of surt is an ‘ actively managed colony ’ of possible capital . 
are you an mp . read this , before brimstone bombing , please !! isis grip on libyan city gives it a fallback ... 
fyi grip on city of cc 
while uk airstrike advocates focus futile ' gesture bombing ' plans on syria , is is decamping to libya . 
the almighty f**k up in libya means that bombing syria and iraq still leaves isis a get out 
libya : isis ' grip on sirte gives it a fallback option . via map via 
fighters and guards all bowed to a saudi administrator , or “ wali , ” sent by the islamic state to preside over the city 
rt isis in libya : the public beheadings have started . the radio stations no longer play music . https … 
rt grip on ( city gives it a fallback option 
" the first public beheadings have started ... local radio stations no longer play music " isis takeover of a libyan town 
rt in the public beheadings have started . the radio stations no longer play music . … 
rt consequence of washington's libya war : a port for isis but beltway too stupid to discuss anything beyo … 

rt joyce's ed miller shared additional commentary on the nytimes story on climate change ,… 
a path for climate change , beyond paris 
joyce's ed miller shared additional commentary on the story on climate change , stressing energy efficiency : 
a path for climate change , beyond paris during wwii the us built 50,000 aircraft in one year . it can be done . 
rt . doesn't see a wwii-style mobilization happening for anything other than a world war . well said https://… 
" a path for climate change , beyond paris " by justin gillis via nyt 
rt a path for climate change , beyond paris 
the emission pledges that countries have signaled they will make in paris will inevitably fall short . what would a … 
a path for beyond 
discusses climate change and cgeg faculty assoc . ' deep decarbonization pathways project ' 
a path beyond the paris climate change conference 
nyt article on the global deep decarbonization pathways project link to canadian report 
we must focus on 30% of ghgs coming from buildings as an opportunity for 
news and articles : top a path beyond the paris climate change c … see more 
rt paris pledges lack rdd boost to enable 2030 onward . > 
what a truly ambitious " deep decarbonization " agenda would look like , via arithmetic is really brutal " 
rt a hard look at the needed to truly than just renewabls ht … 
rt central n.am gas wells cover area of maine ( pads/roads/storage ) time to clean americas w/wws https : … 
to limit change : increase 
rt " ... the only answer to this is innovation " -- on bringing to poor countries … 
a path for addressing beyond paris 
energy on the forefront in paris 
jacobson , stanford engineer , believes we can the world can operate on 100% renewable power by 2050 . 
business 

notable children's books of 2015 
notable children’s books of 2015 : 
the ny times selects notable children's and ya books of 2015 : ... 
notable of 2015 
looking for a hanukkah gift for you child , check this out . 
we are always up for a good ( followed by a trip to the or 
wondering what to get the little ones in your life ? the best of 2015 list is full of great ideas 
notable list of children's books of 2015 here : 
new york times notable children’s and adolescent's books of 2015 
how many has your family read ? 
finished six of crows after 1 month+ . it was just too good to end , so yes . notable children’s books 2015 
good ones , incl . becoming maria by sonia manzano . yes , that maria from sesame street ! notable children’s books 2015 

what does climate change mean for china ? 
chinese report : even if 2 degrees is met , temp rises across china will be much higher : 2.7 to 2.9 degrees c 
the findings of china’s climate change report 
findings of china’s climate change report china & india response to global warming may be keys to humanity's future 
report reveals china's vulnerability to climate change via 
the findings of climate change report 
if the 2 degree goal is globally met , china's temperature will be much higher = 2.7 ~ 2.9 degrees 
china’s climate change report - the consequences of rising emissions for china 
average temps across china rising faster than global average . findings of china’s climate change report : 
if you think environmental regulations are bad , consider the alternative . findings of china’s climate change report 
average temperatures across china have been rising faster than the global average , says a new report by chinese govt 
china’s climate change report : the future of water and rainfall 
the findings of report 
human -induced activities raise the mercury . 
china's cc findings : warming above global average , precip up , less retaine : findings of c’s climate change report 
super brief of just-released report ( 900-page , 550 scientists & experts ) by 
must read ! " how has affected 900 pages summarised for you in this piece 
even if the goal is met globally , " temperature rises across china will be substantially higher " 
china bracing for temperature rises of 3 c , more floods , droughts , and rising seas . nice synopsis from 
beijing today - how all air will be if no paris success 

readers debate the wisdom of pursuing a lost 
" readers debate the wisdom of pursuing a lost love " by valeriya safronova via nyt style via 
true ! " more fun to imagine lost romances than to plug away at real one ... imaginary romance is light , fluffy & airy . " 
" we don’t have many chances to find love , let alone true love . " 
on lost loves : we all have at least one , right ? would you pursue yours ? 
these are funny - you can tell which were originally posted on fb & * clearly * meant for a particular person to see : 
" we don’t have many chances to find true love . take that leap of faith , you may be surprised " , i love this column ❤ ️ 

can most easily be described by one word : volume 
in most areas , good or bad , kobe bryant has simply done more 
in most areas , good or bad , has simply done more 

new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in the 
rt new cases , at long last , begin to fall in the us ! 
new cases , at long last , begin to fall in the united states 
good job , america . 
new cases , at long last , begin to fall in the u.s. ( via 
congratulations to everyone who exercises and tries to manage there weight . thanks 2u diabetes cases are falling . 
rt new diabetes cases begin to fall in the united state- but still double % of ppl w/ in early 90s … 
some good news . 
rt new cases are finally declining , but " it’s not yet time to have a parade , " by … 
mt lost in headline - disparities may be worse .... new cases begin to fall in u.s. 
alternatively , 
finally some good news ?? 
incidence rate of has started to drop , says via 
new cases finally falling ! but levels still > 2x what they were in 1990s 
new cases begin to fall in the united states 
great progress in the battle against more work to be done . nice mentioning of as a detrminant 
really good news !! cases begin to fall in vía 
new diabetes cases are declining , but " it’s not yet time to have a parade ” 
new diabetes cases begin to fall in us -- disparities still persist 
things may be headed in a good direction as new diabetes cases fall in the us 
" the number of new cases of in the united states has finally started to decline . " 
daily read - let's celebrate all progress in vs . & # rt - 
hope for change : fewer new cases of for the 1st time in 25 years . via 
twitter doctors new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall i … see more 

young palestinian women adopt unfamiliar role in seeking to … 
young palestinian women adopt unfamiliar role in seeking to become killers - 
young palestinian women adopt unfamiliar role in seeking to become … 

cauliflower parmesan 

how bill murray achieved pop culture sainthood 
the peculiar ascent of bill murray to secular saint | 
bill murray , secular saint : 
rt why bill murray is the new che guevara 
san bill murray . 
the peculiar ascent of to secular saint 
next time you need an example of a great brand , forget apple . use bill murray . 
gets a shoutout in nyt article re bfm 
the recent proliferation of t-shirts , posters , murals and memes suggests that the man who had his first fame decad … 
rt bill murray , secular saint : 
saint bill , explained . 

google gives you 360 degree access to stages and performances all over the world ! 
can we simply say " ooooooooh " ? check out the google cultural institute , here ! 
cultural institute puts us all onstage , 
the google cultural institute is using 360-degree video to put you onstage with ballerinas 
cool google initiative to improve access to performing arts . would be even better to see more silicon valley $$$ ... 
seems to be a vr moment for perf arts 
when tech meets art and culture and customer experience , everyone wins 
rt experience & musicians at with 360 view : 
meet tech in amazing 360-video experience : institute puts us all onstage 
rt the google cultural institute launches 360-degree videos for performing arts … 
yet another reason why clive gillinson is so right for ' google cultural institute puts you onstage ' 
rt go onstage with 360° video of dance my story : … 
google helps arts organizations take an active role in finding their audiences 
rt . interactive puts you onstage with & https :/ … 
i was waiting for this announcement -- google cultural institute moves into performing arts spaces 
“ google provide the gee-whiz technology ... ” 
cultural institiute puts us all on stage via 


race begins , without front-runners for a change 
oscar race begins — without front-runners for a change - 
leonardo dicaprio has a strong chance for best actor , but for best picture , all bets are off . 
attention , film buffs ! 

photos of the day 
pictures of the day : 

real estate heir robert durst sued for his wife's disappearance ... is he guilty or innocent ? 
family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearance 
justice is definitely blind ! family of robert durst’s wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearance 
speaking of murderers , good morning ! 
“ i am convinced that there’s no reason i shouldn’t say anything i want to anyone i want ” . 
such an insane story : family of first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearance 
one of the strangest stories , all true . family of robert durst’s 1st wife sues him for $100m in her disappearance 
family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her … track submission 
family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearan - nytimes 
family of robert durst's first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearance 
dating single family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her disa ... 
kesha likes " family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappear … 
the mother and three sisters of kathleen durst , who disappeared decades ago , are employing a rarely cited law to p … 

there is a reason for rudder limiters 
indonesia cites resetting of circuit breaker in 2014 airasia crash : 
indo cites resettng circuit breakr ' 14 airasia crash i hope all other pilots know u can't reboot a plane in mid-air ? 
ny times : cites resetting of circuit breaker in 2014 airasia crash 
cites resetting of circuit breaker in 2014 airasia crash : the move led to a … 
indonesia cited the resetting of a circuit breaker in the 2014 crash of airasia flight 8501 
pilot thought he could fix a plane by turning it off and on again . 
cites resetting of in 2014 

for survivors of paris attacks , mental scars may outlast wounds - 
for survivors of mental scars may outlast wounds 
for of mental scars may outlast wounds 
many survivors of the are seriously injured or still in intensive care ; others have severe ptsd . 
in understanding how terrorism is intended to continue to negatively affect people who experience , directly and ... 
" the paris hospitals network ... typically sees only five gunshot patients a year . " let that sink in . 

vw argued for easing new e.u. tests on emissions 
" such topics must be deleted . " internal email shows how volkswagen pushed for changes to new eu car emissions tests : 
vw argued for easing new eu tests on emissions - new york times 
volkswagen is making some strides in regards to emission efforts . 
new tests , meant to more closely reflect real-world driving conditions , are to take effect in 2017 . but they face … 

‘ love ’ and disbelief : trump meeting w black leaders <>< it's clear that can ooze * anything * w a str8 maw 
"‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald $trump meeting with $black leaders . " 
‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
donald trump meets with black pastors , gop & reality tv participants 
rt here's link to nyt piece claiming blacks are " polarized " ( i.e. deeply split ) over trump ; 
trump , on meeting black ministers : " they liked me , " was " great love in the room . " were they in the same room ? 
nytimes : ‘ love ’ and disbelief follow trump meeting with black leaders 
nyt says "' love ' and disbelief " , i say wtf ???? also this : " other than the organizer of the event , mr. [ bruce ] ... 
the closing line of this article : i see your sass , and i like it . 
why do we even need " black leaders " or " latino leaders " or even " white leaders " for anyway ? so much stupidity ... 
- ‘ love ’ and disbelief follow meeting with 
blacks endorse trump ? go test this out in the hood ! disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
why in the world would they attend in the first place !!! 
. meeting with black leaders ends with ' love ' and skepticism . 
did the 100 pastors get trumped by trump 2get their endorsement ? media didn't depict dt he made himself look bad . 
negative spin by nyt . still laughing at trump's speech outlining their failing business ! 
" how many here live in one of my buildings ? '" nobody ? " : disbelief as trump meets with black leaders " how that happen ? " 

dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son ’ tells the story of his mother’s murder 
attn 
new york times piece on our new release mourning son .... 
mourning son tells the story of a boy's journey through trauma to resilience . “ after my mom was killed , i had ... 
gripping : " one of the ways trauma survivors get past trauma is to walk through the ugliness , " dave navarro said . 
dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son , ’ the story of his mother's loss , shows us the healing power of humor thru dark times : 
is more widespread than you realize . dave navarro’s tells the story of his mother’s murder 
dave navarro’s confronts his mother's killer in new documentary . " he's just an old guy dying in jail . " 
. ‘ mourning son ’ tells the story of his mother’s murder , via 
hope i don't have to wait until next to see dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son ’ 
“ i had to dig into the trauma to get to the beauty . " documentary on survivor 
awesome article in the ny times on my man dave navarro's new doc available 12/01/2015 and directed by one of my ... 
his story to tell : dave navarro’s mother was murdered by her ex boyfriend 
not your typical rock star movie 
the most interesting story you'll read this week : dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son ’ the story of his mother’s murder 
i'm excited to watch this but know i will cry ! ‘ mourning son ’ tells the story of his mother’s murder 
rt i interviewed dave navarro about ' mourning son , ' his documentary about his mother's 1983 murder 
dave navarro's ' mourning son ' tells the story of his mother's murder - new york times 

spain’s prized ibérico hams can’t cure fast enough for 
prized ibérico hams can’t cure fast enough for china 
top story : retweets spain’s prized ibérico hams can’t cure … see more 
spain's prized ibérico hams can't cure fast enough for china - new york times 
“ ham is like wine : several steps make all the difference between an average product and premium quality . ” 
taste 

we're expecting a yuuge amount of endorsements . too many to count , like the # of pastors who showed 
" uncertainty . frenzy . and then donald trump appeared . " 

the way algebra is taught nowadays is o_o 
how hard is new york’s algebra exam ? 
i got 4 out of 5 , but i just rushed the graph one that i missed . 
remember those tough algebra problems from your youth ? here are some sample questions from this year's new york ... 
5/5 . nice . 
have you taken algebra quiz ? was scribbling formulas on pen and paper last night . 
these are not bad at all , and with the exeception of one ( in this example ) , all represent a real world ... 
i got 2/5 right on this , the first and last questions . yup , i still suck at algebra : 
i got 4/5 on this . so annoyed at myself . i rushed the last question and didn’t check my work . 
5/5 without calculator or even scratch paper . suck it . 
to fix they changed the test : ouch . we change the learning : 
ny / region|how hard is new york's algebra exam ? - new york times 
waiting for my meeting to start so i decided to take this alegbra quiz to pass time take it everyone it's fun haha 
how hard is ny's algebra exam ? 
i daresay the average singaporean high schooler should ace these . rt how hard is new york's algebra exam ? 
when your hubs is a math teacher & u show him this article & suddenly ur doing algebra together on a mon night lol 
( 1/2 ) the posted a 5-question algebra quiz with 0 further insights about the individual questions 
rt question no one asks about this math : why should students care about solving problems like these ? 
couldn’t resist algebra test . got 100 on my algebra regents a long time ago . only 4/5 correct this time ! 
sample test questions from new york's algebra exam . i got 2/5 . 
not surprisingly , i cannot recall how to do any of this : 
could you pass new york's new algebra i regents exam ? 
seriously americans , if this is your high school algebra exam you're fucked up . 
i would not be comparing it to " average " standards , i would be comparing it to the highest global standards ! the sam … 
but will either company be around that long ? 
* quiz * how hard is exam ? i am a writer , so numbers are not my friend . but i still scored 5/5 . 
will you do better than 37% of new york students on the algebra test ? 
i got 3 out of 5 on the regents algebra quiz . not sure i'm college ready . 
want to be disappointed by how much smarter you used to be ? take our high school algebra quiz ! 
could you pass the regent's algebra exam ? take the quiz . 
do u think exam is too hard ? try quiz to get a sense 4 yourself : 
rt could you pass the regent's algebra exam ? take the quiz . 
jonah first choice 8 . . 
i got four out of five right on this algebra quiz and i guessed at two of them , just like high school : 

yawning and the tears that follow - - 

as obama pushes climate deal , republicans move to block emissions rules 
obama in paris pushes a climate deal as republicans in washington move to undercut him 
news " as obama pushes climate deal , republicans move to block emissions r … 
as obama pushes a climate deal , republicans move to block epa's emissions rules 
undermining the president’s pledges in paris , the house was set to approve a resolution to scuttle a rule that would significantly cut carbon emissions from coal-fired power plants . 

what david carr taught us 
. " i looked into my notebook from a year ago and it said ' ask questions but ask the right questions . '" 
as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire journalists 
david carr memories former editor anne schindler part of the cult of carr 
‘ you have to break some eggs to make an omelet , ’ 
nytimes : as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire jou … 
rt as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire journalis … 

top prescription plan to offer $1 alternative to $750 pill 
celebrate this ! it may affect you or someone you care about one day . 
. " express scripts had only 350 patients who used daraprim last year " $esrx $immy 
nice 
will this medication cost me $750 , $1 , or $0.01 per pill ? the curious world of prescription drug pricing . 
prescription 4 martin shkreli's greed affliction : express scripts to offer $1 alternative to $750 pill , via 
. $750 pill is facing a new headwind : an alternative that costs $1 per pill 

"‘ star wars ’ fever extends to an ancient irish island " 
i love this : " but you’d sooner keep a wookiee from roaring than an irishman from regaling a willing audience ... " 
' star wars ' fever extends to an ancient irish island 
great piece in by our own lucinda hahn highlighting a location that * may * be in the next movie ! 
fun piece in the new york times by our own lucinda hahn highlighting a location that may/may not be in the next sta … 
an ancient irish island , considered one of ireland's most mystical places , may be featured in the new " star wars " 
& irish monasticism . together at last ? 
bloody jedi blow-ins , real monks settled here 1500 yrs ago . ‘ star wars ’ fever extends to ancient irish island 
‘ fever extends to an ancient island 
new york times write-up on skellig michael and its star wars connection . 
cliffs of moher , check . skellig michael , next time ! 
a reminder that this : … was previously the setting for herzog’s most mystical scene : 
perhaps you meant to provide this link 
. correct link . 
skellig michael is one of the most quietly beautiful places i've ever visited : majestic in its humility . 
heads up : ‘ star wars ’ fever extends … 

your cool socialist grandpa : 
bernie sanders — the people decide who is electable not the media - the new york times 
" same-sex marriage and gun control are two subjects where his past positions have come into conflict with modern ... 
your cool grandpa 
could he be the one ? i think ............ that he may just be ! i said i think .... this election year i will be ... 
" he doesn’t get elected because he’s a nice guy . ” meet your cool socialist grandpa ( via 
corbyn in uk , sanders in us . seems things are starting to move in the right direction . indian politics ??? 
how the vermont senator is making his case to millennials - and everyone else , too . 
bernie resonates why ? 
c'mon millennials ! " 49% had a positive view of socialism , while 46% feel positive about capitalism . " 
how bernie sanders is making his case to millennials — and everyone else , too . ( ny times opinion section ) 
. i dunno . could it be that the party is so lame , someone like can come to the fore ? 
how much were you paid under the table to write this ? 
nice piece on bernie who redeems the terms socialism in the u.s. 
great fact in an otherwise sub-par article : 
sanders , restoring decency to american politics ! 

savory tarts to win over a sugar-shy holiday crowd - - 

what did not say was equally potent during trip to africa ... 
pope francis ends african trip with visit to a mosque - 
pope francis ends visit to africa with visit to a mosque 
top story : with raymond pope francis ends african trip with vi … see more 
" together , we must say no to hatred , to revenge and to violence . " 
ended his trip to africa with a visit to a mosque i wish more leaders would visit mosques 
physical entity francis ends african abstract entity with entity to a physical entity 
pope ends african trip with visit to a mosque : francis ’ six-day swing through … 
ny times : pope ends african trip with visit to a mosque 

sea butterflies are dissolving , and climate change is to blame . 
climate change increases the ocean's acidification putting marine animals at risk . 
shells dissolving in acidifying oceans . 
what climate change looks like : dissolving shells - 
oceans are acidifying and pteropod shells are dissolving : 
lots of stories coming out of climate talks this week , and here's one that doesn't get a lot of attention . 
affects all of us , including the tiniest snails in the ocean whose shells are thinning . it's our ... 
pteropods , which play big role in ocean's food chain , are having their shells dissolved as result of 
what looks like in the discover more at a sea change : imagine a world without fish 
what does look like ? are acidifying and pteropod shells are dissolving : 
ocean acidification , linked to climate change , is already affecting the pelagic food chain . 
what looks like . from 
rt what does climate change look like ? it’s not just polar bears on melting ice . … 
this week , " featuring less familiar examples of what looks like " 
our oceans & what global warming looks like : dissolving shells 

new york today : the verdict is in 
well , we knew it , didn't we ?! 
nyt's sue craig on whether the silver corruptoin verdict could change albany's culture 

mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent - new york times 
after public outcry , mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago’s top cop . 
rt mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago pd head mccarthy after fatal shooting video 
chicago police superintendent is fired 
rt police superintendent is fired : … 
mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent rahm needs to fire himself ! he keptvideohiddentilafterelection 
rt breaking news : mayor rahm emanuel has fired chicago’s police superintendent amid criticism over a police shooting … 
municipalities need to do all they can to rid themselves of 
this act doesn't even cuts close to the real problem !!!! 
mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent : the superintendent , garry f . mccarthy , and his departm ... 
rt rahm fires chicago police chief only thing rahm knows now that he didn't before the election is that … 
ny times : chicago superintendent is fired 
mayor emanuel fires chicago police super . accountability & integrity is necessary to maintain public trust . 
mccarthy = 1 of most antigun cops rt antigun chicago mayor ousts chicago police chief 
that's the right move . mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent 
from mayor fires superintendent 
mayor rahm emanuel ousts chicago police superintendent : mayor rahm emanuel fired the superintendent , garry f . ... 
next you should fire yourself . mayor fires police superintendent 
mayor rahm emanuel fires chicago police superintendent perfect example of rahm passing the buck . 

in baseball , a sparkling consolation prize 
rt " mets getting rings for losing world series ? " a well deserved tradition . … 
to the winners , a ring . and to the losers , also a ring . 

