rt bono on standing up to isis : " in ireland we know not to become a monster in order to defeat a monster . " … 
" isis and these kinds of extremists are a death cult . we’re a life cult . " 
it’s a messy business , bringing peace into the world . but it can be done , i’m sure of that . 
u2 , preaching defiance , heads back to paris 
bono is smart : 
typo : " importantl " 
how bizarre & in a funny way , how inspiring ... we left paris , went straight to belfast and we found peace 
" isis&these kinds of extremists are a death cult . we're a life cult . " u2 & paris cc 
rt " we are thinking about some special guests to honor the tragedy in paris " - edge ( patti smith is there on sunday ) … 
isis is a death cult , we're a life cult ! yes - 
" terrorism relies on people being terrorized . and we're not going to be . " 

e.u. researcher contends global carbon budget too optimistic : needs reforesting 1-1/2 indias , massive biofuel use 
putting the climate on credit . w/ a great piece on risk of building negative emissions into models : 
dubious carbon budget 
rt amyharlib retweeted olav aamlid syversen ( olavaamlidsyver ): made me think and look up the questionable … 
retweeted olav aamlid syversen ( made me think and look up the questionable accounting ... 
the questionable accounting behind the world’s carbon budget 
should learn from avoid relying on economic models detached from reality 
rt amyabarry on climate we're relying on models that are 100% detached from real world - same mistake led to finan … 
on climate we're relying on models that are 100% detached from real world - same mistake led to financial crisis : 
' because right now , we’re on the verge of repeating the same mistake that led to the financial crisis ' 
rt wspencerreeder a reminder of how important aggressive action now is ... should we be advocating for more stringe … 
a reminder of how important aggressive action now is ... should we be advocating for more stringent carbon budgets ? 
the dubious accounting behind the world's carbon budget 
we " need to seriously discuss " carbon capture technologies . but how do we move discussion to " the political level " ? 
the case for scrutinizing carbon budgets ... never as straightforward as the economists would have us believe 
the questionable accounting behind the world's carbon budget 
a smart comment on " negative emissions " 
carbon capture and storage is no miraculous solution to reduce emissions 
op-ed about and negative emissions . bottom line : worry about reducing positive emissions 1st ! 
right : negative emissions are a huge asterisk on wg3 results . wrong : this is informing anything going on in paris 
rt climatefran right : negative emissions are a huge asterisk on wg3 results . wrong : this is informing anything goi … 

what we & reading 
way to go , nyt recognizes her amazing story about soldiers ' underground anti-vietnam war newspapers 
" what we’re reading " by the new york times via nyt 
what we’re reading : times journos find stories on michael dukakis's turkey soup , and more 

in a global market for hacking talent , argentines stand out 
argentina rises as a global tech lead - at olapic we've know that since 2011 . 
argentines have a saying , “ atado con alambre , ” to describe the inventive nature of so many who do much with little . 
rt in a global market for hacking talent , argentina stands out . heads to buenos aires to find out why . https :/ … 
rt yay got featured by for the 
in a global market for talent , stand out !!! 
rt great coverage of nyt of argentinian hackers by 
hey hackers/friends : the nytimes wrote about you , hackers of systems , thinkers of products 
in a culture that breeds cheaters , hackers will prosper : bienvenidos a argentina ! 
living in buenos aires , i learned how pickpocketing is an art . computer hacking seems to be a natural extension ... 
rt in a global market for hacking talent , arg … see more … 
the " cybergauchos " of argentina 
linda nota : " thanks to the legacy of military rule and a culture of breaking rules of all sorts ... " ¿si ? 
in a global market for talent , argentines stand out - 
“ cheating the system is part of the argentine mentality ” 
the security industry looks to argentina for digital talent via 

top story amid smog wave , an artist molds a potent symbol of beij … see more 
rt a chinese performance artist has made a solid brick of dust from the polluted atmosphere around beijing's landmarks … 
nytimesarts : rt nytimes : a chinese performance artist has made a solid brick of dust from the polluted atmosphere … 
amid smog wave , an artist molds a potent symbol of beijing’s pollution 
what's better than making a brick out of pm ? the artist's name : brother nut ! 
amid smog wave , an artist molds a potent symbol of beijing's pollution - new york times 
" the artist known as brother nut vacuumed the dust in bejing for 100 days " 
sharing amid smog wave , an artist molds a potent symbol of beijing's pollution - new york .. 
amid smog wave , an artist molds a potent symbol of beijing's pollution via thanks 

the latest nanny state policy in nyc ( soon all over the country with graphic images of sick hearts and corpses ) . 
high-salt warnings on new york chain menus , a great step forward 
high-salt warnings on new york menus to start tuesday 
high-salt warnings : new york chain restaurant menus to include salt warnings daily salt intake shouldn’t exceed 2 , 3g 
( high-salt warnings on new york menus to start tuesday ( 
in high-salt warning labels on menu items started today . are you getting too much has details 
wouldn't it save time and money to list the items that aren't high in salt ? salt warnings on ny menus 
helping our patients do better ... 
what do you think about the new nyc salt warnings on menus ? 
does high salt intake harm people with healthy blood pressure ? never seen any evidence that it does . 
diners at chain restaurants will see warnings on menus next to items that are high in sodium , under a rule believed … 
high warnings on ny menus to start tuesday 
high- warnings on new york menus to start tuesday 
what do you think about high-salt warnings on ny menus ? 
fuck you , gouvernments . 
new york implements high-salt warnings symbols on new york menus 

after attack , republicans keep hammering planned parenthood 
after attack , republicans keep lying about planned parenthood 
i nominate as the ugliest , most delusional , self aggrandizing , opportunistic pos of 2015 . 
the american taliban continues to rally its violent supporters . 

rt mr. zuckerberg & dr. chan will manage their facebook charity with an unusual llc structure … 
mark zuckerberg vows to donate 99% of his facebook shares for charity | 
vows to donate 99% of his shares for $fb 
chan zuck areas of focus : personalized learning , curing disease , connecting people and building strong communities 
mark zuckerberg moves from post-wealth accumulation to today 
zuckerberg vows to daughter he’ll donate 99% of his facebook shares this is impressive . 
so easy to look good when you're rich ! vows to donate 99% of his facebook shares for charity 
we will include priscilla chan for today for good measure . happy wednesday ! 
mark zuckerberg and wife pledge 99% of their facebook shares to charity 
rt holy . fucking . shit . amazing . " mark zuckerberg and wife pledge 99% of their facebook shares to charity " … 
mark zuckerberg vows to 99% of his shares for 
billionaires as public policy powerhouses : the upside of income inequality insanity ? 
employees gave to for here's the ceo of pledge . 
there's got to be a way to get on mark zuckerberg's radar …. 
zuckerberg has announced that he's donating 45 billion ! this stemmed from the birth of their kid . did having a ... 
wow , awesome stuff mr. zuck ! | mark zuckerberg to donate 99% of his facebook shares ( worth $45bn ) to charity 
( overwhelmed by d gesture , it's endless effects on billions ... ) mark zuckerberg vows to donate 99% of his fb stake 
rt zuckerberg to donate 99% of his facebook shares give some to tax justice groups , to undo some fb h … 
zuckerberg vows to daughter he’ll donate 99% of his facebook shares to charity via 
rt very cool ! -- zuckerberg vows to daughter he’ll donate 99% of his facebook shares 
great way to use an llc for charity ! 
“ the only way that we reach our full human potential is if we’re able to unlock the gifts of every person around th … 
donate 99% of his shares to charity this is what is about 
follow this story . zuckerberg says , " initial areas of focus will be personalized learning . " 
as a new parent , zuckerberg vows to donate 99% of his fb shares over his life ; philanthropic planning at its finest ! 
i mean , pretty rad . 
congrats to mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan on starting an amazing initiative to make the world a better place ! 
1% keeping 1% 
kudos to the zuckerbergs for making this commitment . reassuring to see that these billions will be put toward a grea … 
follow the story . zuckerberg says , " our initial areas of focus will be personalized learning " 
following in the footsteps of mark zuckerberg might be this generation's big 
zuckerberg vows to donate 99% of his facebook shares for charity well done ... mr zuckerberg ... well done 
zuckerberg vows to daughter he\'ll donate 99% of his facebook shares - new york times 
absolute admiration . i wish they had more like him 
note donated thru new llc vs nfp , so not just grants zuckerberg donates 99% of facebook shares for charity 
rt inspired by mark zuckerberg's pledge to charity . we can make anything happen we put our mind to & make a difference . https … 

luc bondy , swiss-born theater and opera director , dies at 67 

irony : new edition of mein kampf will be so heavily annotated — text will be " surrounded " — it'll look like the talmud : 
“ we wanted literally to surround hitler with our comments , ” mr. hartmann said . new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’ 
at best , history deprived the of time distance becomes journalism . at worst , propaganda . ‘ mein kampf ’ new edition 
scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’ can't wait to re-read this edition . 
surrounding the poisonous words of hitler with context and rebuttal on the very pages of a new mein kampf edition . 
does new edition address similarities of nazi & zionist thought or hitler's intellectual debt to nordau ? 
scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’ ( the copyright on hitler’s manifesto expires dec . 31 ) 
top story : retweets scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s… see more 
germany unveils new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampff ' . the intention is to set the work in historical context . 
books can have both a positive and negative inpact on history : scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’ 
mein kampf will soon be available in germany for the first time since 1945 , but with historians ' annotations 
" mein kampf " copyright expires this month , allowing historians to publish first new edition since the end of wwii 
fascinating . but it'll still be weird to walk into a bookstore and say , do you have the new ' mein kampf' ?! 
scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’ as the book’s copyright exp 
richly annotated edition of hitler’s mein kampf due out in january , print run 4000 , who's interested ? 
scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’ : as the book’s copyright expires , a … 
scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’ << just what the world needed in 2015 
copyrights in the news ... 
scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’ : as the book’s copyright expires , a te ... vía 
when love to come . scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’ : as the book’s ... 
" scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’" by alison smale via nyt the new york times 
" scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’" by alison smale nyt december 2 , 2015 at 06:00 am 
" scholars unveil new edition of hitler’s ‘ mein kampf ’" by alison smale via nyt the new … 

" life in a japanese-american internment camp , via the diary of a young man " 
a long lost diary detailing life in an american internment camp for japanese is one of the first hand accounts ... 
" today was supposed to be my graduation day at internment camp diary & online : 
out of the desert ! congrats courtney & corey . life in a japanese-american internment camp , via diary of a young man 
it's amazing what " civilized " american citizens can do to other citizens when fear is involved ... 
life in a japanese-american internment camp via a young man's diary , on view at yale's sterling memorial library 
there is grace in forgiveness . are you this forgiving ? 
digital gallery for yale sterling memorial library's current exhibit on japanese american internment is a must see 
yale exhibit of wwii incarceration includes personal diary of daily life . 
" i was shocked beyond belief , ” mr. satoda said of learning that the diary — which he had not seen or thought ... 

for robert dear , religion and rage before planned parenthood attack - 
sports section ? seriously ? long-hidden details reveal cruelty of 1972 munich attackers - 
rt queen’s university in canada gets a third rembrandt from alfred and isabel bader - … 
the family who helped shape picasso - 
rt breaking news : mark zuckerberg has pledged to give to charity 99 percent of his facebook shares 
wary of donald trump , g.o.p. leaders are caught in a standoff - 
mark zuckerberg and wife pledge 99% of their facebook shares to charity - 
spain’s prized ibérico hams can’t cure fast enough for china - 
putin’s syrian misadventure - 
if they want to stop trump they need to drop out and narrow this field : gop wary of trump - 
simple rules for healthy eating - 
the peculiar ascent of bill murray to secular saint - 
addicted to distraction - 
cool idea ! with marches banned , shoes carry message - 
the hard-working italian origins of the rockefeller center christmas tree - 
a foundation says the joffrey ballet owes licensing fees of $ 373,000 - - 
mark zuckerberg vows to donate 99% of his facebook shares for charity - 
earlier harm seen in global warming - via 
sheldon silver , ex-new york assembly speaker , is found guilty on all counts this is why americans are fed up ! 
ease rent and building regulations to free up affordable housing - 
everything you need to know about the new sat 
new peace talks on syria could be held this month - 
the chicago police scandal 
yahoo’s board is said to weigh selling off core business - 
the close ties between exercise and beer - the close ties between exercise and beer 
rt what climate change looks like : walrus crowding - 
beijing , before and after the smog - 
no growth is not the answer to climate change : imagining a world without growth - 
david letterman , even retired , keeps on interviewing - 
security breach at toy maker vtech includes data on children 
‘ dark matter and the dinosaurs , ’ by lisa randall - 
top story : chasing a climate deal in paris - environment - see more 
‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders - - 
anyone but ted cruz - 
rt zuckerberg vows to daughter he’ll donate 99% of his facebook shares - 
yaaas , adele , you and lana 😭💔 adele on love , fame , ego and ‘ 25 ’ - - 
the g . o . p . ’ s worst budget riders - 
u.s. plans to counter arms control breach by russia , posing risks to europe , asia , us - 
the good old days of the gold standard ? not really , historians say - 
boston consulting’s most innovative companies : lessons from a decade of ranking - 
rt tahir elci , human rights defender - 
rt u2 , preaching defiance , heads back to paris | 
narendra modi could make or break obama’s climate legacy - – via 
coca-cola funds scientists who shift blame for obesity away from bad diets - 
▶ revenge of the non-nerds - - the film “ the phd movie 2 : still ... 
the nyt , obama's faithful lackey on climate and other issues , says we ought to worry about a tiny island slum . 
the with a scathing editorial on leadership 
nooo ! research group funded by coca-cola to disband - - 
maurice strong , environmental champion , dies at 86 - 
‘ a conversation with black women on race ’ - 
rt wary of g.o.p. leaders are caught in a standoff - - 
isis promise of statehood falling far short , ex-residents say - - 
new york today : a sidewalk forest - 
paris climate talks : getting down to business on day 3 - - 
rt cover-up in chicago - 
letters to the editor about student activism and free speech at amherst - 
has turkey lost its luster for luxury brands ? - 
mark zuckerberg vows to donate 99% of his facebook shares ($45 millions ) for charity - 
cavalli investment seems to show private equity still interested in fashion - 

clearly stands against corruption in albany . sadly we can't say the same for 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s political culture 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany's political culture 
according to one lawyer , their client is innocent as " that is the system new york has chosen . " this speaks ... 
rt at the very least , advocates predicted , the silver verdict could have a chilling effect on albany legislators : … 
. wants to talk reform after shutting down moreland ? that's richer than the people's pockets he lives in 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany & political culture 
ny state assembly exspeaker convicted on all counts - time to change the " fetid atmosphere " 
reformers in albany may be spurred by silver verdict , via 
“ the bell could not be ringing louder for real reform in albany than it is right now ” 
making it harder to prove white-collar crimes 
rt imwhitneyblack : guilty verdict is a spur to would-be ... | … 
preach , 
" but on monday , as mr. silver’s name was scrubbed from the assembly website & removed from his office door ... " nyt : 
“ money seems to be the root of all of the evil in politics ” 
will silver conviction be the scandal to finally end albany corruption ? 
albany reform may not be entirely out of reach , thanks to silver verdict 
lol . sure government-watchdogs optimistic silver conviction will lead to closing campaign funding loophole 
like skimming one floating turd off the surface of the albany mafia cesspool >> albany’s political culture 
guilty is a spur to would-be of political culture 
if we can't push through real ethics reform in albany now , it will never happen . this is a call to action ! 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s political … 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s… 

about ‘ the last message received ’ 
meet tumblr’s 15-year-old secret keeper 
" the heartbreak doesn't really need a headline to sell itself " via 
it annoys me how terrible people are at ending relationships . requires thought , care and compassion . 
technology , tumblr , a 15-year old with an agent 
cool to learn about the face behind " the last message received " . i've seen the posts before on tumblr . 
a 15 year old is getting the next tumblr to book deal and i'm over here trying to make it to the grocery store . 
meet tumblr's 15-year-old secret keeper . cute story , but good god those messages are heartbreaking . 
rt meet the 15-year-old behind the dear my blank she has collected 17,000 letters that people will never send https : … 
the internet is full of secrets , and 15 yr old emily collects them 
rt the internet is full of secrets , and 15 yr old emily collects them 
fb users complained this story is too buzzfeedy . parents also ask why their tumblr-hooked kids don't have book deals 
meet 15-year-old secret keeper 
meet tumblr's 15-year-old secret keeper - new york times 
the teenage girl who keeps all of the internet's secrets : 
rt up to 100 people a day are sharing sad messages with a teenager in ohio . 

" it’s december , which means that the city has spontaneously grown a forest of firs " find out how/why/etc on 
new york today : a sidewalk forest 

notable children’s books of 2015 
honoured to see on the list of notable children's books for 2015 ! 
notable of 2015 
notable children's books of 2015 
rt the notable children's books of 2015 
rt we are always up for a good ( followed by a trip to the or 
rt the hired girl & symphony for the city of the dead are 2015 notable ya books ! https : … 
i'm thrilled ! what an honor to be in such company ! thank you 
we only have one of the picture books , but we do much better in the middle grade and young adult categories .... 
which of these books were a hit with your kids ? 
& have been named notable books of 2015 by 
we're thrilled ( and not at all surprised ) to see the hired girl on this list . congratulations to local author and ... 
gifts for your favorite young person 
the notable children's books of 2015 : via 
rt notable children's books of 2015 
the ny times selects notable children's and ya books of 2015 : ... 

playing his entire nba career for the los angeles lakers , gave much to the game : 
can most easily be described by one word : volume 
in most areas , good or bad , kobe bryant has simply done more 
in most areas , good or bad , has simply done more 

yahoo’s board is said to weigh selling off core business 
hmm - big garage sale soon sounds like : 
yahoo board to consider selling core business following pressure from activist investor . has more 
" for the last decade , yahoo has struggled to find its reason for being . " amazing that its lasted this long . 
yahoo's board is meeting this week to discuss potentially selling the company's core business 
death of web 1.0 ? " jerry and david's guide to the world wide web " = lifetime ago , as yahoo becoems yawhat 
so sad : “ i just try to ship products that i’m not ashamed of , ” said jeff bonforte , yahoo's sr. vp of comm . prod . 
which religion is buying up white america progress . like with blacks what you create is taken either you sell out ... 
here's what the board of yahoo will discuss during a series a meetings this week 
yahoo's board is meeting this week to discuss potentially selling the company's core business via nytimesbits 
nytimesbusiness : yahoo's board is meeting this week to discuss potentially selling the company's core business 
sad truth about yahoo " subtract the alibaba and softbank stakes and the value of the ... company is less than zero . " 
yahoo's board is said to weigh selling off core business 
yahoo’s board is said to weigh selling off core internet business 
logical buyers would obviously include 

cauliflower parmesan 

jerry seinfeld gets a regular gig at the 
comedian gets monthly gig at joins with recurring show . 
what strikes me most is that he's 61 ! still funny as hell . -jerry seinfeld gets regular gig at beacon theater 
i was just as as i was about the & extra tix ? 
amen 
seinfeld gets regular gig at the beacon theater about time he got regular work 
must . get . tickets . 
jerry gets a regular gig at the theater via 
cool . via jerry gets a regular gig at the beacon theater 

race begins , without front-runners for a change 
oscar race begins — without front-runners for a change - 
leonardo dicaprio has a strong chance for best actor , but for best picture , all bets are off . 
attention , film buffs ! 

a warning from the archives : climate change may cause " serious environmental damage " 
1990 article on looks like we ignored it . note how much more intellectual the news was back then . 
earlier harm seen in global warming well , don't say nobody didn't warn you ! 

the post-split hairstyle 
have you ever changed your appearance after a break-up ? joe jonas ' ultimate post-split move : 
rt the post-split hairstyle 
the times is on it : male celebs " swap the whiskey bottle for a bottle of hair dye after a fizzled romance . " 
mirror : the post-split hairstyle 
heartbroken men are changing up their hair styles . you heard it here first . 
rt nytfashion heartbroken men are changing up their hair styles . you heard it here first . 
rt mirror : the post-split hairstyle 
✍ the post-split hairstyle 
the post-split hairstyle - ( he has since dyed his entire mane . ) while making a drastic change in appearance aft ... 
some men are changing their hair after fizzled romances . 

students ’ protests may play role in supreme court case on race in admissions 
students ' protests may play role in case on race in admissions 12/9 arg preview : 
protests may impact upcoming ruling . systemic can no longer be ignored . 
rt students ’ protests may pay role in supreme court case on race in admissions 
nyt speculates on whether campus protests and demands for censorship will affect new scotus affirmative action case . 
students protests may play role in supreme court case on race in admissions 
may play role in case on in 
" basic human nature .. [ struggling students]will try to blame others .. " wow-i take serious issue w/chapman's assertion 
protests are also ongoing at harvard , where six of the nine went to law school . 
students ’ protests may play role in u.s. supreme court case on race in admissions 
justices to rule once again on race in college admissions 
that's why i didn't get into yale ..... 
protests may play role , supreme court , case on race in admissions tell the supreme court to mind their own business 
“ justice kennedy does have the ability to influence whether the conditions are there for the debate even to ... 
the protests in the university of texas where a white woman was denied entrance 
hey white ppl , if your kid is mediocre as bread , don't tell them they can get into lookin at you , fisher . 
campus protests may lead the supreme court to allow racial discrimination & in admissions 
what are your thoughts on this one ? 
interesting piece on recent campus protests & upcoming fisher v . tx arguments . 
students ’ protests may play role in supreme court case … 

:: rushing to end mass shootings , police face greater danger 
on mass shootings : " if people are dying , you have to go in , " said dep . comm . john miller . " the nypd will do so . 
" a shift in tactics as law enforcement agencies rethink how to stop terrorist attacks already underway " fm 
mixed messages for cops highlights tough job : nytimes : host of challenges as officers rush to end mass shootings 
rushing to end mass shootings , police confront greater danger ... 
i wonder intensive training for police would really be effective in terrorist attack . rushing to end mass shootings , 
. nypd training 4 new terror scenes " .. used to draw in police officers and emerg . medical workers .. : 
new york's tactical shift on terror attacks : don't wait for backup - 
rushing to end mass shootings , face greater danger 
training to act decisively in mass shootings & de-escalating in ordinary standoffs are huge policing challenges . 
a sense that police are not supposed to act like the military " has just , all of a sudden , evaporated . ” great story . 
on society's dual needs of extreme patience against smaller crimes and extreme decisiveness against violent ones 
new york’s tactical shift on terror attacks : don’t wait for backup 
“ 1 minute we expect them to be de-escalating ... the next minute we expect them ... to take on a suicide bomber . " 
" police officials are aware that statements on counterterror tactics are often read by those seeking to attack ... " 
rt excellent look at the complexity and difficulty of being a police officer today 
being trained to rush into situations , but de escalate others . 
police confront danger lacking maturity - males shouldn't be eligible as cops until age 33 - females age 28 . 

today’s main topic at the paris climate conference : money . 
rt world leaders at the paris climate talks have left the building . now the real work begins … 
talks : getting down to business on day 3 - 
ocean sciences article of the day - paris climate talks : getting down to business ( new york times ) 
really interesting conversations in paris today . " but in the years since [ copenhagen ] , as the effects of ... 
what to expect on day 3 of climate talks in paris via 
day 3 & now for the $$$ bill $20b ! lining pockets of foreigner leaders 
what to expect on day 3 of the climate talks : 
embarrassed to be from the us with this kind of bullshit selfishness . 

long-hidden details reveal cruelty of 1972 munich attackers 
rt muslim savages : long-hidden details reveal horrific barbarism of 1972 munich terrorists . … 
long-hidden , vivid and disturbing details of the 1972 olympics attack in munich are beginning to emerge 
rt sickening long-hidden detail : palestinian 1972 munich terrorists castrated israeli . … 
brutal details of 72 olympics attack . via 
rt after this , who but a pacifist can truly question the morality of assassinating these monsters ? 
for those of us who remember . the rest of you should read this . 
a tragedy that deserves to be remembered 
new information on 1972 summer olympics 
cruelty of terrorist organizations doesn't change , just their names and mos . our response to terrorism has to change 
two widows of the israeli athletes heartbreak . 
long-hidden details about the at the 1972 show 
long-hidden details reveal cruelty of attackers by via 
rt long-hidden , vivid , disturbing details of the 1972 olympics attack in munich are beginning to emerge … 
activists ? palestinian resistance ? not ! just barbarians and terrorists like daesh 

" for the parent who uses emoji but can't program voicemail " is such a good category : 
the nyt 2015 holiday gift guide has my category spot on . 
our client , arckit , was featured in the nty ! 
style 
ben's bagel tours has made it to the ny times holiday gift guide ! schmear the word !!! 
s/o all over the gift guide 2015 
the one where i tell you what to buy for the stylish people on your list : 2015 holiday gift guide via 
an unexpected fashion story is one of top holiday gift books of 2015 ! 
fizzicsgroup : beer system / a present idea from the nytimes 2015 holiday gift guide 
beer system / a present idea from the 2015 holiday gift guide 
the includes in their holiday gift guide . 
the lists in their holiday gift guide 
top story : 2015 holiday gift ideas and guide — style see more 
this interactive guide webpage by is pretty neat ! 
" 2015 holiday gift ideas and guide — style " by joanna nikas and sharon steel via nyt multimedia/photos via 
2015 holiday gift guide - style 
the best present ideas , selected by times experts , to make shopping easy this season . 
is the nyt telling me to keep my socks on while having sex , 
arckitmodel : the nytimes lists arckitmodel in their holiday gift guide 
2015 holiday gift guide : aromatherapy shower kit 
2015 holiday gift guide : handmade leather gloves 
2015 holiday gift guide : 3-d printer 
2015 holiday gift guide : cookies socks 
2015 holiday gift guide : bath bombs 
for food addicts 
we're happy to announce that we made it in to the 2015 new york times holiday gift guide . give us a look-see ... 
the nytimes gift guide includes a $450 hoodie , just so i'm reminded how poor i am . 

what looks like in the discover more at a sea change : imagine a world without fish 
rt what does climate change look like ? it’s not just polar bears on melting ice . … 
what climate change looks like : dissolving shells - 
elevated co2 levels cause dissolving shells of pteropods ( aka food ) . 
even little like sea snails & sea slugs , are harmed by 
what change looks like : dissolving shells 
great read → what looks like : dissolving shells via 
what does look like ? oceans are acidifying and pteropod shells are dissolving : via 
what climate change looks like : we're melting the " sea butterflies " that other critters depend on : 
an overlooked result of ocean acidification 
sea butterflies are dissolving , and climate change is to blame . 
climate change increases the ocean's acidification putting marine animals at risk . 
shells dissolving in acidifying oceans . 
lots of stories coming out of climate talks this week , and here's one that doesn't get a lot of attention . 
affects all of us , including the tiniest snails in the ocean whose shells are thinning . it's our ... 
pteropods , which play big role in ocean's food chain , are having their shells dissolved as result of 

paul ryan pushes changes in mental health care 
the speaker urged lawmakers to “ do more ” to protect people after the deadly shooting last w ... 
obama repeats call for stricter gun laws after colorado shooting 
rs : mental illness ; ds : guns ; pres : deranged/guns : 
paul ryan : mental issues common denominator in shootings . how about guns ? you gonna fix that too ? 
i bet if you think really hard you can come up with an even more common denominator . 

fig tart with caramelized onions , rosemary and stilton 

expanded special forces will be able to target isis militants in iraq and syria , the pentagon said 
pentagon officials say they’ll bolster special operations force in iraq 
pentagon officials say they'll bolster special operations force in iraq - new york times 
' a1 ' for " statehood project is troubled , those who escaped isis say . " 
u.s. increases special operations forces fighting isis in iraq - 
goo news pentagon officials say they'll bolster special operations force in iraq - new york … 
germany endorses 1200 troops , uk voting , france livid … & “ us increases special operations forces fighting isis iraq ” 
it's about time ! 

the marshall islands are disappearing 
rt stories from the marshall islands , on the front lines of sea level rise-w amazing drone footage by https://… 
that is one harsh kicker 
on vulnerable low-lying island nations have long sought to draw attention to their plight 
the short video the new york times produced on greenland is beautiful and saddening 
rt " i don’t want my kids to drown here . ” rising sea levels are consuming the marshall islands … 
obstructionists , obscurants , ignorance , and lies are chains slowing us down in the race against time . 
won't just affect future generations . it's impacting people right now 
i have to think that climate would be more urgent if our homes were in imminent danger of being erased by the ocean 
rt are you following the amazing work that is doing over at the times ? incredible images 
“ i’m the oldest — i can’t leave my parents , ” he said . “ but i don’t want my kids to drown here . ” 
rt why demands resource sharing and no more than 1.5 degree rise in temps : marshall isles disappearing http … 
rising seas are swallowing the marshall islands & other small island dev states via 
mt disappearing under 
climate change threatens islands : protecting a changing planet : 
article in captures the gritty realities facing the 
powerful reminder for the islands are disappearing 
a reminder of what's at stake at islands are disappearing 
terrific collaboration by and marshall islands are disappearing 
great multi-media reporting . global warming = disappearing homes . 
will the marshall islanders ' ties to us make them the exemplar of climate refugees ? 
“ it’s insane , i know . " scroll thru gorgeous acct of life in sinking marshall islands 
a brilliant multimedia presentation on the disappearing marshall islands 
" small state plays big role at talks " the work of front page of - 
rt my family lived on the atoll of majuro , which is only a quarter mile wide in some places . https : … 

rt the wright brothers , not orville & wilbur but cody , jake , jesse and spencer . from http://… 

airbnb shares anonymized data for nyc , shows median host income is about $5k/year 
home-sharing data sheds light on the annual income from hosts : via 
nyt : anonymized airbnb data for nyc shows median host income is around $5k/yr 
releases trove of new york city home-sharing 
big trend to come airbnb releases trove of new york city home-sharing data 
wonder if their is a line for foreign owners 
since october 1st 2015 airbnb declare and pay tax on behalf of owners in france . perhaps more moves like this ... 
airbnb lies . it knows nothing of transparency . 
airbnb has opened up its new york data base to public . start of a new trend hopefully 
airbnb have made a bunch of data on its activities in nyc available- but “ by appointment only , to their nyc offices ” 
airbnb releases new york city home-sharing data . france next ? i hope so . 
rt releases trove of new york city home-sharing data 
airbnb to release rental housing data to nyc , other cities 
rt worst " open & transparent " release ever ? data now available " by making appointment to visit " nyc office … 
rt dear " open & transparent " data does not require an appointment to obtain . h/t 
authorities misinformed re : rise of and loss of affordability . sad to see it repeated constantly . 
rt . released data on homesharing : … to people who go to its nyc office : 
what about those w/only 1 listing ? mt 75% of $ earned by nyc hosts from folks w/ 1 or 2 airbnb listings . 

lin-manuel miranda contributing music to ‘ star wars ’ 
lin-manuel miranda contributing music to & wars & 
artsbeat : lin-manuel miranda contributing music to ‘ star wars ’ - 
one more reason to go see the new star wars : " lin-manuel miranda contributing music to ‘ star wars ’" 
artsbeat | lin-manuel miranda contributing music to ' star wars ' - new york times ( blog ) 
" lin-manuel miranda contributing music to ‘ star wars ’" by andrew r . chow via nyt 
lin-manuel miranda contributing music to ‘ star wars ’ via 
" lin-manuel miranda contributing music to ‘ star wars ’" by r . chow 
nyt : " lin-manuel miranda contributing music to ‘ star wars ’" by andrew r . chow . 
artsbeat : lin-manuel miranda contributing music to ‘ star w ... ♥ buyfb 
pairing hamilton lyrics w/ star wars pics/gifs because : 
hamilton meet skywalker 
artsbeat : lin-manuel miranda contributing to ‘ star wars ’ 
why do you write like you're running out of time , indeed . wrote cantina music for 
han is not throwing away his shot . 

indonesia cites resetting of circuit breaker in 2014 airasia crash 
modern avionics r incredible , except when not : indonesia cites resetting of circuit breaker in 2014 airasia crash 
accidents are caused . whether the true intent of the cause is revealed is seldom known 
" indonesia cites resetting of circuit breaker in 2014 airasia crash - new york times " 
indonesia cited the resetting of a circuit breaker in the 2014 crash of airasia flight 8501 
there is a reason for rudder limiters 
indo cites resettng circuit breakr ' 14 airasia crash i hope all other pilots know u can't reboot a plane in mid-air ? 
ny times : cites resetting of circuit breaker in 2014 airasia crash 
cites resetting of circuit breaker in 2014 airasia crash : the move led to a … 
pilot thought he could fix a plane by turning it off and on again . 

cop charged with murder gets a he can afford - so should everyone charged with a crime - 
" officer in chicago shooting is released from jail " 
murderous chicago cop released from jail after other cops pay his bail 
" mcdonald was hit 16 times in 14 or 15 seconds , prosecutors say , and for 13 of those seconds he was on the ground . " 
$1.5 million bond set for in 
$1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting 
( $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting : jason van dyke , charged ... ( 
[ ♥.♥ ] $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting 
( ) $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting via 

untangling the relationship between sweating & beer . does the gym make me thirsty , or does drinking lead to gym ? 
the close ties between exercise and beer 
cc : the close ties between exercise and beer 
" the close ties between exercise and beer " by gretchen reynolds 
study finds " unequivocal correlation between exercising on any given day and subsequently drinking . " 
humans are more complicated than rodents : close ties between exercise and beer 
research explains why a long run and a cold beer is the best . thing . ever . 
yes ! beer league hockey is a good thing . " the close ties between exercise and beer " 
the close ties between exercise and beer two new studies suggest that exercise may well influence when and how ... 
" the close ties between exercise and beer " by reynolds 3nyt 
" unequivocal correlation between exercising & subsequently drinking , especially if someone exercised more than usual " 
more = more consumption ? check it out - 
the close ties between and " unequivocal correlation " 
humans " are more complicated and opaque in our behavior than rodents . " also , bartenders will serve us . 
the close ties between and via 
the tangled relationship between and maybe explains phenom 
the close ties found between and .... beer ? well that can't be right ! 
well : the close ties between and beer 
" beer , in fact , provides a substantial portion of some exercisers ’ fluid intake after workouts . " 

the holiday gift guide ! i helped ( good thing my kids won’t read ) . 
the holiday gift guide — picks for kids under 12 and more . 
what will you give your little one this holiday ? 
gifting & guiding has launched thx for including in your travel section ! 
:: 2015 holiday gift ideas and guide 
2015 holiday gift guide : ese sandman overture deluxe edition estira como loco . 
gifts season !!! [ 
it's time for the annual " completely ludicrous things nobody can afford " list , aka the ny times ' gift ideas : 
dear santa , this stuff , please >>> 
2015 holiday gift guide via 
2015 holiday gift guide from 
not sure what to get the theater lover on your holiday gift list ? we've got some suggestions . 
cute interactive gift guide , nyt 
rt gifts for food lovers 
my are in the " home " section of the holiday gift guide ! 

top prescription plan to offer $1 alternative to $750 pill 
health - drugs - ripoffs - alternatives - express scripts prescription plan to offer $1 alternative to $750 pill 
is there an industry more ripe for disruption than big pharma ? “ health plan to offer $1 alternative to $750 pill ” 
another example of why price issues are in many cases not in fact issues , but regulatory ones . 
economics at work . radical price increases created opportunities for competitors to enter the market , quickly ... 
express scripts is expected to promote a compounded medicine with the same active ingredient as the much more … 
welldone showing that 2 can play pricing game 
celebrate this ! it may affect you or someone you care about one day . 
. " express scripts had only 350 patients who used daraprim last year " $esrx $immy 
nice 
will this medication cost me $750 , $1 , or $0.01 per pill ? the curious world of prescription drug pricing . 
prescription 4 martin shkreli's greed affliction : express scripts to offer $1 alternative to $750 pill , via 
. $750 pill is facing a new headwind : an alternative that costs $1 per pill 

on hanukkah , the latke road less traveled : a twist on a holiday tradition calls f ... 
a twist on potato latke ! ... ie : not new , just a potato pancake . 

& the city . " in this age of housing policy has become more important than most realize " 
inequality and the city 
one part of income inequality issue can be solved at the local level , an economist writes : housing costs . 
" is there any way to spread the benefits of our urban renaissance more widely ? " 
paul krugman connects raising inequality , urban gentrification , housing prices and wrong kids of land regulation 
crazy working hours of high earning professionals explains relocation to cities and gentrification 
" in this age of gentrification , housing policy has become much more important than most people realize . " 
high earners are now willing to pay a lot more for central locations that cut commuting time : 
wow . paul krugman finally wrote something that wasn't complete shit . deregulation of land use = cheaper housing :) 
rt . housing + landuse policy are critical levers thru which can lead in fight v . https://… 
paul krugman on land use regulation , housing affordability , and inequality .... 
rt real progresssives who won real nobel prizes support liberalized urban land use policy to fight inequality : … 
and the has grown in recent years w/ housing shifts & 
krugman on why more housing supply is key to more equitable cities . 
rt paul krugman on addressing economic inequality in cities : build more housing via 
from paul krugman , a great look at how land use restrictions increase inequality . 
" the dramatic decline in crime rates ... and the truth is that nobody really knows why that happened " 
rt " and the city , " arguing something must be done about economic inequality in new york city . … 
rt totally agree with paul krugman on this : " ... mainly because land use restrictions are in the way . " 
not only in nyc : " in this age of gentrification , housing policy has become much more important than most ... realize " 

whistle-blower complaint directed at whistle-blower group 
rt whistle-blower complaint directed at whistle-blower group 
whistle-blower complaint against whistle-blower group ? yikes ! 
how two lawyers became whistle-blowers on their own boss ... at a whistle-blower group 
whistle-blower group found itself target of labor complaint - 
" saw it on my blackberry & i flung it in frustration across the table , ” says ms. keneally on whistle-blower award ☎️ 
national whistleblowers center settles two unfair labor complaints from employees well then . 
whistle-blower group's severance package required employees keep quiet about the experience 
whistle-blower group's own behavior . this reminiscent of thatcher , all for unions - but only if they are in poland . 
fight back pittsburgh member and total rockstar lindsey williams featured in the new york times for taking on the ... 
birkenfeld whistleblower case takes a strange turn in a story by and me 
" when lindsey williams lost her job , the news arrived abruptly , in a voice mail message from her boss 
documents show that late last year , the national whistleblowers center settled charges by two former employees of … 
mr. kohn’s own book , “ the whistleblower’s handbook , ” specifically advises “ don’t take hush money . ” 
" i immediately recognized the irony of getting fired by the national whistleblowers center " 
how 2 lawyers became whistle-blowers on their boss at the national whistleblowers center 
documents show that late last year , the national whistleblowers center settled charges by two former employees of unfair labor practices . 

promise of statehood falling far short , leading to an increasing exodus and onerous taxes 
isis as a " state " is failing , say residents . " isis wants to build a new society , but they’ll end up all alone . " 
promise of statehood falling far short , ex-residents say 
the beginning of the end for isis ? perhaps . 
" that call to join the islamic state is still going out , and having an effect , on social media and within ... 
worst enemy is itself 
promise of falling far short , ex-residents say 
isis promise of statehood falling short " students without music or art , both of which were forbidden . " 
nyt article : 
rt isis is finding out that onerous taxes and regulations are bad for the economy . … 
promise of statehood is in distress by 
rt isis dream of statehood said to be fading in new fighting 
rt that isis statehood thing is failing more than ever . " they'll end up all alone " - great report by … 
promise of statehood falling far short ; " statehood is now in distress " ; " they turned out to be thieves " 
this is why the terrorists planted the passport . excluding helps them . 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : isis promise of statehood falling far short , e … see more 
top story isis promise of statehood falling far short , ex-residen … see more 
international relations stories isis promise of statehood falling far short , ex … see more 
isis promises of statehood falling short , via 
rt to their chagrin , islamic state leaders find that they can't slit the throat of financial distress by … 
an intense tax system and lack of infrastructure among factors starting to split up isis 

a twist on the traditional challah . 
history on a bread : culture and tradition in challah 
ashkenazi jews ruined challah . 

security breach at toy maker vtech includes data on - 
" security breach at toy maker vtech includes data on … 
we've seen a few of these types of stories over the last few years . it's concerning as a parent .... 
we'll have craig peterson of tech talk joins us tomorrow on the vtech breach . 
well this is scary . time to mask our data ? 
another layer of concern to an already bad situation . security breach at toy maker includes data on children 
if you have children that use vtech toys beware ! 
at includes data on children via 
apple 
is your data secure ? don't be the next headline ! 
toy maker vtech has been hacked , exposing data of parents and children alike . 
exactly why kids shouldn't have technology until they fully understand how it works and it's risks . 
hack at vtech is disturbing with the lack of security placed on the information . response from vtech even worse ! 
5m+ security breach at hong kong toy maker vtech includes data on children ~ 
another data security breach . parents should be careful providing commercial companies with data about their kids . 
the hong kong company said that personal information of five million people had been compromised , including the ... 
security breach at toy maker includes on children 
security breach at toy maker includes data on children why/how does toy maker get kids ' birthdates ? 
yet another hack attack ... 

young palestinian women join the west bank turmoil 
young women join the turmoil 
young join the turmoil 
15 women have tried to stab israeli soldiers or civilians 
women account for about 20% of all palestinian attackers in the last two months 
young join the west bank turmoil 
young palestinian join the west bank turmoil 
palestinian women join west bank turmoil " hadeel picked up a pair of scissors & walked ... 
young palestinian women adopt unfamiliar role in seeking to become killers 
ny times : young palestinian women join the turmoil 
young palestinian women adopt unfamiliar role in seeking to attack israelis 
young palestinian women adopt unfamiliar role in seeking to … 
young palestinian women adopt unfamiliar role in seeking to become … 

fires 
chicago police superintendent is fired 
the chicago effect : investigation = cover up protracted investigations signals “ cover-up . ” mayor emanuel’s two ... 
the superintendent , garry f . mccarthy , and his department came under pressure for resisting the release of a ... 
garry f . mccarthy , chicago police superintendent , fired 
breaking news : mayor rahm emanuel has fired chicago’s police superintendent amid criticism over a police shooting 
mayor rahm emanuel is just like pres . richard nixon , conspiring to hide evidence of crime . emanuel should resign . 
rt superintendent is fired is making a difference . 
rt police superintendent is fired : … 
mayor rahm emanuel's silver bullet takes down the police superintendent not sure what it solves 
the tides are turning . 
is truly ' s twin city . as yogi berra said , " it is like deja vu all over again . " 
who else thinks it time for mayor rahm emanuel to resign ? 
reform please -- “ i’m responsible , ” he said , acknowledging a history of abuse of force by the chicago police . 

interesting piece in on how major energy transition is necessary to meet goals 
a path for climate change , beyond paris 
rt is not the finishing line . it’s the starting point 
a path beyond the paris climate change conference 
good for the economy : the process of rolling out helps to spur 
sad but true : " the pledges made in paris ... will inevitably fall short of what is needed to solve climate change . " 
nice shout out to excellent summary : a path for climate change , beyond paris 
what would an amibitious plan look like ? never mention historical emissions again ! | climate change , beyond paris 
a path for beyond paris | via 
a path for change , beyond 
“ we are not moving fast enough . we’ve got to do more . ” 
" technologies available today ... are probably not good enough to finish ( the transition ) " - 

the findings of china’s climate change report 
the findings of climate change report 
the findings of china’s changereport : china likely to face significantly higher warming than global average 
the findings of china’s report via 
check out the findings from reports , just ahead of the talks in 
what does climate change mean for china ? 
chinese report : even if 2 degrees is met , temp rises across china will be much higher : 2.7 to 2.9 degrees c 
findings of china’s climate change report china & india response to global warming may be keys to humanity's future 
report reveals china's vulnerability to climate change via 
practices will enhance the resilience . the findings of climate change report 
if the 2 degree goal is globally met , china's temperature will be much higher = 2.7 ~ 2.9 degrees 
china’s climate change report - the consequences of rising emissions for china 
average temps across china rising faster than global average . findings of china’s climate change report : 
if you think environmental regulations are bad , consider the alternative . findings of china’s climate change report 
average temperatures across china have been rising faster than the global average , says a new report by chinese govt 
china’s climate change report : the future of water and rainfall 
the findings of report 
human -induced activities raise the mercury . 
china's cc findings : warming above global average , precip up , less retaine : findings of c’s climate change report 
super brief of just-released report ( 900-page , 550 scientists & experts ) by 
must read ! " how has affected 900 pages summarised for you in this piece 
even if the goal is met globally , " temperature rises across china will be substantially higher " 
rt china bracing for temperature rises of 3 c , more floods , droughts , and rising seas . nice synopsis from … 

" receding waters in california expose artifacts to plunder " 
another byproduct of california's drought — receding waters in expose artifacts to plundering 
receding waters in calif . expose native american artifacts & archaeological sites to looters : 
receding waters in expose artifacts to plundering : archaeological sites that have rested in peace ... 

big day for p . 1 pic in arts section , 1-down clue in xword 
television's favorite role ? mom 
mother : television’s favorite role 
today's " two the most amusing moms to be found lately are on 
nytimes : television's favorite role ? mom 
mother : television's favorite role 
rt in article feat . the amazing on no les … 
mother : favorite role 


speaking of murderers , good morning ! 
family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearance 
real estate heir robert durst sued for his wife's disappearance ... is he guilty or innocent ? 
justice is definitely blind ! family of robert durst’s wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearance 
“ i am convinced that there’s no reason i shouldn’t say anything i want to anyone i want ” . 
such an insane story : family of first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearance 
one of the strangest stories , all true . family of robert durst’s 1st wife sues him for $100m in her disappearance 
family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her … track submission 
family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearan - nytimes 
family of robert durst's first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearance 
dating single family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her disa ... 
kesha likes " family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappear … 
the mother and three sisters of kathleen durst , who disappeared decades ago , are employing a rarely cited law to p … 

ask well : the effect of ' 
ask well : the laxative effect of prunes 
ever had your mom or some female relative tell you to reach out for some prunes to help you to pay more frequent ... 
the laxative effect of prunes via 
what gives prune juice , prunes and plums a laxative effect ? via 
why do prunes make us poop ?? 
ever wonder why prunes works so well for 
ask well : the laxative effect of and 
it might be the the sugar alcohol .. sorbitol . 
both prunes and prune juice have a laxative effect that is not entirely understood , but may ... 
both prunes and prune juice have a laxative effect that is not entirely understood , but may … 
in case you ever wondered : the laxative effect of prunes 

( first draft : donald trump and hillary clinton endure as ben carson recedes , poll ... ( 
" donald trump and hillary clinton endure as ben carson recedes , poll says " 
gop leaders " remain wary of attacking [ directly [ b/c of ] his vicious counterattacks " weaklings 
clinton and trump still leading the polls 
donald trump and hillary clinton hold strong while ben carson fades in new quinnipiac poll 
rt a new national poll shows the leading candidates , donald trump and hillary clinton , solidifying their positions … 
" quinnipiac’s poll shows both mrs. clinton and mr. sanders beating mr. trump handily in head-to-head matchups . " 
quinnipiac’s poll shows both clinton and sanders beating trump handily : via 
we really need 3rd party candidate as well “ donald trump and hillary clinton , solidifying their positions ” 
whoo hoo ! still in lead ! 
“ it doesn’t seem to matter what he says or who he offends , whether the facts are contested or the ‘ political ... 
first draft : donald trump and hillary clinton endure as ben … 
first draft : donald trump and hillary clinton endure as ben carson … 

!!!!! !!!! 100 notable books of 2015 
rt guantanamo diary , by our client mohamedou slahi , is one of the nyt's 100 notable books of 2015 ! paperback … 
take a peek at this year’s notable fiction , poetry and nonfiction , selected by the editors of 
rt the new york times book review picks beauty is a wound b eka kurniawan among the 100 notable books of 2015 ! … 
literature / 100 notable books of 2015 
rt 100 notable books of 2015 
100 notable books of 2015 - the new york times 
rt the shares its 100 notable books of the year : 
basically , this is our christmas shopping list : 
congrats to my dear friend , i've known for years she was notable , & now the new york times agrees . 
mt take a peek at this year’s notable fiction , poetry and nonfiction , from 
rt have a look ! 100 notable books from 2015 , compiled by . 
100 notable of 2015 
haven't read any of nyt's notable books . maybe becuase we're reading notable books of 1813 :) 
on my list ! mt " jonas salk : a life " by c . decroes jacobs 100 notable books of ' 15 : 
rt upcoming guest named one of the 100 notable books of the year . … 
congrats to on making the 100 notable books list ! 
upcoming guest named one of the 100 notable books of the year . < outstanding ! 
congrats to - new york times just named empire of cotton among the top 100 books of 2015 

rise in h.i.v. among china’s youth draws attention for 
45,000 new h.i.v. infections per year in u.s. china : 90,000 - 100,000 : 
rise in among china’s youth draws attention for 
on the rise among in 
china's draws some attention to 
fascinating !! who knew about all the gay men ? " rise in h.i.v. among chinas youth draws attention to world aids day " 
rise in h.i.v. among chinese youth raises alarms ahead of world aids day 
sharp rise in hiv infections among young gay men in china draws attention for world aids day 
did you know as of october 2015 , china had about 575,000 people living with h . i . v . /aids ? 
rise in h.i.v. among youth draws attention for 
rise in among youth draws attention 
rise in hiv among china's youth draws attention for world aids day - new york times 
keep in mind those who have left us and are living with hiv/aids . china's numbers are increasing . 
" about 575,000 people living with hiv/aids " - rise in hiv among china’s youth draws attention world aids day 
sexual transmission accounts for more than 92 percent of all new infections , more in line with international norms ,… 
rise in h.i.v. among draws attention ahead of via 
✍ rise in h.i.v. among china’s youth draws attention on world aids day 
rise in hiv among china’s youth draws attention for world aids day 

new york today : the verdict is in - 
well , we knew it , didn't we ?! 
nyt's sue craig on whether the silver corruptoin verdict could change albany's culture 

yawning and the tears that follow - - 
and the that follow - the new york times 

no surprise here . this is your coal fired power bill dollars at work . electric utilities are one of the biggest ... 
no agreement in on but is already undercutting any deal 
congress happy to interfere with president's constitutional role in climate talks , but cedes their own on trade . 
damn , why does ryan look so very ignorant and do such ignorant things ? and why is there no media to call them out ... 
ignorance and deception tactics of drives me mad and beyond : congress move to undercut climate pledge 
i'm disgusted that people who call themselves pro-life vote with corporate polluters . 
as obama pushes climate deal , republicans move to block emissions rules 
cop21 draft negotiating text : the united states is the [ leader ] of the [ free world ] and the [ in]dispensable nation . 
pass bills 2 embarrass 
pass 2 bills 2 embarrass after 
so thankful that potus has more common sense than congress congress move to undercut climate pledge 
votes in congress move to undercut climate pledge 
congress moves to undercut climate pledge 
politics : votes in u.s. congress move to undercut climate pledge 
transcending politics 
undercuting climate pledge 
gop waits until the international climate summit to say , " what the country needs now is to burn more coal ! " 
these are the same people that probably trashed the dixie chicks = traitors of the worst kind- would try to make ... 
journalist was probably laughing and crying as he published that 
votes in move to undercut pledge 
i am so sick of these assholes ! if you vote gop and you think this is good governance , you suck too . 
votes in [ pathetic ] congress move to undercut climate pledge 
these people do not get it ! we are in a climate emergency . 
votes in congress rightly move to undercut obama's lawless climate pledge 
the pooplikans are at it again ! 

greg fisk , fisheries consultant and new mayor of anchorage , found dead in his residence . 
newly-elected mayor of alaska's capital is found dead 
in other news ,,,,, 
new york times - usa - newly elected mayor of alaska capital is found dead - 
newly-elected mayor of alaska's capital is found dead 
uh this is shocking ?? there should really be more information here .. 

david letterman , even retired , keeps on interviewing 
beard ! 
david letterman is santa claus ! 
at his alma mater , ball state , mr. letterman talked with spike jonze and bennett miller about women in hollywood a … 
theme of the week : facial hair . first paul ryan : then david letterman : 
in other news , in retirement , has become santa claus . 
nytimes , kathy jesse ~ a thoughtful article on david letterman and his priorities these days . talks to spike ... 
letterman with the playoff beard this last monday in muncie , in 
let your freak flag fly . david letterman , retired , keeps on interviewing 
it was fantastic , and some of it is here : " letterman , retired , keeps on interviewing " 
re : " letterman , even retired , keeps on interviewing " 
the nyt article about dave at ball state 
david letterman's beard tho 
i think david letterman helped us reach 
attn copy desk . the caption on the 3rd pic here refers to a " mr. bennett . " ? 
mr jonze described his struggles w warner “ i didn’t fully understand how nervous people are when they give you $80m " 
forget 2016 campaign . we need a campaign : letterman , even retired , keeps on interviewing 
good to see the king at it ! 
the ' david letterman experience ' is coming to 

sam sifton of the new york times provides a menu for john sandford's latest novel saturn run in this week's hey ,... 
the readers , they ask me questions about food . i answer them for 
rt the readers , they ask me questions about food . i answer them for 
how to cook american 
" how to cook american " by sam sifton 
" how to cook american " via 
nytfashionandstyle : mr. food editor finds a classic american dish , weighs in on cooking shows ,... 
brooklyn in the building via nyt 

new territorial dominion muslims feel sense of activity by person 
" he has abandoned us " > n.j. muslim leaders feel betrayed by christie , gov they once saw as a champion 
new jersey muslims feel betrayed by chris christie 
new jersey muslims feel sense of betrayal by christie 
9/11 commission chair rebukes christie on refugees , says harmful to fighting terrorism > 
christie’s abandonment of his muslim constituents is an abject betrayal 
rt new jersey muslims feel sense of betrayal by 
rt local muslims who saw gov . chris christie as an unexpected champion are now feeling betrayed … 
rt a mere 5 yes ago , christie was denouncing rs for stands on " ground zero mosque " and immigration . great https :/ … 
some muslims in new jersey said they feel betrayed by many of gov chris christie’s statements on the campaign trail . 
. " it’s just unnecessary to be accusing this guy of things just because of his religious background . ” 
rt feel sense of betrayal by 
sad to watch republicans like christie cower to trump and scapegoat muslims for political ends . 
he did not stop nypd spying on nj arab/muslim americans . " nj muslims feel sense of betrayal by christie " 

student protesters self-absorbed and narcissistic , oklahoma college president says . 
university setting not a “ safe place ” but a place “ to learn that life isn’t about you , but about others . ” 
student protesters self-absorbed , narcissistic oklahoma college pres sez . this is not a day care . it’s a university " 
college presidents self-absorbed and narcissistic 
student protesters self-absorbed and narcissistic , oklahoma … 
student protesters self-absorbed and narcissistic , college president says : everett piper of ... 

adele on love , fame , ego and ‘ 25 ’ 
adele on love , fame , ego and ' 25 ' - new york times 
so many reasons why i love her . 
i just really love me some adele . great interview with her : 

how the paris attackers honed their assault through trial and error . 
rt how the paris attackers honed their assault through trial and error 
" abaaoud was in the database of every european country , but he returned to europe like he was going to club med " 
in contrast , this nyt story * wasn't * headlined " for abdelhamid abaaoud , religion and rage before paris attack " 
" abaaoud was in the database of every single european country " 
rt “ they try , they fail , they learn , they try again ” - important insights from team on the attackers https :/ … 
rt riveting and horrifying inside look at how the paris plot unfolded , by & co . … 
so awful to learn that officials knew paris music venues were targets , with concert-goers oblivious . 
the best article i have read so far on how the paris attacks were planned via 
how the honed their assault through trial and error . 
rt how the attackers honed their assault through trial and error 
nyt > orta doğu : state of terror : how the paris attackers honed their assault through trial and erro ... 

as trial began , a ‘ humble ’ assemblyman didn’t appear guilty to several jurors 
as trial began , a & assemblyman didn & appear guilty to several jurors 
a detailed reconstruction of how jury found silver guilty that will restore any wavering faith in jury system : 
ironic : lack of financial disclosure sealed guilty verdict : assemblyman didn’t appear guilty to several jurors 
" twelve angry men " style decision-making process focused on politician silver as a lawyer " who should know better " 
as trial began , a \'humble\' assemblyman didn\'t appear guilty to several jurors - ne 
jurors in silver trial discuss how they reached a guilty verdict 
but when they learned that mr. silver had state grant money sent dr. taub’s way , said bianca maynard , another ... 
“ just because it goes on doesn’t make it right . ” - a juror on the case . another indictment of albany . 
juror no . 6 in silver's trial sums up albany : “ just because it goes on , ” she added , “ doesn’t make it right . ” 
as trial began , a ' humble ' assemblyman didn't appear guilty … 
the new york times : several jurors were initially skeptical of the government’s case . 
as trial began , a ' humble ' assemblyman didn't appear guilty to … 
silver omitting goldberg & iryami from his financial disclosure form led last jury to convict . let that be a lesson ! 

rt this paris avenue embodies exactly what the terrorists targeted 
street spared in paris attacks embodies what terrorists targeted - - 
at the heart of last month's terror attacks , rue jean-pierre timbaud is paris in a nutshell 
avenue spared in paris attacks embodies what terrorists targeted 
my street , our neighbours . 🇫🇷 
nytimesworld : at the heart of last month's terror attacks , rue jean-pierre timbaud is paris in a nutshell … 
top story : retweets avenue spared in paris attacks embodies … see more 
street life in paris , " we are all together , on our own , and wave to each other . ” 
a paris street where there is little assimilation -- but peaceful coexistence . david 

narendra modi could make or break obama’s climate legacy 
india & us embody tension bet developed & developing nations in need of billions for transition to cleaner energy : 
india emerges as key player in paris talks 
reading - narendra modi could make or break obama’s legacy ( 
narendra modi could make or break climate legacy via 
india ' s xenophobic government against the world 
idn't find anyone better in india than jairam ramesh to talk on india's stand on the issue ? 
signficant domestic political pressure in india -> brinksmanship by modi government . 
don't fall for the modi enviro-wave , " the proposal would also see india’s carbon pollution triple in coming decades " 
rt modi could make or break obama’s climate legacy can pm move his bureaucrcy to make meaningfl conc … 
modi could make or break obama’s climate legacy can pm move his bureaucrcy to make meaningfl concessions in 
rt modi's green legacy ? india was the last major economy to submit a domestic climate change policy plan ahead of https … 
india's pm narendra modi could make or break president obama’s " climate legacy " 
rt narendra modi could make or break obama’s legacy : fm 
“ they deserve to [ … ] receive billions of dollars to make the transition to cleaner energy . ” uh . not how it works …? 
india is far more at risk from global warming & us neanderthals will use india's attitude to justify doing nothing . 
1/2 : highly patronizing article . makes it sound has responsibility towards climate legacy 
" the more criticism india comes under [ ... ] , the more applause javadekar will get in parliament & elsewhere ” 
. quotes ashley tellis on what to expect from at the paris climate talks 
largest public-private coalition for funding renewable energy announced at 
modi make or break obama’s climate legacy good intention but india needs state of emergency to tackle this issue 
more thoughts from the nyt on us-india cliamte relations . 
under pressure from tata , mahindra & ambani hope modi not 2 compromise national interest over companies biz 

photos of the day 
pictures of the day : 

" cultural shift " ? no , just another fem jihad to ruin & destroy every last thing that appeals to regular straight men 
the 2016 pirelli calendar may signal a cultural shift : 
rt “ i don’t think anyone is going to be like , ‘ damn , i wanted those naked chicks . ’” - stupidest person on planet earth https … 
is the pirelli calendar the sign of a cultural shift ? 
rt “ i thought it was a joke . " fran lebowitz , ( pirelli ) calendar girl : 
the 2016 ( self-pubbed ) pirelli calendar may signal a cultural shift 
the new pirelli showcases 12 months of fully clad women ( mostly ) chosen for their achievements . 
the 2016 may signal a cultural shift 
the pirelli calendar may signal a cultural shift 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day 
your tuesday briefing 
rt sm : morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day 
today's update from the paris climate talks : 
your tuesday briefing , via 
rt your tuesday briefing : paris , xi jinping , donald trump 

" rudolph giuliani cites 9/11 celebrations , but disputes donald trump " 
" rudolph giuliani cites 9/11 celebrations , but disputes donald trump " by alan rappeport via nyt u.s. via 
rt " muslims in nj celebrated the towers falling " has become the new " jews didn't go to work on 9/11 " : 
rudolph giuliani cites 9/11 celebrations , but disputes donald trump - new york times 
nyt : rudolph giuliani cites 9/11 celebrations , around 40 people , but disputes donald trump 
via rudolph cites 9/11 celebrations , but disputes 
giuliani cites 9/11 celebrations , but disputestrump " 911 ! thufferin ' thuccotash ! 911 ! said what ? 911 ! " 
giuliani partly corroborates trump's claim , but also disputes the number . via 
nytimes : rudolph giuliani said there were 9/11 celebrations , but that donald trump exaggerated . 
even rudy giuliani seems to dispute trump's claim of " thousands " taking part in 9/11 celebrations 
first draft : rudolph giuliani cites 9/11 celebrations , but disputes … 
first draft : rudolph giuliani cites 9/11 celebrations , but disputes donald tru ... 

rt uh-oh ! repubs can't get frankenstein back in the box ! you lose - dems keep the wh ! https :/ … 
wary of donald trump , g.o.p. leaders are caught in a standoff : 
money & gop cower in front of trump -- what are mere candidates to do ? find out dec15 9pmest live-tweet of next debate 
it seems the republican party has collapsed . if liberals don't vote en masse in 2016 ... 
electoral experts : what are chances trump could do enough down ticket damage to flip congress ? i'm guessing small . 
. dying party picks its poison- trump or cruz - at its core , gop has always been fascistic . 
gop too afraid to govern : is afraid of criticism . wary of donald trump , gop leaders are caught in a standoff . 
republican leaders are starting to panic that donald trump could become their nominee . 
the problem isn't that trump is insulting . problem is his receptive audiences via 
rt gop establishment hates trump : gop conservatives hate trump : gonna be a … 
rt panic as g.o.p. realizes isn’t going away 
rt courage is the senator attacking trump on background 
republicans are panicking over their voters ' taste in presidential candidates . 
fascism is killing the republican party . gop picks its poison - trump or cruz 
" wary of donald leaders are caught in a standoff " via / vía 
top gop officials ' hand-wringing over trump is a bit pitiful , given their rw media allies 
we must change our government to limit campaign contributions . i share the following article as proof . i'm not ... 
i'm hoping this is literally all they included in their email . 
oh , is the party deciding that trump wouldn't be a good nominee ? huh , that's weird . 
. gop picks its poison- trump or cruz - at its core , gop is fascistic . 
" the insult-spewing media figure " synonym of the day 
rt panic , and paralysis , as gop realizes trump isn't fading ... 
rt hey , gop elites : you live by the big tent , you die by the big tent . 
irritation is giving way to panic : gop leaders fear trump nomination would lead to electoral wipeout . 
gop establishment , panicking over prospect of trump as nominee , testing definition of what a party is 
some gop leaders value trump only because he keeps cruz down , akin to iran/iraq war -- they hope neither wins . 
a trump nomination could take out ohio gop sen. rob portman and many others , republican leaders say ... very quietly 
rt i really can't think of a more fitting comeuppance for establishment republicans than this https://… 

for robert dear , religion and rage before planned parenthood attack . 
the who shot and killed people at is a violent man . not " occasionally violent " 
robert dear believed he was doing god's work at the planned parenthood shooting 
chilling portrait of a man who , in a healthy society , would not have had access to guns . 
i have to say it . i've seen little to none response from christians in general about the pp shooter , which is ... 
let's not call him a christian terrorist : robert dear , religion and rage before planned parenthood attack 
profile of an american religious terrorist . mr. trump , an id card for this fellow ? mr. rubio , a way to export him ? 
carly's minion . 
dear glued locks to pp ( & praised army of god , which supports killing abortion providers ( 
rt the planned parenthood shooter's history of domestic violence indicates that he's been a terrorist for a while now . https :/ … 
for robert dear , a serial abuser of women , idiosyncratic religious views and rage before planned parenthood attack ~ 
from tim wise : a clear portrait of a misogynistic , christo-fascist terrorist , whom the right wing has to own ... he ... 
for colorado springs shooter robert dear , religion and rage before planned parenthood attack 
rt planned parenthood gunman profiled . religious , apocalyptic , sinful . sounds familiar : … 
dear " extremely evangelistic , " anti-abortion , woman abuser , accused rapist , gun charge conviction 
as mary daly said , " if god is male , then the male is god . " robert dear perfectly exemplifies the kind of ... 
definition of a domestic terrorist 18 u.s.c. § 2331 defines " international terrorism " and " domestic terrorism " ... 
bluestate2016 : rt licktheglich : religion and rage before planned parenthood attack 
[ tw-dv ] robert lewis dear was a womanizing , woman beater , and rapist — who loved god 
rt who's surprised ? religion + rage seems ripe for the making of a religious right , you own it . it's yours https://… 
for and before attack 
rt like so many other mass shooters , col . killer is a christian : why do we keep letting these people i … 
rt robert dear : religion & rage before attack evangelical domestic abuser , supporter of murdering … 
rt terrorist who attacked planned parenthood is " extremely evangelistic " christian doing " god’s work . " who would guess ? htt … 
rt the definitive deep dive on the man accused in the planned parenthood attack , written by https://… 
rt special report : the suspect in the colorado rampage was a recluse who longed for women , and mixed religion with rage … 
robert dear , religion & rage b4 pp attack angry white christian terrorists more dangerous than syrian refugees 
for religion and rage before planned parenthood attack 
for robert dear , religion & rage . hey , i demand to know whether christians sympathise with this terrorist !!! 
why is he not called ?! for robert dear , and rage before attack 
another narcissist killer acting on his pathetic delusions . “ he believed he was doing god’s will . " 
why we need better in this country as well as a lot less 

meanwhile , is expands control in libya : 
rt isis ’ grip on libyan city gives = fallback thanks to obama-hillary indifference to failing and t … 
isis ’ grip on libyan city gives = fallback thanks to obama-hillary indifference to failing and then failed state 
rt in public beheadings have started . radio stations no longer play music . … 
dear derek leaders & commanders are preparing to join because airstrikes in read 
because bombing from heads and commanders plan to move to 
isis ’ grip on libyan city gives it a fallback option 
“ a great exodus of is leadership in syria and iraq is now establishing itself in libya ” 
rt isis in libya : the public beheadings have started . the radio stations no longer play music . https … 
renzi , & warn about isis threat from libya ... 
isis & grip on libyan city gives it a fallback option 
isis is moving terrorists to libya , controlling surt . apparently they can move freely , and even visit relatives : 
nyt : isis-held territories in libya are now being controlled by isis hq like an actual colony , not just " affiliate " 
rt libya is becoming an isis stronghold , but at least we don't have to worry about gadaffy meddling in african affairs https://… 
meanwhile , isis controls gadaffi's hometown surt if anyone's asked clinton , i haven't seen it 
retweeted plumes singesⓐntifa ( al-baghdadi head of in think to ... 
al-baghdadi head of in think to leave to because airstrikes 
how about isis in control of gadaffi hometown surt . that should be a big deal . 
rt isis establishes a colony in surt , libya , while other militias dither . by … 
libyan city of sirte is now an actively colony of islamic state , giving isis a fallback option for the caliphate 
daesh has exclusive control of 150+ miles of mediterranean coastline ~ 400 miles southeast of sicily : 
isis in libya : there next for air strikes ?? 
could you ask in the hoc if we'll pursue isil into libya , or is forcing them out of syria " success " ? 
rt libya going well then ... " the first public beheadings have started " - isis ’ grip on libyan city 
rt today at 5 , ny times ' eric schmitt joins on this very important article -> isis ' grip on libya … 
rt hardline fighters flocked 2 in 2012-13 ; now making reverse journey … 
rt libya's surt is now an actively managed colony of the central islamic state , crowded with foreign fighters … 
rt isis in libya : public beheadings started . radio stations no longer play music - … 
meantime in 
rt hate ny times ' initial cap headlines . but this is a terrific piece re isis of a kind you never see in the uk press . https … 

" leader of taliban splinter group allied with isis is killed " 
mullah dadullah : dead , or just a flesh wound ? 
leader of splinter group allied with isis is killed 
nyt : 1/12/2015 sec/official says-leader of splinter group mullah mansour was killed in oct 
leader of taliban splinter group allied with isis killed , by david jolly and 
top story : retweets leader of taliban splinter group allied … see more 
mullah mansour dadullah , leader of taliban splinter allied w/isis , killed last month in gunfight w/ core taliban 
leader of allied with is killed - 
leader of splinter group allied w/ is killed , removing a major rival of the 

the last 
the last dalai lama ? come visit constellation ( panchen lama ) by 
must read , his holiness changed so many lives : the last dalai lama ? 
“ this was why [ the dalai lama ] had turned away from organized religion … ” 
pankaj mishra ruminates despondently on the dalai lama , admires his iconoclasm , and sees little hope for the future . 
the last dalai lama ? : it could only be a matter of time before tibet , too , was free . the dalai lama still trav ... 
the last dalai lama ? maybe 
the last dalai lama ? at 80 , tenzin gyatso is still an international icon , but the future of his office is in doubt . 
the last dalai lama ? who cares ? the second-to-last pope . who cares ? 
what will happen after the dies ? 
is tenzin gyatso going to be the last dalai lama ? 
" in that innocent era , universal triumph of liberal capitalism & democracy seemed assured " those days are gone now 
an insightful piece about the dalai lama and his legacy in the 
new piece on & how " the future of his office — and of the tibetan people — has never been more in doubt . " 
in case you wanted to learn more about the dalai lama , the man : 
rt ‘‘ i feel i can be useful for at least next 10 years . ’’ tells pankaj mishra 
an excellent article on the and the current situation in today's by pankaj ... 
lengthy article with a lot of interesting bits . 
‘‘ nonsense!’’ he thundered . ‘‘ if i am a living god , then how come i can’t cure my bad knee ? ’’ 
" no longer feasible to construct ethical existence on the basis of traditional religion in multicultural societies . " 
thorough but somewhat pessimistic article about current and future role of dalai lama . synopsis of more recent ... 
the dalai lama listened with concern and then said , ‘‘ criticism in india of modi is growing . ’’ 
wine 

new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in the united states 
the number of new diabetes cases are on the decline 
healthy messages are working ! new diabetes cases begin to fall in the united states 
rt lost in headline - disparities may be worse . can't say it enough . | new diabetes cases begin to fall in u.s. … 
good news : the united states is - finally - starting to see a decline in new cases of 
new cases of diabetes sees first sustained decline in decades , the reports : | 
rt new cases , at long last , begin to fall in the united states . 
" it’s not yet time to have a parade " new cases , at long last , begin to fall in the u.s. 
while these data are encouraging , it's worth noting that in 1980 the annual number of new cases was just 493 , 000 ,... 
after years of increasing rates , the number of new cases in the us has finally started to decline : 
rt the rate of new us diabetes cases fell by 20% from ' 08-'14 , the first sustained decline in 25 years . 
rt new diabetes cases begin to fall in the united state- but still double % of ppl w/ in early 90s … 
rt new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in usa 
rt it's finally entered into the consciousness of our population that a sedentary lifestyle is a real problem-d . nathan ht … 
good news - the number new cases of is finally decreasing in the us , but much more work to be done 
incidence is dropping in the us 
rt great news for our patients and to our medical team new diabetes ca … 
great news for our patients and to our medical team new diabetes cases fall in the us 
we need to sustain the progress ... nytimes : new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in u.s. 
wonder if this is at all aca related ? piece doesn't mention it but .... 
. diabetes in america in on the decline : 
rt yes . the # of new diabetes cases in the u.s. has started to decline , after decades of increases . … 
someone is listening to what we say . diabetes cases are actually reducing . come join the fun ! 
rt new diabetes cases begin to fall in the u.s. ; eating habits , after decades of deterioration , improve 
new cases begin to fall , albeit unevenly , in the us 
good news , but we still have a way to go ! new cases finally beginning to fall in u.s. 
wahoo ! new cases , finally begin to fall in the united states 
a turnaround as evolves : new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in the us 
from 50 cans of to < 7 a week-less intake & more finally slowing tide of 

the peculiar ascent of bill murray to secular saint -- 
bill murray's bizarre fan following 
bill murray is the man 
a little something to read while you wait for the release of " a very murray christmas " 12/4 : 
bill murray . secular saint . 
bill murray , the pop-icon . note : you can't fake these things . 
" lost in the funny retellings is the melancholy reality of an older , divorced dad partying with 20-somethings . " 
love this . bill murray = best . via 
the ( not so , imho ) peculiar ascent of bill murray to secular saint ( c/o 
rt why bill murray is the new che guevara 
" as mr. glazer wrote in his recent vanity fair cover article on his old friend , there is no equivalent for the ... 
how does one resist the coolness of bill murray ? 
bill murray : an excellent article on from today's 
the cult of bill murray is populated with sad white people who are trying way , way to hard to be hip and cool . 
the other brother bill ... 
rt bill murray - the new che guevara ? 
am i the only 1 who totally missed bill murray's supposed " secular sainthood " ?… 
rt san bill murray . 
the peculiar ascent of to secular saint 

aung san suu kyi and the head of myanmar's military met today , a step toward sharing power 
the new york times : aung san suu kyi and myanmar general meet . y lo va a lograr ! 
aung san suu kyi and myanmar general meet , taking steps toward sharing power 
aung san suu kyi met with top general on wednesday , a crucial first step in the transition of power . 
goo news aung san suu kyi and myanmar general meet , taking steps toward sharing power - new … 
rt the lady and the general meet in first face-to-face talks since myanmar election . 
aung san suu kyi and myanmar general meet , taking steps toward sharing power : the talks were th ... 
important meeting assk & head of myanmar's military met , step twd sharing power 
rt army chief in myanmar meets with suu kyi " we had a good discussion , and everything is o.k. " ht … 
the talks were the first face-to-face foray in what will surely be complex negotiations over how ms. aung san suu kyi and senior gen . min aung hlaing will govern . 

for survivors of paris attacks , mental scars may outlast wounds : 
ne les oublions pas ... paris scars run deep in wounded victims 
most of the wounded and their families , and a large number of medical personnel , are receiv ... 
for survivors of mental scars may outlast wounds 
for of mental scars may outlast wounds 
many survivors of the are seriously injured or still in intensive care ; others have severe ptsd . 
in understanding how terrorism is intended to continue to negatively affect people who experience , directly and ... 
rt " the paris hospitals network ... typically sees only five gunshot patients a year . " let that sink in . … 

dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son ’ tells the story of his mother’s murder . 
beautiful that dave navarro can get around the trauma and remember his mother as she was . 
attn 
new york times piece on our new release mourning son .... 
mourning son tells the story of a boy's journey through trauma to resilience . “ after my mom was killed , i had ... 
gripping : " one of the ways trauma survivors get past trauma is to walk through the ugliness , " dave navarro said . 
dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son , ’ the story of his mother's loss , shows us the healing power of humor thru dark times : 
is more widespread than you realize . dave navarro’s tells the story of his mother’s murder 
dave navarro’s confronts his mother's killer in new documentary . " he's just an old guy dying in jail . " 
. ‘ mourning son ’ tells the story of his mother’s murder , via 
hope i don't have to wait until next to see dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son ’ 
“ i had to dig into the trauma to get to the beauty . " documentary on survivor 
awesome article in the ny times on my man dave navarro's new doc available 12/01/2015 and directed by one of my ... 
his story to tell : dave navarro’s mother was murdered by her ex boyfriend 
not your typical rock star movie 
the most interesting story you'll read this week : dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son ’ the story of his mother’s murder 
i'm excited to watch this but know i will cry ! ‘ mourning son ’ tells the story of his mother’s murder 

claims that mtv news video backs donald trump's assertion of mass 9/11 celebrations is debunked 
first draft : claim that video backs trump’s assertion of mass 9/11 celebrations is debunked 
claim that video backs donald trump’s assertion of mass 9/11 celebrations is debunked 
yes , campaign desperately want to pretend he isn't a huge lying gasbag . 
rt nytimes : claims that mtv news video backs donald trump's assertion of mass 9/11 celebrations is debunked 
first draft : claim that video backs trump’s assertion of mass 9/11 celebrations is debunked : claims that a vid ... 
first draft : claim that video backs trump’s assertion of mass 9/11 celebration ... unete a 

... who shared ' inside look ' at af-am pastor/trump meeting . whatever ur political stance , it's hard to stop watching 
‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
rt here's link to nyt piece claiming blacks are " polarized " ( i.e. deeply split ) over trump ; 
‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
“ they liked me , and i liked them . ” & his delusional outlook on his meeting with black leaders 
coons who love trump also love jesus . ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
‘ love ’ and disbelief follow meeting with black leaders also lies , of course . 
understatement of the day : “ it appears as if he’s a possible racist based upon some of the things he said about ... 
donald trump meeting with black leaders sharpton : " jesus was a refugee ! " he never left his country , rev ! 
donald trump meets with black pastors , gop & reality tv participants 
‘ love ’ and disbelief : trump meeting w black leaders <>< it's clear that can ooze * anything * w a str8 maw 
trump , on meeting black ministers : " they liked me , " was " great love in the room . " were they in the same room ? 
nytimes : ‘ love ’ and disbelief follow trump meeting with black leaders 
nyt says "' love ' and disbelief " , i say wtf ???? also this : " other than the organizer of the event , mr. [ bruce ] ... 
the closing line of this article : i see your sass , and i like it . 
why do we even need " black leaders " or " latino leaders " or even " white leaders " for anyway ? so much stupidity ... 
- ‘ love ’ and disbelief follow meeting with 
blacks endorse trump ? go test this out in the hood ! disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
why in the world would they attend in the first place !!! 
. meeting with black leaders ends with ' love ' and skepticism . 

uncertainty . frenzy . and then donald trump appeared . 
" uncertainty . frenzy . and then donald trump appeared . " by maggie haberman and john corrales via nyt 
we're expecting a yuuge amount of endorsements . too many to count , like the # of pastors who showed 

what david carr taught us 
" always have something better in the works ” - what david carr taught us 
. " i looked into my notebook from a year ago and it said ' ask questions but ask the right questions . '" 
as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire journalists 
david carr memories former editor anne schindler part of the cult of carr 
‘ you have to break some eggs to make an omelet , ’ 
rt as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire journalis … 

fever extends to an ancient irish island 
‘ star wars ’ fever extends to an ancient irish island 
so , the is talking about - it was only a matter of time 
and the second best place is a unesco site in ireland : 
be sure and go see star wars this christmas , featuring our own spectacular skellig michael . it's set to bring a ... 
another reason to look forward to star wars vii 
the destination profile benefits for kerry are rolling in 
‘ star wars ’ extends to an ancient island 
‘ star wars ’ more of a teaser than a spoiler 
‘ wars ’ fever extends to an ancient irish island 
ireland , " star wars , " and the mystical something ... 
from the mists of time .. ' star wars ’ fever extends to an ancient irish island 
so what is ireland's mystical site of skellig michael doing in new star wars ? my guess : retirement home for jedi 
" but now , its relative obscurity seems about to end in a blaze of silver-screen glory . " i love the 
i love this : " but you’d sooner keep a wookiee from roaring than an irishman from regaling a willing audience ... " 

bernie sanders is making his case to millennials — and everyone else , too . new york times : 
bernie sanders , your cool socialist grandpa 
" to understand how mr. sanders has outperformed expectations in the democratic primary , you have to look at how ... 
' s political career " comes down to surprising people and exceeding expectations . ” 
📰 your cool socialist grandpa 👉 📢 📢 
bernie sanders : tu abuelo socialista buena onda . your cool socialist grandpa 
. our cool socialist grandpa : he represents an unyielding crusader ... 
" [ sanders ] is a brutally successful political knife-fighter . " hjaffe 
" enter mr. sanders , an almost painfully earnest politician seemingly burdened with the ambition and moral cert ... 
commenters on call bullshit on establishment writer who did latest hit piece : 
in bloodsport of 2-party politics , purity still a less desirable quality than ruthless electability 
bernie sanders , your cool 😎 socialist grandpa 
rt corbyn in uk , sanders in us . seems things are starting to move in the right direction . indian politics ??? … 
yes of course . ' nuance ' and ' issues ' or whatever . but if you had to bullet point it , this headline about sums it ... 

in baseball , a sparkling consolation prize 
the said they expected to make nl championship rings , even though they lost the series to the royals . 
rt " mets getting rings for losing world series ? " a well deserved tradition . … 
to the winners , a ring . and to the losers , also a ring . 

comedian jim gaffigan on how to travel with five kids 
great interview about the joys of traveling with 5 kids and so funny ! " they’re very resilient . imagine that every ... 
people think " international travel it’s not worth it because kids don’t get it . i think they do . " 
" traveling with 3- and 4-year-old boys is like transferring serial killers from a prison . " 
jim gaffigan on traveling with kids 🙉 
a conversation with the comedian , who took his wife and five children on a monthlong bus tour this summer . 
road trip ! jim gaffigan , his wife , and a busload of kids . 
love him . comedian on how to travel with five kids 
yep . " we didn’t get a lot of sleep on bus tour " said " but we don’t get a lot of sleep at home anyway ” 
rt . has tips on how to travel with 5 kids ( no , leaving them behind is not one of them ) … 
rt get to know more about comedian before his show here at the garden on 12/12 ! … 

even the paper you write for and the link you tweeted said he was ordered to pay $100k . 
u.s. marine guilty in killing of transgender woman in philippines 
u.s. marine found guilty in the philippines for the murder of a transgender woman . 
u.s. marine guilty in killing of transgender woman in phillipines 
u.s. marine found guilty in the philippines for the murder of a woman . 
us marine guilty in killing of transgender woman in philippines - new york times 
u.s. marine guilty in killing of transgender woman in … 

how to most accurately diagnose high blood pressure , with comments by prof . david maron 
blood pressure , a reading with a habit of straying 
" you will lose more quality months or years of by checking your b.p. frequently than you if you did not " 
obsessing over pressure numbers is not a good idea 
share an update or mention someone using 
the answer is abpm ! 
blood pressure measured in a doctor’s office can be wrong about half the time : 
" reading blood pressure seems like a simple matter ... but your numbers can change several times a day " via 
do you have high blood pressure ? then read this article and stop asking me stupid questions . 
measuring blood pressure is trickier than a simple cuff , uab expert says via 
is your blood pressure high ? ... more difficult to know than one would think . if yes , do you need treatment ? ...... 
measurement error in blood pressure ( and this doesn't even get into the white coat effect ) 
when blood pressure readings have a habit of jumping 
steady blood pressure ? it can jump around 40 points in a single day . 
2 numbers to make your head swim 
nyt : people with high normal blood pressure risk receiving misleading diagnoses and being treated unnecessarily . 
a reading with a habit of straying via 
his advice to patients is to abstain from obsessively monitoring their blood pressure . 
reading blood pressure seems simple . but your numbers can change several times a day . 
measuring it once is a relatively simple task . measure it again and again , and you might find yourself on a roller-coaster ride . 

impt new research findings for families . how zuckerberg’s example helps fight stigma of family leave via 
will zuck’s 2 months off impact how we think about paid family leave ? via 
how mark zuckerberg’s example helps fight stigma of family leave 
work-life balance : how mark zuckerberg’s example helps fight stigma of family ... 
how mark zuckerberg’s example helps fight stigma of family leave love people with common sense of life . happy family 
via how mark zuckerberg’s example helps fight stigma of family leave 
how mark zuckerberg’s example helps fight stigma of family leave via 
really zuckerberg ? you of all people ? absurd . 
work-life balance : how mark zuckerberg’s example helps fight stigma of … 
latest news update from luisa florez . work-life balance : how mark zuckerberg’s example helps fight stigma of famil … 
work-life balance : how mark zuckerberg’s example helps fight stigma … 
work-life balance : how mark zuckerberg’s example helps … 
new fathers in california have been more likely to take leave since the state began paying for it in 2004 , a study says , but it is much less common among fathers than mothers . 

russians unlikely to attack isis in syria , obama says 
rt pres . obama on climate change : “ ... i actually think we’re going to solve this problem " 
russians unlikely to attack isis in obama says 
obama defends presence at climate change talks while syria war rages 
defends presence at talks while war rages 
when has been truthful or right for that matter ... | russians unlikely to attack in obama says 
rt takes climate change seriously , while obstinately builds a massive dump in flood zone a . … 
obama defends presence at talks while syria war rages via 

what climate change looks like : dying pine forests 
what climate change looks like : dying forests 

trump tells georgia crowd his critics can’t take a joke 
trump tells georgia crowd his critics can't take a joke 
donald trump tells georgia crowd his critics can't take a joke - new york times 
donald trump tells a campaign rally in georgia that his critics can't take a joke 
" donald trump tells georgia crowd his critics can’t take a joke " by patrick healy via nyt 
donald trump “ was in full insult mode at a campaign rally here on monday night as he egged on a man who called ... 
" i'm just joking " seems to be a common deflection . even trump is using it : 
do republicans really want a president who's in " full insult mode ? " trump tells ga crowd via 
" the teeth of that skull gleam and grin horribly . " 
trump has jokes . the sanders one should make political junkies laugh , at least . via 
trump shows no respect for the office he supposedly seeks . 
donald trump calls john kasich a " total stiff " in georgia after ohio gov runs ads critical of him via 
man in crowd shouted president was a “ dumbass , ” trump egging the man on : “ go ahead , say it again — louder . ” 
man in the crowd shouted president was a “ dumbass , ” trump egging the man on : “ go ahead , say it again — louder . ” 
trump egged on a man who called obama a “ dumbass ” and lit into senator bernie sanders — “ may he rest in peace ” 
would that for every mention of t , you give 5 mentions to bernie . rt donald trump ... 
most adults can distinguish an adult joke from an adolescent one . but not all can . 
trump tells rally that his critics can't take a joke fascist bullying is not funny 

how the organizer of the paris attacks slipped through authorities ’ hands 
" from late summer we knew something big was being planned , ” tracing the ringleader of the attacks , via nyt 
scary 
nytimes : how the organizer of the attacks slipped through the authorities ’ hands . 
tracing abdelhamid abaaoud's key movements in the months leading up to 
loading … 
brussels -> aleppo , cologne -> istanbul , athens -> syria , syria -> france : path leading up to 
how the organizer of the slipped thru authorities ’ hands , linked to 4 foiled plots earlier this year 
the organizer of the paris attacks crisscrossed europe and the middle east for years 
organizer was on a belgian watchlist and had been linked to at four terrorist plots foiled this year 
who's to blame ? germany let mastermind slip through to turkey . france/belgium didn't know he returned 
click here " how the organizer of the paris attacks slipped through authoriti … 
nulinhos " by josh keller , haeyoun park and jeremy white via nyt november 30 , 2015 at 03:00 am 

which debt payments to make ? 
puerto rico begins choosing which bills to pay 
puerto rico begins choosing which bills to pay via 
so what system of corruption put the people of purerto under financial water . any patterns noticed yet people 
rt “ a distress call from a ship of 3.5 million people adrift at sea " puerto rico choosing which debt payments to make … 
begins choosing which to make 
puerto rico meets debt deadline but warns of tight finances 

isis followers in u.s. are diverse and young ... 
isis followers in the u.s. are diverse and young , study shows 
900 isis cases . fbi typically has about 10,000 open counterterrorism inquiries . ... tips not substantiated . 
followers in are diverse and young 
followers in are diverse and young diffuse profile adds risk to community & provides argument to bigots . 
can tell isis in the news he is sending troops to ' kill them ' .. but fails to tell america that is ... 
56 arrests in u.s. this year related to isis , study says 
isis followers in the us are diverse and young 
71 individuals arrested in us on charges related to isis march 2014 , including 56 this year 
rt 56 arrests in the u.s. this year related to isis , study says . reports … 
" hardened militants , teen girls , petty criminals and college students " isis followers in u.s. ( nyt ) ( v . 
rt 56 arrests in us this year for isis plots or support . many are converts , many young . via 
interesting study of isis followers in the us : young , mostly citizens , many coverts and women . 
followers in the us are diverse and usually under 30 , a new research says 
in are and 
i blame climate change . 
nytimes : isis followers in the u.s. are diverse and young , researchers have found . 
followers in u.s. are diverse and young - the new york times 
isis/daesh followers in u.s. are diverse and young - much as is the case in other western countries 
study : followers in u.s. are diverse & young - vast majority not 
rt " islamic state " followers in u.s. are diverse , young and drawn heavily from 

your wednesday briefing 
morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day 
rt sm : morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day 
with climate talks in paris , at last someone is noting humboldt's warnings in 1800 about climate change 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

tahir elci , human rights defender 
the killing of a human rights defender in turkey underscores gthe growing challenges facing kurds there 
rt tahir elci , human rights defender 
rt indictment said wilson principle on self-determination is ref point for " ethnic terrorism " … 
indictment said wilson principle on self-determination is ref point for " ethnic terrorism " by 
by : tahir elci said " said both sides — the pkk and the state — were all too eager to return to war ... " 
retweeted nicholas kristof ( the killing of a human rights defender in turkey underscores gthe ... 
killing of a kurdish bridge builder in turkey -- 
a beautiful tribute to from always interesting 
tahir human rights defender 

the curious incident of the duc t-t aped dog on facebook 
not everything you do in your life must be posted to social media . especially the terrible things - 
animal rights supporters are increasingly playing detective online , calling out abuse and calling the authorities . 
the curious incident of the on facebook 
well now the nytimes picked it up so they need to care ! 
media alert : this incident made it into the ny times !!! be aware of how you treat other living beings . social ... 

photos of the day 
pictures of the day : 

readers debate the wisdom of pursuing a lost 
true ! " more fun to imagine lost romances than to plug away at real one ... imaginary romance is light , fluffy & airy . " 
" we don’t have many chances to find love , let alone true love . " 
on lost loves : we all have at least one , right ? would you pursue yours ? 
these are funny - you can tell which were originally posted on fb & * clearly * meant for a particular person to see : 
" we don’t have many chances to find true love . take that leap of faith , you may be surprised " , i love this column ❤ ️ 

putin’s syrian misadventure 
friedman's timid entry in the syria/irak " border engineering " camp : " create a semiautonomous “ sunnistan ” 
thomas friedman calling for a " sunnistan " in iraq led by moderates . i'm dying of laughter 
. friedman's latest confused , at sea , bewildered , ou t-t o-lunch , baffled , unscrewed take on syria 
" truth be told , i wish putin had succeeded . it would have saved us all a lot of trouble . " via 
the russian president’s bold moves have had costly repercussions for his country without making real advances against isis . 

cultural institute puts us all onstage - 
rt the google cultural institute is using 360-degree video to put you onstage with ballerinas … 
" stand " onstage at the palais garnier , with paris opera ballet , via google's 360-degree video 
rt the digital concert hall reimagined ? google's immersive on-stage arts experience by … 
are able to make you feel part of their but only can bring you onstage for real 
rt when tech meets art and culture and customer experience , everyone wins 
puts us all onstage - provide narrative , behind the scenes + context 
rt to sit amid the musicians of the philadelphia orchestra , just hit play . google puts viewers onstage by h … 
360-degree video featuring the philadelphia orchestra 
retweeted paul carvill ( “ google provide the gee-whiz technology ... ” 
rt “ google provide the gee-whiz technology ... ” 
technology is amazing . performing it live is even better ! 
we love technology and what it can do , but we know for real what it's like to be in the middle of a symphony ! 
[ nyt theater ] puts us all onstage 
rt go onstage with 360° video of dance my story : … 
can we simply say " ooooooooh " ? check out the google cultural institute , here ! 
google gives you 360 degree access to stages and performances all over the world ! 

an internal email shows that vw successfully argued for easing e.u. emissions tests . and report 
" vw argued for easing new e.u. tests on emissions " 
lobbied to remove two key parts of europe’s auto emissions tests according to 
nytimesbusiness : an internal email shows that vw successfully argued for easing e.u. emissions tests . dannyhakim a … 
" such topics must be deleted . " how vw ordered the eu commission to make changes to new emissions tests 
auto emissions control comes in various forms . by and 
vw successfully argued for easing two new e.u. tests on emissions is spineless 
new e.u. tests on emissions ?... oh , no !!! 
danny hakim and claire barthelemy 
lobbied for easing new eu tests on emissions 
it was “ part of the normal exchange of expertise that is part of every lawmaking in the e . u . ” precisely the problem . 
while europe seizes high ground at lobbied to ease new world benchmark e.u. emissions ' tests 
das auto and its lobbyists : volkswagen is actively shaping new eu car emissions tests . with 
nytimesbusiness : auto emissions control comes in various forms . by dannyhakim and cbtly 
argued for easing new on 
vw argued for easing new eu tests on emissions - new york times 
" such topics must be deleted , " volkswagen executive emailed european commission on new emissions tests 🚗💨 
rt " such topics must be deleted . " internal email shows how volkswagen pushed for changes to new eu car emissions tests : … 

" at home , chris christie hears a dissenting newspaper voice " 
at home in new jersey , chris christie hears a dissenting newspaper voice 
chris christie gets a homegrown rebuttal to the nh union leader endorsement 

no sex , please . i have a game tomorrow . 
seattle seahawks quarterback russell wilson has taken a public vow of celibacy . will it help him on the field ?… 
famous , manly men have weird sexual habits , the reports . 
ha haaha ha ... ha ha ...... ha ????? is this a joke this is a joke right 
lol ! very interesting article about pre-game practices : no please . i have a tomorrow . 
" sex blackout " is such a severe term 
will russell wilson's public abstinence affect his football season ? a look at the history of celibacy in sports : 
caption of the day 
“ i have to ease off on making love when writing hard as the two things are run by the same motor . ” hemingway 

how would you give away your fortune ? 
rt if you were mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan , tell us how you would give away $45 billion , and why ? 
if you were in their position , what charities or causes would you support ? tell us below . we may publish a selection … 
planglobal : rt nytimes : if you were mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan , tell us how you would give away $45 billio … 
rt this is mark and priscilla chan 2 give away 99% of their $45b in sto … 
" if you were zuckerberg and chan , how you would give away $45 billion . " it will actually be hard work ! 
this is mark and priscilla chan 2 give away 99% of their $45b in stock 

spain’s prized ibérico hams can’t cure fast enough for 
rt the chinese appetite for spanish pork stretches all the way down its production chain https://… 
spain's prized ibérico hams can't cure fast enough for china via 
“ spanish ham is a very unique product , but it’s also seen as healthy , which is a real asset when you’re selling ... 
chinese consumers are lining up for a delicacy from spain 
" spain’s prized hams can’t cure fast enough for 
nytimesbusiness : chinese consumers are lining up for a delicacy from spain 
prized can’t cure fast enough for 
chino-ibérico : prized hams can't cure fast enough for boosting price . 
chinese consumers have entered the market for spanish pork hams with gusto 
rt amyyqin : this is a great ' china in the world ' piece - on china's growing appe … 
ny times on the chinese affinity for spanish hams 
this is a great ' china in the world ' piece - on china's growing appetite for spanish ibérico ham 
rt amyyqin : this is a great ' china in the world ' piece - on china's growing … 
hands off , china , this ham is mine 
rt spain’s ibérico hams can’t cure fast enough for china i've not yet seen any legs at sheung shui stat … 
huge success of iberico pork in china shows asian appetite for western specialty foods : 
spain’s ibérico hams can’t cure fast enough for china i've not yet seen any legs at sheung shui station but ... 

supreme court says woman injured in austria can’t sue in u.s. 
" supreme court says woman injured in austria can’t sue in u.s. " by adam liptak via nyt 
wtf ? she is so fucking dumb to try and board a moving train and she wants damages ? dumb bitch ! rofl 
supreme court says woman injured in austria can't sue in us - new york times 
place of injury prevails in suit ; no exception to for austrian nat'l railway per 
carol p . sachs of california , who lost her legs after a train accident in innsbruck , sought to sue the railroa ... 
supreme court says woman injured in can’t sue in u.s. 
supreme court says woman injured in austria can’t sue in … 
buys train ticket in us , but loses legs in an austrian train accident . scotus : can't sue in the us . 
supreme court in unanimous decision says woman injured in austria can’t sue in u.s. 

hard to believe that in 2015 we need to keep talking about the gold standard . but apparently we do . 
the good old days of the gold standard ? not really , historians say 
ted cruz thinks a gold standard insulates an economy from booms and busts . 
the good old days of the gold standard ? not really " the gold standard did not even work during periods of calm " 
republican presidential candidates abjectly ignorant of monetary policy : 
rt the gold standard , an idea that long ago lost currency among economists , remains popular among gop politicans : … 
chicagou asked 40 economists whether gold standard would improve lives of avg americans . all 40 : no 
oh we're talking about the gold standard again ? 
the good old days of the gold standard ? / de vuelta al patrón oro ? 
the gold standard comes back ... maybe 
the good old days , historians say true stability relies on a gold backed dollar !!! roosevelt was an ass !! 
hey my woods , how about an episode refuting this ? 
the second coming of the cross of gold . ( seriously , why flirt with such an awful economic idea ? ) 

savory tarts to win over a sugar-shy holiday crowd - - 

what did not say was equally potent during trip to africa ... 
pope francis ends african trip with visit to a mosque - 
pope francis ends visit to africa with visit to a mosque 
top story : with raymond pope francis ends african trip with vi … see more 
" together , we must say no to hatred , to revenge and to violence . " 
ended his trip to africa with a visit to a mosque i wish more leaders would visit mosques 
physical entity francis ends african abstract entity with entity to a physical entity 
pope ends african trip with visit to a mosque : francis ’ six-day swing through … 
ny times : pope ends african trip with visit to a mosque 

how hard is new york’s algebra exam ? 
rt question no one asks about this math : why should students care about solving problems like these ? 
i got 4 out of 5 : .. didn't quite get the graph question , but i'll look at that again when i'm more awake . 
i love math quizzes ! 
the way algebra is taught nowadays is o_o 
i got 4 out of 5 , but i just rushed the graph one that i missed . 
remember those tough algebra problems from your youth ? here are some sample questions from this year's new york ... 
5/5 . nice . 
have you taken algebra quiz ? was scribbling formulas on pen and paper last night . 
these are not bad at all , and with the exeception of one ( in this example ) , all represent a real world ... 
i got 2/5 right on this , the first and last questions . yup , i still suck at algebra : 
i got 4/5 on this . so annoyed at myself . i rushed the last question and didn’t check my work . 
5/5 without calculator or even scratch paper . suck it . 
to fix they changed the test : ouch . we change the learning : 
ny / region|how hard is new york's algebra exam ? - new york times 
waiting for my meeting to start so i decided to take this alegbra quiz to pass time take it everyone it's fun haha 
how hard is ny's algebra exam ? 
i daresay the average singaporean high schooler should ace these . rt how hard is new york's algebra exam ? 
when your hubs is a math teacher & u show him this article & suddenly ur doing algebra together on a mon night lol 
( 1/2 ) the posted a 5-question algebra quiz with 0 further insights about the individual questions 
couldn’t resist algebra test . got 100 on my algebra regents a long time ago . only 4/5 correct this time ! 
sample test questions from new york's algebra exam . i got 2/5 . 
not surprisingly , i cannot recall how to do any of this : 
could you pass new york's new algebra i regents exam ? 
seriously americans , if this is your high school algebra exam you're fucked up . 
i would not be comparing it to " average " standards , i would be comparing it to the highest global standards ! the sam … 
but will either company be around that long ? 
* quiz * how hard is exam ? i am a writer , so numbers are not my friend . but i still scored 5/5 . 
will you do better than 37% of new york students on the algebra test ? 
i got 3 out of 5 on the regents algebra quiz . not sure i'm college ready . 
want to be disappointed by how much smarter you used to be ? take our high school algebra quiz ! 
nytmetro : rt amyvirshup : could you pass the regent's algebra exam ? take the quiz . 
do u think exam is too hard ? try quiz to get a sense 4 yourself : 
rt could you pass the regent's algebra exam ? take the quiz . 

