u.s. marine guilty in killing of transgender woman in philippines - 
so if it was just a woman or just a man this wouldnt be a headline ... but because its a ladyboy now there's a story 
this is ridiculous ... this man killed a trans-woman bc she was trans . how is that not treacherous ? 
us marine guilty in killing of transgender woman in philippines - 
way too lenient sentence " the few the proud .. " : u.s. marine guilty in killing of woman in philippines 
u.s. marine convicted in homicide of transgender woman in phillippines 
web dsign us marine guilty in killing ... 

the 2016 pirelli calendar 
my new favourite word : ' shero ' , or she-hero . so 2016 . 
the 2016 pirelli calendar may signal a cultural shift 
there's hope . very happy with 1st picture 2015 , 2nd 2016 :) 
be proud of your unique contribution to the world . 
we are our achievements , not our bodies ! rights 
this makes us happy :) 
this is great - but i think they just wanted that pic of serena . 2016 pirelli calendar may signal a cultural shift 
this is a wonderful article about the 2016 pirelli calendar showcasing 12 months of fully clad women ( mostly ) ... 
this ! culture shift calendar " 1st time attraction of subjects is in their résumés , not their measurements " 
the 2016 may signal a 
this is huge ! the italian tire company hired annie leibovitz to photograph its annual calendar , which usually ... 
the pirelli calendar is back ; different and better . good change 
this one needs a caveat . some people will feel this is a really positive development , others will feel the ... 
amy schumer with curvy hips , soft belly and long hair is the only remotely feminine model in calendar of females 
the 2016 pirelli calendar has , instead of the usual naked models , patti smith , amy schumer , and fran lebowitz 
i love everything about this . no pretense . just a pure celebration of beauty , strength and accomplishment .... 
rt the 2016 pirelli calendar 
the 2016 calendar is less steamy and more artsy under the direction and photography of 
culture shift ? 2016 ditches supermodels for & others . 
" beautiful , gross , ugly , pretty , woman " you rock sheroes ! via 
calendar pivot may signal a point in public objectification of female sexuality 
the 2016 calendar may signal a cultural shift 
the commodification of corporate social responsibility continues unabated : 
“ i thought it was a joke . " fran lebowitz , ( pirelli ) calendar girl : 
oh how i love this . then again ... it's annie leibovitz . how could i not be in love ? 
. not sure what your motives were for shifting the calendar's content , but kudos to you for taking the step ! 
the rise of the shero . fascinating ! 
the may signal a 

blood pressure , a reading with a habit of straying 
when blood pressure readings have a habit of jumping 
nyt : people with high normal blood pressure risk receiving misleading diagnoses and being treated unnecessarily . 
a reading with a habit of straying via 
his advice to patients is to abstain from obsessively monitoring their blood pressure . 
us preventive services task force : bp measured in a doctor’s office " can be wrong about half the time " nyt : 
health - the new york time blood pressure , a reading with a habit … see more 
blood pressure - how should we measure it ? masked htn . nocturnal non-dipping , also bad for cv outcomes . 
measuring it once is a relatively simple task . measure it again and again , and you might find yourself on a … 
rt measuring it is a relatively simple task . measure it again and again , and you might find yo ... https … 

obama defends presence at climate change talks while syria war rages 
obama in paris : " this one trend , climate change , affects all trends . " 
our new " systems-thinker-in-chief " who understands interdependence w nature . read more here : 
obama defends presence at climate change while syria war rages • isis is at war with civilization . obama is a fool ! 
the fact that has to " defend " presence at is indictment of 
one of ireland’s most mystical places most likely will be seen in the new " star wars " movie 
if global temperatures continue to increase at their current pace , the president said , much of the united states ’ spending would have to go toward addressing the consequences . 

in a global market for hacking talent , argentines stand out 
rt yay got featured by for the 
rt .. demoed a 0day flaw onstage that some here estimated would have sold for six figures " oh ?! why they didn't tell me https://… 
“ have a reputation for | 
thanks to the legacy of military rule & a culture of breaking rules , is a great place to find 
our work with and the amazing argentinian talent got featured on by 
new york times - usa - in global hacker market argentines stand out - 
rt great coverage of nyt of argentinian hackers by 
rt “ cheating the system is part of the argentine mentality ” 
argentina stands out in global hacking talent market given " legacy of military rule and a culture of breaking rules " 
in global hacker market , argentines stand out , via 
thought you might be interested in this . 
" argentina put itself on the map as the country to produce the best 
famed for tango and hackers " you get one call . uno . understand ? " 
famed for tango and hackers cybergauchos ? ha 
in a global market for talent , argentines stand out 
why so much hacking talent in argentina ? got idiosyncrasy just right . 
marketingprojectmanager.it in a global market for hacking talent , argentines s … see more 
in a ➡️🌎🌍🌏 for talent , argentines stand out📲 

how the paris attackers honed their assault through trial and error : 
helpful rundown of what we currently know about the paris attackers and their plans 
how the attackers honed their assault through trial and error 
' the mission was always vague ' . incredible piece 
rt us & france claimed " no warning " before turns out “ from late summer we knew something big planned ” >> https : … 
how the honed their assault through trial and error 
a plot honed by trial and error 
chilling & well-researched description of the meticulous planning behind the paris attacks . 
rt his first 4 terror attacks in europe fizzled but in paris abdelhamid abaaoud had a more sophisticated plan . … 
the paris jihadists were vetted ! 
rt riveting and horrifying inside look at how the paris plot unfolded , by & co . … 
very thorough . the best piece i've read on the paris attacks , from the new york times 
ps . seems paris attackers did try to use encryption . but also flew around europe despite being in every database . 
rt incredible insight on the behind the scenes of the paris attacks and a stellar three women in the byline : https://… 
retweeted mark krikorian ( the paris jihadists were vetted ! 
attackers honed their assault through trial and error ; ' dartboard terrorism ' 
now multiply by 1000 . welcome to c21 . rt honed their assault through trial and error 
this is long and fascinating , more than you've seen before on … 
“ they found out that if you use this ‘ swarm theory ’ you will exhaust the resources of law enforcement ” 
great reporting from and others on the planning ( and missteps ) that led to the paris attacks . 

jurors in silver trial discuss how they reached a guilty verdict 
but when they learned that mr. silver had state grant money sent dr. taub’s way , said bianca maynard , another ... 
“ just because it goes on doesn’t make it right . ” - a juror on the case . another indictment of albany . 
juror no . 6 in silver's trial sums up albany : “ just because it goes on , ” she added , “ doesn’t make it right . ” 
a detailed reconstruction of how jury found silver guilty that will restore any wavering faith in jury system : 
as trial began , a ‘ humble ’ assemblyman didn’t appear guilty to several jurors 
as trial began , a \'humble\' assemblyman didn\'t appear guilty to several jurors - ne 
as trial began , a ' humble ' assemblyman didn't appear guilty … 
the new york times : several jurors were initially skeptical of the government’s case . 
as trial began , a ' humble ' assemblyman didn't appear guilty to … 
silver omitting goldberg & iryami from his financial disclosure form led last jury to convict . let that be a lesson ! 

after attack , republicans keep hammering planned parenthood 
i nominate as the ugliest , most delusional , self aggrandizing , opportunistic pos of 2015 . 
the american taliban continues to rally its violent supporters . 

new york’s tactical shift on terror attacks : don’t wait for backup 
new york's tactical shift on terror attacks : don't wait for backup 
yesterday's " don't be a hero . " today's nypd " be a hero . " great piece on new nypd training 
ordinary patrol officers , often armed with only a handgun and likely to arrive first at a shooting or another assault , are being trained to head into unfolding attacks and confront the perpetrators . 

tells a campaign rally in georgia that his critics can't take a joke 
trump tells georgia crowd his critics can’t take a joke 
trump has jokes . the sanders one should make political junkies laugh , at least . via 
trump shows no respect for the office he supposedly seeks . 
donald trump calls john kasich a " total stiff " in georgia after ohio gov runs ads critical of him via 
first draft : donald trump tells georgia crowd his critics can’t take a joke : donald j . trump was in full attac ... 
donald trump tells georgia crowd his critics can’t take a joke via 
trump tells georgia crowd his critics can't take a joke - new york times 
man in crowd shouted president was a “ dumbass , ” trump egging the man on : “ go ahead , say it again — louder . ” 
man in the crowd shouted president was a “ dumbass , ” trump egging the man on : “ go ahead , say it again — louder . ” 
trump egged on a man who called obama a “ dumbass ” and lit into senator bernie sanders — “ may he rest in peace ” 
would that for every mention of t , you give 5 mentions to bernie . rt donald trump ... 
most adults can distinguish an adult joke from an adolescent one . but not all can . 
trump tells rally that his critics can't take a joke fascist bullying is not funny 

indonesia cites resetting of circuit breaker in 2014 airasia crash 
indonesia cites resetting of circuit breaker in 2014 airasia crash track submission 
cited the resetting of a circuit breaker in the 2014 crash of airasia flight 8501 ... 
rt indonesia cites resetting of circuit breaker in 2014 airasia crash 
cites resetting of in 2014 
indonesia cites resetting of circuit breaker in 2014 crash 

officer in chicago shooting is released from jail 
murderous chicago cop released from jail after other cops pay his bail 
" mcdonald was hit 16 times in 14 or 15 seconds , prosecutors say , and for 13 of those seconds he was on the ground . " 
$1.5 million bond set for in 
$1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting 
( $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting : jason van dyke , charged ... ( 
[ ♥.♥ ] $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting 
( ) $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting via 

china's draws some attention to 
rise in h.i.v. among china’s youth draws attention for 
rise in among china’s youth draws attention for world day 
fascinating !! who knew about all the gay men ? " rise in h.i.v. among chinas youth draws attention to world aids day " 
rise in h.i.v. among chinese youth raises alarms ahead of world aids day 
sharp rise in hiv infections among young gay men in china draws attention for world aids day 
did you know as of october 2015 , china had about 575,000 people living with h . i . v . /aids ? 
rise in h.i.v. among youth draws attention for 
rise in among youth draws attention 
rise in hiv among china's youth draws attention for world aids day - new york times 
keep in mind those who have left us and are living with hiv/aids . china's numbers are increasing . 
" about 575,000 people living with hiv/aids " - rise in hiv among china’s youth draws attention world aids day 
sexual transmission accounts for more than 92 percent of all new infections , more in line with international norms ,… 
rise in h.i.v. among draws attention ahead of via 
✍ rise in h.i.v. among china’s youth draws attention on world aids day 
rise in hiv among china’s youth draws attention for world aids day 

high-salt warnings on new york menus to start tuesday - 
high salt warnings on menus start today in new york ! steer clear of the triangle symbol . 
high-salt warnings on menus start today , 
good idea imo . calling out items which provide entire day's na need ... in 1 serving ! high-salt warnings on ny menus 
high-salt warnings on new york menus to start tuesday 
high-salt warning labels hit menus starting today 
salt shaming : via 
nyc leads the world in & fast food again 
high-salt warnings on new york menus to start today ! 
high-salt warnings on new york city menus to start tuesday 
coming today to new york menus : black triangle symbols 
starting today , new york will require chain restaurants to identify dishes high in salt 
diners at chain restaurants will see warnings on menus next to items that are high in sodium , under a rule believed to be the first of its kind in the country . 

the holiday gift guide — picks for kids under 12 and more . 
what will you give your little one this holiday ? 
the holiday gift guide ! i helped ( good thing my kids won’t read ) . 
gifting & guiding has launched thx for including in your travel section ! 
:: 2015 holiday gift ideas and guide 
2015 holiday gift guide : ese sandman overture deluxe edition estira como loco . 
gifts season !!! [ 
it's time for the annual " completely ludicrous things nobody can afford " list , aka the ny times ' gift ideas : 
dear santa , this stuff , please >>> 
2015 holiday gift guide via 
2015 holiday gift guide from 
not sure what to get the theater lover on your holiday gift list ? we've got some suggestions . 
cute interactive gift guide , nyt 
rt gifts for food lovers 
my are in the " home " section of the holiday gift guide ! 

photos of the day 
pictures of the day : 

your tuesday briefing 
morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day 
rt your tuesday briefing : paris , xi jinping , donald trump 
nytimes : morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day 

" rudolph giuliani cites 9/11 celebrations , but disputes donald trump " 
rudolph giuliani cites 9/11 celebrations , but disputes donald trump via 
presumably now that rudy has weighed in we can move on from the trump 9/11 story 
giuliani says there were people celebrating in new york on 9/11 , but trump's claim is an exaggeration 

and the city 
similar situation applies here in philadelphia ; 
krugman says land-use restrictions are the most likely culprit to increasing gentrification in nyc 
shorter krugtron : people like to live in awesome places so the poor get pushed out by the rich . 
krugman : " in this age of gentrification , housing policy has become much more important than most people realize . " 
a golden age from — if you can afford the via 
" this is an issue on which you don’t have to be a conservative to believe that we have too much regulation " 
" [ i]n this age of gentrification , housing policy has become much more important than most people realize . " 
somebody check his meds : argues against gov't regs ? there might be hope for humanity yet ! 
interesting . this can be replicated for . when i returned here , i said east nashville was williamsburg 
rt . housing + landuse policy are critical levers thru which can lead in fight v . https://… 
inequality drives gentrification and high housing prices in our cities 
check out this article . 
rt density = progressive . krugman : " ... demand for urban living by the elite could be met largely by increasing supply . " h … 
on the affordable housing supply : " .... this is an issue over which local governments have a lot of influence . " 
krugman : housing policy has become much more important than most people realize 
rt totally agree with paul krugman on this : " ... mainly because land use restrictions are in the way . " 
. on the inequality of the global urban renaissance : 

guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany & political culture 
ny state assembly exspeaker convicted on all counts - time to change the " fetid atmosphere " 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s political culture 
reformers in albany may be spurred by silver verdict , via 
“ the bell could not be ringing louder for real reform in albany than it is right now ” 
making it harder to prove white-collar crimes 
rt imwhitneyblack : guilty verdict is a spur to would-be ... | … 
preach , 
rt at the very least , advocates predicted , the silver verdict could have a chilling effect on albany legislators : … 
" but on monday , as mr. silver’s name was scrubbed from the assembly website & removed from his office door ... " nyt : 
“ money seems to be the root of all of the evil in politics ” 
will silver conviction be the scandal to finally end albany corruption ? 
albany reform may not be entirely out of reach , thanks to silver verdict 
lol . sure government-watchdogs optimistic silver conviction will lead to closing campaign funding loophole 
like skimming one floating turd off the surface of the albany mafia cesspool >> albany’s political culture 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany's political culture 
guilty is a spur to would-be of political culture 
if we can't push through real ethics reform in albany now , it will never happen . this is a call to action ! 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s political … 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s… 

meet tumblr’s 15-year-old secret keeper - 
fb users complained this story is too buzzfeedy . parents also ask why their tumblr-hooked kids don't have book deals 
meet 15-year-old secret keeper 
meet tumblr's 15-year-old secret keeper - new york times 
the teenage girl who keeps all of the internet's secrets : 
rt up to 100 people a day are sharing sad messages with a teenager in ohio . 
emily trunko , an ohio teenager , has collected thousands of letters and text messages from anonymous people on the … 

[ newly-elected mayor of alaska's capital is found dead [ 
in other news ,,,,, 
new york times - usa - newly elected mayor of alaska capital is found dead - 
newly-elected mayor of alaska's capital is found dead 

security breach at toy maker vtech includes data on - 
security breach at toy maker vtech includes data on children : via 
hack at vtech is disturbing with the lack of security placed on the information . response from vtech even worse ! 
5m+ security breach at hong kong toy maker vtech includes data on children ~ 
another data security breach . parents should be careful providing commercial companies with data about their kids . 
the hong kong company said that personal information of five million people had been compromised , including the ... 
security breach at toy maker includes on children 
security breach at toy maker includes data on children why/how does toy maker get kids ' birthdates ? 
yet another hack attack ... 

can most easily be described by one word : volume 
in most areas , good or bad , kobe bryant has simply done more 
in most areas , good or bad , has simply done more 

grip on libyan city gives it a fallback option 
rt libya's surt is now an actively managed colony of the central islamic state , crowded with foreign fighters … 
rt isis in libya : public beheadings started . radio stations no longer play music - … 
meantime in 
rt hate ny times ' initial cap headlines . but this is a terrific piece re isis of a kind you never see in the uk press . https … 
libyan city of sirte is an " actively managed colony of the central islamic state , crowded with foreign fighters " 
oh this sounds familiar 
rt isis ' grip on libyan city gives it a fallback option • • 
. fyi : grip on city of increases 
while grip on city of increases 
rt libyan city of surt is an ‘ actively managed colony ’ of possible capital . 
are you an mp . read this , before brimstone bombing , please !! isis grip on libyan city gives it a fallback ... 
fyi grip on city of cc 
hardline fighters flocked 2 in 2012-13 ; now making reverse journey 
while uk airstrike advocates focus futile ' gesture bombing ' plans on syria , is is decamping to libya . 
the almighty f**k up in libya means that bombing syria and iraq still leaves isis a get out 
rt in public beheadings have started . radio stations no longer play music . … 
libya : isis ' grip on sirte gives it a fallback option . via map via 
fighters and guards all bowed to a saudi administrator , or “ wali , ” sent by the islamic state to preside over the city 
rt isis in libya : the public beheadings have started . the radio stations no longer play music . https … 
rt grip on ( city gives it a fallback option 
" the first public beheadings have started ... local radio stations no longer play music " isis takeover of a libyan town 
rt in the public beheadings have started . the radio stations no longer play music . … 
rt consequence of washington's libya war : a port for isis but beltway too stupid to discuss anything beyo … 
isis ’ grip on libya city surt gives it a fallback option esp w.o. gaddafi 
rt bad 2-fer here : policy destroys libya & isis moves in - good job ! isis ’ grip on libyan city options http … 
hey cameron , if you are hell bent on bombing terrorists then this is the location you need to look at , or are you ... 
whack-a-mole . let's get involved : is leadership leaving iraq , syria establishing itself in libya 
rt isis establishes a colony in surt , libya , while other militias dither . by … 

after giving a pollution pass for decades , coal council's call for " policy parity " is surreal . 
call to " energy innovation . " // a path for ( stopping ) climate change , beyond paris 
a path for climate change , beyond paris 
go jerry . we need to get fiercer on the war against climate change . 
rt . @ nyt takes deep dive into the challenge of deep decarbonization : how do we get to zero … 
" ... the only answer to this is innovation " -- on bringing to poor countries 
the only real solution to global warming is an intense focus on energy innovation . 
just how hard will it be , post-paris , to achieve necessary ghg reductions ? offers helpful clues . 
the g7 pledged to work toward a decarbonized economy in 2050 , considers how they could do it : 
what it will really take to fight climate change : on a deep dive . great stuff . 
all the problems in our world can be boiled down to one . we can't work together . if we could , it'd solve everything . 
rt nyt : n.am built 50k/yr gas wells since 2000-need only 30k wind turbs/yr for 15y to power 50% us 
a path for climate change , ok nice party but world must cut 50 % emission and reforest earth 50% to save the planet 
a hard look at the needed to truly than just renewabls 
top story a path beyond the paris climate change conference see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; a path beyond the paris climate change confe … see more 
to limit change : increase . 
noticia destacada : a path beyond the paris climate change conference see more 
to limit effects : increase . 
to limit effects of global warming : increase of 
top story in questo momento : a path beyond the paris climate change conference see more 
what would a truly ambitious climate action plan look like ? 
rt but please continue to whine about left turns off of woodhaven boulevard 
top story : with raymond a path beyond the paris climate change … see more 
emission pledges in will fall short of solving an ambitious global alternative : 
nyt swoons over renewables , gives nuclear short shift , in major science section piece on global warming 
rt “ the arithmetic is really brutal ... every country has to make this transformation , or else this isn’t going to work . ” htt … 
rt interesting piece on “ deep decarbonization pathways project … 
can the worst effects of climate change be avoided ? just barely , experts say . 
the emission pledges that countries have signaled they will make in paris will inevitably fall short . what would a truly ambitious plan to tackle climate change look like ? 

notable children's books of 2015 
notable children’s books of 2015 ... 
" the notable children's books of 2015 " 
wondering what to get the little ones in your life ? the best of 2015 list is full of great ideas 
notable list of children's books of 2015 here : 
rt i heart bernie ! ask me by bernard waber is one of nytimes book review's 25 notable children's books of 2015 … 
new york times notable children’s and adolescent's books of 2015 
gives their picks for notable children's books of 2015 , including nimona , waiting , and listen , slowly ! 
how many has your family read ? 
notable of 2015 
finished six of crows after 1 month+ . it was just too good to end , so yes . notable children’s books 2015 
good ones , incl . becoming maria by sonia manzano . yes , that maria from sesame street ! notable children’s books 2015 
ideas for holiday shopping and winter break reading ... 
𝗡𝗲𝘄 𝗬𝗼𝗿𝗸 𝗧𝗶𝗺𝗲𝘀 𝗕𝗼𝗼𝗸 𝗥𝗲𝘃𝗶𝗲𝘄 2015 notable children’s books 
rt notable children's books of 2015 

the findings of china’s climate change report 
report reveals china's vulnerability to climate change via 
the findings of climate change report 
if the 2 degree goal is globally met , china's temperature will be much higher = 2.7 ~ 2.9 degrees 
china’s climate change report - the consequences of rising emissions for china 
average temps across china rising faster than global average . findings of china’s climate change report : 
if you think environmental regulations are bad , consider the alternative . findings of china’s climate change report 
average temperatures across china have been rising faster than the global average , says a new report by chinese govt 
china’s climate change report : the future of water and rainfall 
the findings of report 
human -induced activities raise the mercury . 
china's cc findings : warming above global average , precip up , less retaine : findings of c’s climate change report 
super brief of just-released report ( 900-page , 550 scientists & experts ) by 
must read ! " how has affected 900 pages summarised for you in this piece 
even if the goal is met globally , " temperature rises across china will be substantially higher " 
rt chinese report : even if 2 degrees is met , temp rises across china will be much higher : 2.7 to 2.9 degrees c … 
china bracing for temperature rises of 3 c , more floods , droughts , and rising seas . nice synopsis from 
beijing today - how all air will be if no paris success 
how global warming has affected and is likely to affect china via 

readers debate the wisdom of pursuing a lost 
true ! " more fun to imagine lost romances than to plug away at real one ... imaginary romance is light , fluffy & airy . " 
" we don’t have many chances to find love , let alone true love . " 
on lost loves : we all have at least one , right ? would you pursue yours ? 
these are funny - you can tell which were originally posted on fb & * clearly * meant for a particular person to see : 
" we don’t have many chances to find true love . take that leap of faith , you may be surprised " , i love this column ❤ ️ 

56 arrests in u.s. this year related to isis , study says 
56 arrests in us this year related to isis , study says - new york times 
rt 56 arrests in the u.s. this year related to isis , study says . reports … 
56 arrests in u.s. this year related to study says 
good piece ... most interesting fact : 40 percent of those arrested were converts to islam . 
56 people have been arrested in the u.s. this year for helping to support or plot isis , study says 
researchers at george washington university found that islamic state recruits defy a single profile , but the authorities say more are staying home . 

new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in the united states 
finally some good news - rates are going down per 
new cases , at long last , begin to fall in the united states - 
interesting read on diabetes in u . s . /al “ it’s not a cycle , it’s linear . it’s an unbroken line from slavery forward . ” 
new cases , at long last , begin to fall in the us ! 
woman worried about diabetes " weaned herself off coca-cola , going from about 50 cans a week to fewer than 7 " 
after years of increasing rates , the number of new cases in the us has finally started to decline : 
new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in the us 
rt new cases are finally declining , but " it’s not yet time to have a parade , " by … 
after decades of rising , the number of new diabetes cases in the us has finally started to decline ! 
diabetes cases in the u.s. starting to fall , reports : 
at long last , new cases begin to fall in the united states : 
us cases falling ( but insulin powerhouse novo nordisk hovering near record ) 
new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in the u.s. 2/2 incr . pre-dm dx/tx or healthier population habits ? 
tentative hope on stemming the rising tide of diabetes . 
quezada post : new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in the united sta … see more 
ny times newtop story : new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in the u … see more 
finally type 2 diabetes may not be fully preventable , but its onset can be delayed and its severity lessened by ... 
the rate of new diabetes cases in u.s. dropped by about 20% since 2008 . maybe a sign we're getting a tad healthier ? 
new cases are finally declining , but " it’s not yet time to have a parade , " by via 
new diabetes cases are finally declining , but " it’s not yet time to have a parade ” 
“ it has finally entered into the consciousness of our population that the sedentary lifestyle is a real problem . " 
new report from cdc shows declines in diabetes incidence rate from 2008-2014 . better but still high . 
turning a corner or mere blip ? reports first ever drop in new cases in us in 25 years . 
cdc offers glimmer of hope in diabetes epidemic : new cases down in us 
nytimes : new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in u.s. 

the peculiar ascent of bill murray to secular saint : 
why bill murray is the new che guevara 
nytimesarts : rt hellernyt : why bill murray is the new che guevara 
. explores " the peculiar ascent " of bill murray from actor into a pop icon . 
bill murray's cool hits the elvis level . thanks , and let's toast him soon . 
" it's clear that [ bill murray ] has come to symbolize something . but what , exactly ? " 
detroit's exhibit a : the temporary transformation of the great into " bill murray " 
who needs a ghostbusters sequel ? check out great nyt column on the transformation of 
saint bill 
nytimes : bill murray’s peculiar ascent to secular saint by explaining his appeal , do they destroy the mystique ? 
the ascent of bill murray to secular saint 
the peculiar rise of bill murray to secular saint : | one could offer prayers and votives to far worse . 
i like bill murray as much as the next guy ... or not , when a guy has a portrait of him on his car ? 
. the peculiar ascent of bill to secular saint 
bill murray - the new che guevara ? 

here's another great reason to look at google cultural institute . 
the google cultural institute is using 360-degree video to put you onstage with ballerinas 
google cultural institute puts us all onstage 
brilliant does it again – worth a read ! 
rt nytimes : the google cultural institute is using 360-degree video to put you onstage with ballerinas … 
interesting work going on at the google cultural institute 
rt go onstage with 360° video of dance my story : … 
another step towards cultural experience : puts us all onstage 
google cultural institute now expands to include performing arts 
. interactive puts you onstage with & 
love ' s initiatives to open up great art & performance to us all . " puts us all onstage " 
experience & musicians at with 360 view : 
armchair tourism by way of video innovation . interesting read . 
rt arts groups embrace programming via google cultural institute . are you a virtual patron ? via nyt … 


race begins , without front-runners for a change 
oscar race begins — without front-runners for a change - 
leonardo dicaprio has a strong chance for best actor , but for best picture , all bets are off . 
attention , film buffs ! 

family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearance 
speaking of murderers , good morning ! 
“ i am convinced that there’s no reason i shouldn’t say anything i want to anyone i want ” . 
such an insane story : family of first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearance 
one of the strangest stories , all true . family of robert durst’s 1st wife sues him for $100m in her disappearance 
family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her … track submission 
family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearan - nytimes 
family of robert durst's first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearance 
dating single family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her disa ... 
kesha likes " family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappear … 
the mother and three sisters of kathleen durst , who disappeared decades ago , are employing a rarely cited law to p … 

narendra modi could make or break obama’s climate legacy 
" narendra modi could make or break obama’s climate legacy " by coral davenport and ellen ba … 
" narendra modi could make or break obama’s climate legacy " via 
kesha likes " narendra modi could make or break obama’s climate legacy " by coral davenport a … 
modi make or break obama’s climate legacy good intention but india needs state of emergency to tackle this issue 
. quotes ashley tellis on what to expect from at the paris climate talks 
more thoughts from the nyt on us-india cliamte relations . 
under pressure from tata , mahindra & ambani hope modi not 2 compromise national interest over companies biz 
narendra modi could make or break obama's climate legacy - new york times 
narendra could make or break climate legacy 
could make or break obama’s legacy : 
india could make or break obama’s climate legacy 
could make or break legacy 
narendra modi could make or break obama's state transferred possession 
climate legacy some more neg india coverage by no better person than jairam ramesh to get opinions from ? 
“ india is not an easy country to negotiate with ... we are moralistic , we are argumentative , we are regressive . " 
as india stakes an uncompromising claim to fossil fueled developed , concerns arise about paris climate goals . 
new york timesnarendra modi could make or break obama's climate legacynew york timesle bourget , f ... 
hatchet job by on india's position at jairam ramesh was the most objective voice you could quote ? 
very interesting how the nyt is framing india in the paris climate talks 

in understanding how terrorism is intended to continue to negatively affect people who experience , directly and ... 
" the paris hospitals network ... typically sees only five gunshot patients a year . " let that sink in . 
:: for survivors of paris attacks , mental scars may outlast wounds 

let us know if there's something here you would like to read and we don't own . we'll be sure to add it to the ... 
love love love end of year book lists and and 
100 notable books of 2015 
see the 100 notable books of 2015 ! 
. notable books of 2015 includes german novel the truth and other lies by sasha arango 
the year-end book lists are rolling in : nytimes 100 notable books of 2015 
it's " best of " list time again . or : how to feel like a stupid slacker who apparently reads nothing but crap . 
congrats angela flournoy & valdez quade for making the 2015 100 notable books list ! 
rt the nyt notables list is out ! congrats https :/ … 
is next on my list . 100 notable of 2015 
bummer . i didn't make the list . 
100 notable of according to the new york times 
" 100 notable of 2015 " via & 
rt starting to think about your holiday reading list ?! check out the 100 notable books of the year . … 
how many volume have you read from ny times's list ? 
suggestions de lecture ? 100 notable of 2015 
rt 100 notable books for 2015 : 
" the complete stories " by clarice lispector edited by is in the 100 notable books ' 15 by 

dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son , ’ the story of his mother's loss , shows us the healing power of humor thru dark times : 
:: dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son ’ tells the story of his mother’s murder 
is more widespread than you realize . dave navarro’s tells the story of his mother’s murder 
dave navarro’s confronts his mother's killer in new documentary . " he's just an old guy dying in jail . " 
new york times piece on our new release mourning son .... 
. ‘ mourning son ’ tells the story of his mother’s murder , via 
hope i don't have to wait until next to see dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son ’ 
“ i had to dig into the trauma to get to the beauty . " documentary on survivor 
awesome article in the ny times on my man dave navarro's new doc available 12/01/2015 and directed by one of my ... 
his story to tell : dave navarro’s mother was murdered by her ex boyfriend 
not your typical rock star movie 
the most interesting story you'll read this week : dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son ’ the story of his mother’s murder 
i'm excited to watch this but know i will cry ! ‘ mourning son ’ tells the story of his mother’s murder 
rt i interviewed dave navarro about ' mourning son , ' his documentary about his mother's 1983 murder 
dave navarro's ' mourning son ' tells the story of his mother's murder - new york times 

spain’s prized ibérico hams can’t cure fast enough for china 
taste 
spain's prized ibérico hams can't cure fast enough for china 
copyrights in the news ... 
with a passion for pork products , and rising incomes , chinese consumers have entered the market for spanish hams with gusto . 

" uncertainty . frenzy . and then donald trump appeared . " 

new york today : the verdict is in 
new york times - new york today : new york today : the verdict is in : a trial’s conclusion , rainy weather , and a ... 
rt new york today : new york today : the verdict is in 
well , we knew it , didn't we ?! 
nyt's sue craig on whether the silver corruptoin verdict could change albany's culture 

yawning and the tears that follow 
why yawning can sometimes cause your eyes to tear 
yawning often increases the secretion of tears because of muscular tension , and it can cause a runny nose , too . 

‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
trump logró dividir a la comunidad afroamericana . love and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
‘ love ’ and disbelief follow meeting with black leaders he found one sucker in crowd 
wait : so now omarosa is reverend omarosa ? is she still on the donald's payroll ? 
ny times politics newtop story : ‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meetin … see more 
rt here's link to nyt piece claiming blacks are " polarized " ( i.e. deeply split ) over trump ; 
' love ' and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
‘ love ’ and disbelief follow trump meeting with black leaders don't understand why this " meeting " wasn't public . 
if donald trump reaches out to you , know you will get used 
‘ love ’ and disbelief -- trump meeting with black leaders 
gotta give it to trump , he is much more savvy than people give him credit . selling your soul to the highest bidder . 
didn't see that coming . a trump meeting of love & unity ends with " backtracking , denials and finger-pointing . " /nyt 
rt ‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black pastors | by and … 
😂😂😂 " it was very successful , ” mr. levell said .... “ it was like sitting in his living room having a conversation " . 
😂😂😂 " it turns out , however , that mr. levell is not a minister . he is a local republican politician in georgia " . 
lol -> " a single religious leader , darrell scott , ..... who helped organize the session , publicly endorsed mr. trump " 
‘ love ’ ( ha ) and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders . he flew one home on his private plane . 
" i don’t know how you preach jesus , a refugee , on sunday and then deal with a refugee-basher on monday " 
‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black pastors | by and via 
what a cluster f**k . ~ " it seemed like a powerful counterpoint to the perception of donald trump as intolerant : a ... 
this can't be . has " always had a great relationship with the blacks . ”‘ 

what david carr taught us 
. " i looked into my notebook from a year ago and it said ' ask questions but ask the right questions . '" 
as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire journalists 
david carr memories former editor anne schindler part of the cult of carr 
‘ you have to break some eggs to make an omelet , ’ 
nytimes : as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire jou … 
rt as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire journalis … 

top prescription plan to offer $1 alternative to $750 pill 
will this medication cost me $750 , $1 , or $0.01 per pill ? the curious world of prescription drug pricing . 
prescription 4 martin shkreli's greed affliction : express scripts to offer $1 alternative to $750 pill , via 
. $750 pill is facing a new headwind : an alternative that costs $1 per pill 
remember the $750 pill ? the nation's top prescription drug manager will offer a $1 alternative . 
express scripts is expected to promote a compounded medicine with the same active ingredient as the much more expensive turing pharmaceuticals drug daraprim . 

why liberal millennials are flocking to bernie sanders , their cool socialist grandpa 
sanders , your cool socialist grandpa 
contributing op-ed writer : bernie sanders , your cool socialist grandpa 
. your cool grandpa 
bernie sanders , your cool ( democratic ) socialist grandpa bernie is very cool .. at any age . 
" he is a brutally successful political knife-fighter . he doesn’t get elected because he’s a nice guy . " - 
" enter mr. sanders , an almost painfully earnest politician seemingly burdened with the ambition and moral certitude … 
bernie in the news : 
cool grandpa ?! wtf ?! shame on for the headline and crap op-ed in the about 
" he represents an unyielding crusader who will restore decency to american politics . " 
sanders , your cool socialist grandpa what's not to love 
“ if i would boil down his political career , it comes down to surprising people and exceeding expectations . ” 
socialism is cool ? 
rt . your cool grandpa … 
i like too . but u need " a willingness to sacrifice ideological purity in order to get things done " 
your cool socialist grandpa just like my real grandpa , he's not for sale . go 
" when republicans get power , they know how to use it . when democrats [ do ] , they want to negotiate with everybody ” 
how bernie sanders is making his case to millennials — and everyone else , too via 
how the vermont senator is making his case to millennials — and everyone else , too . 

savory tarts to win over a sugar-shy holiday crowd - - 
rt mids_spice : rt nytfoodfeed : city kitchen : savory tarts to win over a sugar-shy holiday crowd 
rt city kitchen : savory tarts to win over a sugar-shy holiday crowd 

pope francis ends african trip with visit to a mosque 
pope francis ends visit to africa with visit to a mosque 
top story : with raymond pope francis ends african trip with vi … see more 
" together , we must say no to hatred , to revenge and to violence . " 
ended his trip to africa with a visit to a mosque i wish more leaders would visit mosques 
physical entity francis ends african abstract entity with entity to a physical entity 
pope ends african trip with visit to a mosque : francis ’ six-day swing through … 
ny times : pope ends african trip with visit to a mosque 

how hard is new york’s algebra exam ? 
these are not bad at all , and with the exeception of one ( in this example ) , all represent a real world ... 
i got 2/5 right on this , the first and last questions . yup , i still suck at algebra : 
i got 4/5 on this . so annoyed at myself . i rushed the last question and didn’t check my work . 
have you taken algebra quiz ? was scribbling formulas on pen and paper last night . 
5/5 without calculator or even scratch paper . suck it . 
to fix they changed the test : ouch . we change the learning : 
ny / region|how hard is new york's algebra exam ? - new york times 
waiting for my meeting to start so i decided to take this alegbra quiz to pass time take it everyone it's fun haha 
how hard is ny's algebra exam ? 
i daresay the average singaporean high schooler should ace these . rt how hard is new york's algebra exam ? 
when your hubs is a math teacher & u show him this article & suddenly ur doing algebra together on a mon night lol 
( 1/2 ) the posted a 5-question algebra quiz with 0 further insights about the individual questions 
question no one asks about this math : why should students care about solving problems like these ? 
couldn’t resist algebra test . got 100 on my algebra regents a long time ago . only 4/5 correct this time ! 
sample test questions from new york's algebra exam . i got 2/5 . 
not surprisingly , i cannot recall how to do any of this : 
could you pass new york's new algebra i regents exam ? 
seriously americans , if this is your high school algebra exam you're fucked up . 
i would not be comparing it to " average " standards , i would be comparing it to the highest global standards ! the sam … 
but will either company be around that long ? 
* quiz * how hard is exam ? i am a writer , so numbers are not my friend . but i still scored 5/5 . 
will you do better than 37% of new york students on the algebra test ? 
i got 3 out of 5 on the regents algebra quiz . not sure i'm college ready . 
want to be disappointed by how much smarter you used to be ? take our high school algebra quiz ! 
could you pass the regent's algebra exam ? take the quiz . 
do u think exam is too hard ? try quiz to get a sense 4 yourself : 
rt could you pass the regent's algebra exam ? take the quiz . 
jonah first choice 8 . . 
i got four out of five right on this algebra quiz and i guessed at two of them , just like high school : 

rt " mets getting rings for losing world series ? " a well deserved tradition . … 
interesting . and kind of dumb : " in baseball , a sparkling consolation prize " 
in baseball , a sparkling consolation prize : via 
to the winners , a ring . and to the losers , also a ring . 

