the 2016 pirelli calendar may signal a cultural shift 
my about today's trendy & inspiring topic 
when it comes to cultural leadership , italians still do it better . on a good day . 
cultural shift . " first time the attraction is in their resumes " 12 fully clad women ( mostly ) chosen for achievements . 
may ??? surely does . at long last . 
stunning concept . stay beautiful . 
do you think the 2016 pirelli calendar could signal a cultural shift ? 
the we need more of this . 
the 2016 calendar may signal a cultural shift 
" a white , able-bodied cis-gendered woman being naked is just not revolutionary anymore . ” 
personally . i'd like one for christmas . 
" ... we are at a flexion point in the public objectification of female sexuality . " 
rt sea change . the 2016 pirelli calendar . 
the 2016 pirelli calendar . warning full frontal feminism ahead - 
rt well done 2016 “ real women ” calendar . features stomach rolls & muscle . … 
the 2016 pirelli calendar ... on display : less nudity , more female achievements 
great piece , touches on womens purchase power . 2016 pirelli calendar , cultural shift 
crossing of the rubicon ? 
a paradigm shift is happening with the 2016 pirelli calendar . go annie ! 
" who uses a calendar anymore ? it has to stand for something else " the 2016 pirelli calendar 
equality of opportunity for all begins with art and the masses : the 2016 pirelli calendar may signal cultural shift 
the image of yoko ono is triggering beyond belief . 
via sheryl ... ( 
not just but a grumpy fran lebowitz 

us preventive services task force : bp measured in a doctor’s office " can be wrong about half the time " nyt : 
health - the new york time blood pressure , a reading with a habit … see more 
blood pressure , a reading with a habit of straying 
rt blood pressure , a reading with a habit of straying via 
blood pressure - how should we measure it ? masked htn . nocturnal non-dipping , also bad for cv outcomes . 
measuring it once is a relatively simple task . measure it again and again , and you might find yourself on a … 
measuring it is a relatively simple task . measure it again and again , and you might find yo ... 
in the ny times jane brody nearly gets a stroke worrying about her blood pressure . spoiler alert : she's ok . 

in a global market for hacking talent , argentines stand out 
in a global market for talent , argentines stand out 
rt in a global market for hacking talent , argentina stands out . heads to buenos aires to find out why . https :/ … 
and flocked to the conference in search of the most creative 
corporate executives and government officials flocked to the ekoparty conference in buenos aires in search of the world’s most creative hackers . 

how the paris attackers honed their assault through trial and error : 
islamists honed through trial & error exploiting europe’s passport-free zone & patchy intelligence 
interesting detail re belgian foreign fighters : ' some took out loans ... one future jihadist received 15,000 euros ' 
how the attackers honed their assault through trial and error 
“ paris , they fear , heralds a new era of terror , one that could play out on the streets of european capitals for yrs ” 
incredibly reported piece on history and methods of paris attacks ringleader and his squad 
>> more on the paris attacks . 

as trial began , a \'humble\' assemblyman didn\'t appear guilty to several jurors - ne 
the new york times : several jurors were initially skeptical of the government’s case . 
a detailed reconstruction of how jury found silver guilty that will restore any wavering faith in jury system : 
as trial began , a ‘ humble ’ assemblyman didn’t appear guilty to several ... 
as trial began , a ' humble ' assemblyman didn't appear guilty to … 
silver omitting goldberg & iryami from his financial disclosure form led last jury to convict . let that be a lesson ! 
“ just because it goes on doesn’t make it right . ” juror in sheldon silver trial . 

the american taliban continues to rally its violent supporters . 
after attack , republicans keep hammering planned parenthood 

narendra modi could make or break obama’s climate legacy 
the obama-modi relationship could be key to the outcome of the paris climate change conference 
modi's green legacy ? india was the last major economy to submit a domestic climate change policy plan ahead of 
pm said " was not fault " 
narendra modi could make or break obama's climate legacy 
" we are not an easy country to negotiate with " , jairam ramesh on india's paris positioning : 
narendra modi could make or break climate legacy 
a very shoddy piece by looks like an attempt to send across a particular viewpoint 
billions of folks ' health hangs in balance modi could make or break obama’s climate legacy 
top story : retweets narendra modi could make or break obama … see more 
could make or break climate legacy " obama got carried away with modi " 
narendra could make or break climate legacy 
because only new york times can tell you : american life is best , we can pollute and you dont deserve that life 
rt unfortunate comment by jairamramesh --> wonder if he wd have said the same if mms was in paris negotiat … 
modi could make or break obama's climate legacy : | he should probably also return the unicorn he stole from sasha 
unfortunate comment by jairamramesh --> wonder if he wd have said the same if mms was in paris negotiating for india 
rt critics , this is for you . when was the last time india had a leader at a global negotiating desk ? … 

officer in chicago shooting is released from jail 
" mcdonald was hit 16 times in 14 or 15 seconds , prosecutors say , and for 13 of those seconds he was on the ground . " 
$1.5 million bond set for in 
$1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting 
( $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting : jason van dyke , charged ... ( 
[ ♥.♥ ] $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting 
( ) $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting via 
jason van dyke , charged with murder in the shooting death of laquan mcdonald , a black teenager , was freed after posting bond and his lawyer pledged that he was not a flight risk . 

rise in h.i.v. among youth draws attention for 
rise in among youth draws attention 
rise in h.i.v. among china’s youth draws attention for world aids day 
rise in hiv among china's youth draws attention for world aids day - new york tim ... 
keep in mind those who have left us and are living with hiv/aids . china's numbers are increasing . 
sharp rise in hiv infections among young gay men in china draws attention for world aids day 
" about 575,000 people living with hiv/aids " - rise in hiv among china’s youth draws attention world aids day 
sexual transmission accounts for more than 92 percent of all new infections , more in line with international norms ,… 
rise in h.i.v. among draws attention ahead of via 
✍ rise in h.i.v. among china’s youth draws attention on world aids day 
rise in hiv among china’s youth draws attention for world aids day 
[ new y . times . eua ] sinosphere : rise in h.i.v. among china’s youth draws attention for world aids ... vía j.a.m.v 
rise in h.i.v. among china’s youth the health & wellbeing of young gay men matters : in china & across the world ! 
rise in among draws attention for world aids day 
rise in h.i.v. among china's youth draws attention on world aids day 
sinosphere : rise in h.i.v. among china’s youth draws attention on world aids day . 
rt rise in h.i.v. among china’s youth draws attention on world aids day 

the holiday gift guide ! i helped ( good thing my kids won’t read ) . 
gifting & guiding has launched thx for including in your travel section ! 
the holiday gift guide — picks for kids under 12 and more . 
2015 holiday gift ideas and guide 
2015 holiday gift guide : ese sandman overture deluxe edition estira como loco . 
gifts season !!! [ 
it's time for the annual " completely ludicrous things nobody can afford " list , aka the ny times ' gift ideas : 
dear santa , this stuff , please >>> 
2015 holiday gift guide via 
2015 holiday gift guide from 
not sure what to get the theater lover on your holiday gift list ? we've got some suggestions . 
cute interactive gift guide , nyt 
rt gifts for food lovers 
my are in the " home " section of the holiday gift guide ! 
what will you give your little one this holiday ? 

photos of the day 
pictures of the day : 

kobe bryant can most easily be described by one word : volume 
in most areas , good or bad , kobe bryant has simply done more 
nytimes : kobe bryant can most easily be described by one word : volume 

rt density = progressive . krugman : " ... demand for urban living by the elite could be met largely by increasing supply . " h … 
and the city 
on the affordable housing supply : " .... this is an issue over which local governments have a lot of influence . " 
krugman : housing policy has become much more important than most people realize 
rt totally agree with paul krugman on this : " ... mainly because land use restrictions are in the way . " 
. on the inequality of the global urban renaissance : 
. cities are too expensive b/c we don't have enough good cities and supply is too low . 
land use restrictions make cities unaffordable . thanks 
rt gentrification is a movement of capital , not people , back to the city 
" today our urban cores are providing ever more amenities , but largely to a very affluent minority . " 
build nyc taller to help ensure ( reclaim ? ) economic diversity . taller taller taller . up up up . more and more people . 
rt should we be blaming city planners for high house prices ? krugman seems to think so ! https … 
rt krugman on cities and inequality : " housing policy has become much more important than most people realize . " … 
rt takes 11 graphs for paul krugman to identify land use restrictions - regulation - as culprit of nyc housing shortage https : … 
rt . housing + landuse policy are critical levers thru which can lead in fight v . https://… 
inequality and gentrification in nyc : its causes and some potential solutions , from 
rt " in this age of has become much more important than most people realize . " … 
on says " ... policy has become much more important than most people realize . " 
as higher income ppl move closer to city centers , gr8 need to continue building in 
krugman thinks that gentrification is " high income elites " who would instead live in " sprawling suburban estates " . 
rt real progresssives who won real nobel prizes support liberalized urban land use policy to fight inequality : … 

guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany's political culture 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s political culture 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany's political culture - new york … 
if we can't push through real ethics reform in albany now , it will never happen . this is a call to action ! 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s political … 
rt at the very least , advocates predicted , the silver verdict could have a chilling effect on albany legislators : … 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s… 

meet tumblr’s 15-year-old secret keeper 
the teenage girl who keeps all of the internet's secrets : 
rt up to 100 people a day are sharing sad messages with a teenager in ohio . 
emily trunko , an ohio teenager , has collected thousands of letters and text messages from anonymous people on the … 
rt meet the 15-year-old behind the dear my blank she has collected 17,000 letters that people will never send https : … 
meet tumblr's 15-year-old secret keeper - new york times 

breach at toy maker vtech includes data on children 
i saw this one coming , next are those cloud teddy-bears . toy maker vtech includes data on children 
we need a online bill of rights . this is absurd . 
rt a digital toy maker was hacked , putting 5 million people ( including children ) at risk 
vtech security breach puts personal information of 5 million people , including children , at risk . 
the hong kong company said that personal information of five million people had been compromised , including the na … 
security at toy maker vtech includes data on children 
security breach at toy maker vtech includes … 

[ a path beyond the paris climate change conference [ 
" the very process of rolling out " renewable energy accelerates further innovation 
rt nyt : n.am built 50k/yr gas wells since 2000-need only 30k wind turbs/yr for 15y to power 50% us 
log in 
bigreporter : a path the 
. doesn't see a wwii-style mobilization happening for anything other than a world war . well said 
top story : retweets a path beyond the paris climate change … see more 
" heavy investment in natural gas now could undermine long-term [ clean energy ] goals . " 
nytimes : a path beyond the paris conference -we need to act now 

notable children’s books of 2015 
notable children's books of 2015 
retweeted reading rainbow ( need reading or gift-giving ideas this season ? try one of ... 
rt need reading or gift-giving ideas this season ? try one of the notable children's books of 2015 ! https : … 
rt here are the new york times book review's 25 notable picture books , children's novels and ya of 2015 : … 
great list ! 
rt the hired girl & symphony for the city of the dead are 2015 notable ya books ! https : … 
wonderful notable children's books of 2015 list — congrats to all ! 
the best in picture books , middle grade and young adult fiction and nonfiction , selected by the .. 
congrats six of crows is a nyt notable children’s book of 2015 ! 📘📕📚🎉 

rt chinese report : even if 2 degrees is met , temp rises across china will be much higher : 2.7 to 2.9 degrees c … 
china’s climate change report : the future of water and rainfall 
the findings of china’s climate change report : 
mother nature advices : the findings of china’s climate change report see more 
three gorges dam strained by climate change ? the findings of china’s climate change report 
rt the findings of china’s climate change report 
china bracing for temperature rises of 3 c , more floods , droughts , and rising seas . nice synopsis from 
beijing today - how all air will be if no paris success 
how global warming has affected and is likely to affect china via 
forget madmax - a cyclist in fuyang , china , on monday in the worst recorded smog of the year 
the findings of china’s change report 
findings of china’s climate change report rising and levels 
latest news : : 
the findings of china’s 900-page climate change report 

readers debate the wisdom of pursuing a lost 
true ! " more fun to imagine lost romances than to plug away at real one ... imaginary romance is light , fluffy & airy . " 
" we don’t have many chances to find love , let alone true love . " 
on lost loves : we all have at least one , right ? would you pursue yours ? 
these are funny - you can tell which were originally posted on fb & * clearly * meant for a particular person to see : 
" we don’t have many chances to find true love . take that leap of faith , you may be surprised " , i love this column ❤ ️ 

new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in the united states 
new cases of diabetes begin to decline in the us after decades of growth . healthy turnaround or natural peak ? 
nytimes : new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in u.s. 
rt fantastic dec 1 front page story by new diabetes cases , last , begin 2fall in us … 

bill murray ! 
bill murray - the new che guevara ? 
bill murray as secular saint . his film and real-life roles are merging . to me this was captured well in zombieland . 
“ there’s a lack of pretense , a lack of phoniness that people respond to ” in bill murray . 
the bill murray phenomena . makes a lot of sense . authentic . irreverent . a hero for modern times . 

race begins , without front-runners for a change 
leonardo dicaprio has a strong chance for best actor , but for best picture , all bets are off . 
attention , film buffs ! 

survivors of paris attacks 
for survivors of attacks , mental scars may outlast wounds - new york times : 
“ in one minute , my whole life changed , ” said mr. cheboub , grimacing in pain as he glanced at the flowers that had ... 
survivor of paris attacks : “ in one minute , my whole life changed ” 
most of the wounded and their families , and a large number of medical personnel , are receiving psychological support for emotional trauma . 

"‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders " 
‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
' love ' and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders - new york times 
more disbelief , please . 
hah ! for all the fanfare , only got one black faith leader endorsement ! 
‘ love ’ & disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders trump is a jerk . he didn't make any friends here . 
“ however … mr. levell is not a minister . he is a local republican politician ” 
‘ love ’ and " he's full of shit " follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting w/black religious leaders 1 minister endorsed him , & organized event 
congregants shd fire their minister , and hire someone who won't hang out w/backwoods racists like 
news that trended today ‘ love ’ and disbelief follow meeting with black leaders 
' love ' and mental condition after material meets with black grouping 
“ i got a free ticket , ” 
all of these free tickets ... 
' love ' and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders - new york … 
“ i don’t know how you preach jesus , a refugee , on sunday and then deal with a refugee-basher on monday . ” 
the bizarre world of where he says he has the support of 100 black ministers before actually ... 
' love ' and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black … 

[ dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son ’ tells the story of his mother’s murder [ 
awesome article in the ny times on my man dave navarro's new doc available 12/01/2015 and directed by one of my ... 
his story to tell : dave navarro’s mother was murdered by her ex boyfriend 
not your typical rock star movie 
the most interesting story you'll read this week : dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son ’ the story of his mother’s murder 
i'm excited to watch this but know i will cry ! ‘ mourning son ’ tells the story of his mother’s murder 
rt i interviewed dave navarro about ' mourning son , ' his documentary about his mother's 1983 murder 
dave navarro's ' mourning son ' tells the story of his mother's murder - new york times 

newly-elected mayor of alaska's capital is found dead 
newly-elected mayor of alaska's capital is found dead 
greg fisk , fisheries consultant and new mayor of anchorage , found dead in his residence . 
uh this is shocking ?? there should really be more information here .. 
nytimes : newly elected mayor of alaska capital is found dead 

what david carr taught us 
. " i looked into my notebook from a year ago and it said ' ask questions but ask the right questions . '" 
as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire journalists 
david carr memories former editor anne schindler part of the cult of carr 
‘ you have to break some eggs to make an omelet , ’ 
nytimes : as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire jou … 
rt as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire journalis … 

savory tarts to win over a sugar-shy holiday crowd - - 
rt city kitchen : savory tarts to win over a sugar-shy holiday crowd 

" pope francis ends african trip with visit to a mosque " 
top story : with raymond pope francis ends african trip with vi … see more 
" together , we must say no to hatred , to revenge and to violence . " 
ended his trip to africa with a visit to a mosque i wish more leaders would visit mosques 
physical entity francis ends african abstract entity with entity to a physical entity 
pope ends african trip with visit to a mosque : francis ’ six-day swing through … 
ny times : pope ends african trip with visit to a mosque 

how hard is new york’s algebra exam ? 
waiting for my meeting to start so i decided to take this alegbra quiz to pass time take it everyone it's fun haha 
how hard is ny's algebra exam ? 
i daresay the average singaporean high schooler should ace these . rt how hard is new york's algebra exam ? 
when your hubs is a math teacher & u show him this article & suddenly ur doing algebra together on a mon night lol 
( 1/2 ) the posted a 5-question algebra quiz with 0 further insights about the individual questions 
question no one asks about this math : why should students care about solving problems like these ? 
couldn’t resist algebra test . got 100 on my algebra regents a long time ago . only 4/5 correct this time ! 
sample test questions from new york's algebra exam . i got 2/5 . 
not surprisingly , i cannot recall how to do any of this : 
could you pass new york's new algebra i regents exam ? 
seriously americans , if this is your high school algebra exam you're fucked up . 
i would not be comparing it to " average " standards , i would be comparing it to the highest global standards ! the sam … 
but will either company be around that long ? 
* quiz * how hard is exam ? i am a writer , so numbers are not my friend . but i still scored 5/5 . 
will you do better than 37% of new york students on the algebra test ? 
i got 3 out of 5 on the regents algebra quiz . not sure i'm college ready . 
want to be disappointed by how much smarter you used to be ? take our high school algebra quiz ! 
could you pass the regent's algebra exam ? take the quiz . 
do u think exam is too hard ? try quiz to get a sense 4 yourself : 
rt could you pass the regent's algebra exam ? take the quiz . 
jonah first choice 8 . . 
i got four out of five right on this algebra quiz and i guessed at two of them , just like high school : 

to the winners , a ring . and to the losers , also a ring . 
in baseball , a sparkling consolation prize 
i can't believe i never knew mlb teams gave themselves rings just for winning the pennant . huh . h/t 
" mets getting rings for losing world series ? " 
to the winners , a ring . and to the losers , also a ring . see more 
" to the winners , a ring . and to the losers , also a ring . " by tim rohan via nyt 
. on " losers ' rings , " mementos that nostalgic runners-up buy themselves in baseball 
well this is a fun one from -- to the winners , a ring . and to the losers , also a ring . 

