rt fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : … 
fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : via 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader 
✍ fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader via 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader : in his lawsuit , bradley f . podliska contends ... 
via nyt > middle east 
benghazi committee investigator sues over his firing 
former benghazi committee investigator for republicans sues over his dismissal 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee … 
a former investigator for republicans on the benghazi committee is suing the panel and its leader 
in his lawsuit , bradley f . podliska contends that the house select committee on benghazi and its chairman , trey gowdy , illegally fired and defamed him . 

to the rescue in 
hehe .. i love this . twitter cats to there rescue . 
rt of all the belgium lockdown twitter cats this may be my favorite . story here : … 
cats ( okay , sometimes dogs , too ) own the internet : to the rescue in brussels lockdown 
twitter to the rescue in lockdown 
clever . 
when asked to stay off of social media , know that the answer is cats . always cats . via 
clearly , belgium is full of geniuses w highly developed senses ( of humor ) 
ok .... it is about cats ... 
we are a resilient species . cat video artists just might be stronger than makers of mayhem . 
. cats to the rescue in brussels during lockdown & terror alert ! 
to the rescue in brussels lockdown - ha ! 
rt to the rescue in 
twitter cats 2 the rescue in brussels lockdown belgians refrain from interfering w/police operations . see that 
some beautiful cat pics in this piece . 
twitter cats conquer brussels ! 
w to the rescue ! brussels takes a humorous approach on via 
this has to be one of the best use cases of twitter ever . 
finally , a good use for twitter . 
police asked belgians not to tweet about police operations . twitter responded with cute cat pictures . 
the police asked belgians not to tweet details of antiterrorism raids over the weekend . the internet responded with furry memes . 

engineering mosquitoes ’ genes to resist 
gene drive technology could eliminate malaria : pnas open-access paper : 
a big story if easy to overlook , w/ cause for hope ( may wipe out malaria ) & trepidation ( uses crispr to do it ) 
understatement du jour ? gmo mosquito " biologists are keen to avoid surprises that might arouse public hostility " 
" engineering mosquitoes ' genes to resist malaria " 
engineering genes to resist 
biologists have created a mosquito that can't spread malaria 
two teams of biologists have created a novel breed of mosquito with modified genes in hopes of eradicating the disease . 

syrian town of kobani , which managed to expel isis with kurdish help , is trying to rebuild itself . heart-warming 
town of kobani , scarred by isis , strives to rebuild 
rt kobani , syria , is trying now to overcome the deep scars of war and rebuild 
kobani journal : town of kobani , scarred by isis , strives to … 
kobani , a town scarred by isis and turned into a battleground , is trying to rebuild 
less than a year after driving out the islamic state , residents of the kurdish border town in northern syria are trying to rebuild homes and lives amid rubble . 

pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel 
"" by unknown author via nyt 
start thanksgiving off right with this pumpkin bread recipe 

endangered white rhino nola dies at ... | 
sure , when it is a white rhino , the media cares . 
nola , one of only four known northern white rhinoceroses , died on sunday at the san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left in the world : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left ... blows my mind endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park - new york times 
and then there were three . endangered dies at san diego zoo safari park 
sad side of science -endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zo o-o nly 3 known yet to exist . 
and then there were 3 - devastating 
sad news to hear that the endangered white rhino nola died at safari park 
this is truly sad : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered northern white rhino dies at san diego zoo this weekend . only 3 left in the world 
anf then there were three : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
there are only 3 white rhinos remaining on this planet . endangered white rhino nola dies 
breaks my heart : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
" endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " by liam stack via nyt science 
and then there were three : nola , one of the last white rhinos , died in san diego 
rip dear nola ! you must have been so lonely ... endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
this is what extinction looks like . 
rt awww . then there were 3 : nola , one of the last white died in san diego 
this leaves only 3 white rhinos , poachers would have it at 0 - endangered white rhino dies at san diego zoo 
the last three known northern white rhinoceroses live at the ol pejeta conservancy in kenya , where they roam in a ... 
3 white rhino left on earth ! death at san diego safari park 
3 white rhino left on the earth !! death at san diego safari park 
northern white yesterday there were only four in the world , today there are three . 
one of the last northern white rhinos has died in san diego 
nola was euthanized after her health deteriorated because of an infection , leaving just three known northern white rhinos , which live under armed guard in kenya . 

rt syrians already subject to additional checks than other refugees . here's the process : … 
why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
rt why syrian refugees must wait two years to enter the united states . 
rt why it takes 2 years for a syrian refugee to apply to come to the us 
a 2-yr process ? wtf are afraid of ? call it what it is & mindless of refugees 
why it takes 2 years for syrian refugees to enter the us since 2011 , the us has admitted < 2,000 syrian refugees ! 
rt why it takes two years to screen syrian refugees trying to get into the us 
i'll just leave this here for the u.s. crowd : 
excellent , succinct info from why it takes 2 yrs to enter the us . 
why it takes 2 years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
why it takes two years for to enter the u.s. 
why it takes 2 years for syrian refuge ... | via fiwasa 
it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. republican politicians know this , but play to ignorance 
please read >> why it takes two years for syrian to enter the u.s. 
rt the dumbest path for a terrorist to sneak attack the u.s. is to pose as a syrian refugee ... 
the 20-step , two-year process for syrian refugees to settle in the us . required reading for candidates . 
this is crazy !!! how can we possibly allow these ... these ... people ... into our borders with only two years of ... 
why it takes two years for refugees to enter the u.s. 
syrians must pass through many steps of security clearances before being admitted to the united states . 

“ patients have been demonstrably harmed or may have been harmed by tests that did not meet f.d.a. requirements " 
targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs 
f.d.a. targets inaccurate and unreliable medical tests , citing dangers and costs 
fda targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs 
no oversight for laboratory-developed tests means they are inaccurate & dangerous : 
science ! 
more on the congressional hearing from the nyt 
dr's shouldn't prescribe statins based only on genetic tests . problem in treatment , not test 
good lab tests always have false positives . should be cheap enough to do twice . 
targets inaccurate tests , citing dangers and costs me : need regulation for 
have not seen the original report - but accuracy concerns have strong implications on 
rt unwarranted abortions , surgeries , unneeded drugs , higher medical spending . on the costs of faulty med tests ht … 
inaccurate medical tests are prompting abortions , promoting unneeded surgeries and raising medical costs , fda says 
with the use of tests booming , the administration wants new regulatory powers , and even republicans in congress are looking at stricter standards . 

how three women became members of isis ' morality police [ via 
isis women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
women in syria recount forced marriage , brutality , anguish and escape -a harrowing read - brave journalism 
a compelling , factual and very informative tale , to help gauge the rationale if any and driving force behind the cho … 
rt powerful accounts of three women who've watched life in raqqa utterly change under jihadist control : 
wow . a look inside the tough choices women have to make in isis-occupied areas 
rt fascinating story about the mundane transition of three normal syrian girls into isis enforcers in raqqa … 
3 excellent articles on isis and women : 2 ) sobering nyt piece on the experience of two women stuck in syria . 
and enforcers in recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
what's happening in syria sounds too similar to the rise of the nazi party in the 1930s 
women's role in isis is one i struggle to comprehend provides this insightful recounting of some who escaped 
how to live in an islamic state , or be whipped or die . 
these young women's experiences with daesh constitute the counter narrative . 
such an account by real women . reminds us that these are three dimensional ppl . 
rt how three women survived the islamic state , and then escaped . 
an awesome story of 3 women working as khansa brigade members in isis . their previous lives , marriage & final escape 
very interesting article about isis . 
put away your dystopian novels - reality is worse : isis women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration 
" too much blood has been spilled on all sides " : a story of women who were the enforcers of isis 
what do you think ? 
have a read of this before you tune into channel4 at 9.00 pm this evening 
barbaric , uncivilized & inhumane 
these women were morality police 
powerful accounts of three women who have seen life in change under jihadist control : 
isis women in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
rt great piece - 3 women who defected from in recount their collaboration , anguish and escape : … 
rt inside isis : great revelatory piece .. dont miss it : 
they smoked shisha and stayed out late . they went to the beach . then they became isis wives . 
three young women who fled to southern turkey recalled their experiences as members of the islamic state morality police in raqqa , syria . 

pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
rt what countries have pledged before the climate talks in paris start next week : … 
curious how the climate talks in paris are going ? check it out ! ( they're not going well enough ) 
rt without the pledges , global temperatures would likely jump more than 8ºf by 2100 . … 
top story : retweets the climate change pledges are in . will … see more 
top story : info & news the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anythin … see more 
rt carbon dioxide reduction : the gap between what countries have pledged , and what the goal is https : … 
great infographic on the reduction commitments of governments going into in paris 
better than 0 but more needed on energy , transport , buildings , ag/land , rest of industry - concurrent push needed 
nytimesworld : rt hfairfield : what countries have pledged before the climate talks in paris start next week : … 
understanding climate change and the pledges countries make to reduce co2 , ahead of the paris climate talks 
a quick , clear look at the nations ' pledges heading into the paris climate talks -- what will they do ? is it enough ? 
will climate change pledges help with global warming 
nytimesworld : without the pledges , global temperatures would likely jump more than 8ºf by 2100 . … 
rt great data visualization journalism on the paris cop climate pledges . they'll reduce 2100 warming from 8f to 6f . … 
countries ' pledges before climate talks paris next week : 
most countries have pledged their greenhouse gas emissions goals . the pledges are the biggest cut ever achieved , but are still not enough . 

rt larry eisenberg , 95 , " has made a name for himself by commenting in poetry " on the nyt site . https :/ … 
ha ! rt this is cool . profiles their favorite commenters 
meet some of our top commenters 
top story : meet some of our top commenters see more 
quezada post : meet some of our top commenters see more 
rt meet the nyt's top commenters . this is an amazing group of humans : 
meet some of our top commenters interesting piece ! check it out ! 
rt 1 ) this is so great . 2 ) i want to be larry eisenberg when i grow up . 
chelsea handler's brother is one of the top commenters to 
rt this is cool . the highlights their top commentators 
rt nyt interviewed and photographed some of its top commenters , including the 95-year-old who always comments in poetry ht … 
i hope i’m half as cool as larry eisenberg when i’m 95 : 
rt meet the 95-year-old new york times reader who comments in limericks . 
i love this ! >> meet some of top commenters 
mind-opening just when folks shutting down comments our top commenters 
love this - profiling most prolific commenters : 
a presbyterian minister . an electrical engineer . a science fiction writer . these are some of the most influential … 
rt the internet needs more larry eisenbergs . 
can't wait to read these profiles of some frequent times commenters : 
rt the new york times profiles the new york times ' commenters : 
14 people who make us glad to be reading the comments 
a presbyterian minister . an electrical engineer . a science fiction writer . these are some of the most influential contributors to nytimes.com . 

make the pie dough today , and it will be one less thing to worry about on thursday ( via 

fact checks of the 2016 election 
interesting - fact checks of the 2016 election 
fact checks of the 2016 election - the new york times 
fact check : donald says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
well , this is fun , and horrible 
fact checks of the election - the new york times 
the herald news took pains to discredit what paterson officials were calling “ hateful gossip . ” 
fact check : marco rubio says ted cruz undermined intelligence programs 
fact checks of the 2016 usa elections 
" it is not ... anything that can be seen or heard or handled , but .... something that is imagined " 
one fact-checker to rule them all : today launches the first column as our in-house " doubting thomas . " 
caught in a ( gasp ) fib . he should never become a tv psychic 
love nyt fact checking what the candiates saying for the next us pres election . 
fact check : donald trump saying he witnessed cheering on 9/11 in jersey city 
the new york times will be checking assertions made throughout the 2016 presidential campaign . 

a side serving of science for your next birthday party 
nytscience : rt jimgorman : a side serving of science for your next birthday party 
james gorman jimgorman : a side serving of science for your next birthday party 
a side serving of for your next birthday party thanks 
this is fun and educational a side serving of science for your next birthday party 
watching popping balloons with a high = speed camera : 
how balloons pop via 
high-speed video taken of a bursting balloon indicate that the orbs have two modes of popping . 

agriculture linked to dna changes in ancient europe 
this is fascinating — turns out whiteness is a result of lack of sun + agriculture , not merely lack of sun 
did you know that scientists have linked to dna changes in ancient europe ? more here : 
i'm continually fascinated by the way our diet and lifestyle has shaped our evolution 
are we hunter-gatherers , or r we now farmers , genetically ? 
how agriculture changed dna in europeans 
after agriculture arrived in europe 8,500 years ago , people’s dna underwent widespread changes . 
shift to agriculture ( away from meat ) reduced vitamin d intake , maybe triggering change in skin color of europeans . 
" they may be able to track historic changes in the human genome across the globe over tens of thousands of years " 
carl zimmer with the latest on the genetics of the agricultural revolution : 
this genre of article is very useful for thinking about population movement ( if yr into that kind of worldbuilding ) 
another great article by one of the best , 
fascinating - linked to dna changes in ancient europe 
new study proves that white europeans were once black 
covers new research on how agriculture shaped european genomes in 
how the birth of farming may have changed the skin color and height of ancient europeans 
geneticists at harvard have found that the rise of agriculture some 8,500 years ago led to widespread changes , affecting height and skin color . 

" thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right " 
they want to see friends . you want to see them . they're becoming adults . you miss your kid . college visits : 
college students coming home for the first time ? it may not be what you expect , but it can still be great ; 
thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality ... or back home ballers 
" i had been a parent for nearly 20 years . if i learned only one thing it was to pick my battles " . 
you send your anxious , excited freshman away in the fall . who's the person walking in the door for winter break ?... 
when your kids ' first college visit isn't exactly how you thought it would be : 
your child & thanksgiving . as with all else , you know your child & family best so do what works for you ... 
newly minted college students , adult in their minds and kids to their parents , are coming home . how to cope : 
with aged kids is tough : here's one parent's outlook . 
parents of college students : read before they get home for thanksgiving via 
fantastic . a must-read . thanksgiving w/ college students : fantasy , reality , & getting it right via 
motherlode blog : thanksgiving , with college … 
motherlode blog : thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality , and ... 
news " thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting … 
new article via motherlode 
" despite months of missing my college kids , it took only minutes for my frustration to surface " at thanksgiving 

a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
can't always blame people for being sick . mta should better inform passengers what to do when they're feeling ill 
the ~ greatest city on earth ~ deserves way better than the inept and ancient mta mafia 
guys ! sometimes nyc subway riders get sick , causing delays , which annoys other new yorkers , and the times is on it . 
sick passengers causing nyc subway delays jump to 3,000 a month , from just 1,800 in 2012 : 
insightful tale of the mta's proverbial sick passenger , w/ transit-beat-mandated kicker . 
‘ sick passenger ’ : a phrase that subway riders hate 
this morning 
nyc subway risks . “ it just doesn’t make sense to delay thousands of people over one sick passenger . ” 
i once elected to throw up on platform at w 4th rather than be a much loathed " sick passenger " 
our nyc subway ads got a little face time in this piece about the increasing sick delays :: 
we've all cursed those " sick passenger " delays on the nyc subway . here's what's really going on : 
rt these are the words no new york subway rider wants to hear . 
" sick passenger " train delays have nearly doubled since 2012 
rt “ if you got sick , would you want someone to step over you & say : i’m late to get to macy’s ? ” … 
why can't they be just taken off the train until help arrives ? a hated phrase : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
" i'm late to get to macy's " is the most new york times reason to be annoyed on a train delayed by a sick passenger 
a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ' sick passenger ' - new york times 
. on what's up with " sick passenger " delays on the subway : 
this is really a great week for stories about the subway . via and 
nyc subway workers are instructed to announce a suicide on the tracks as a " police investigation " 
" sick passengers " are causing more delays than ever on but do we know what exactly is going on ? 
yes , there have been more subway delays because of sick passengers , discovers 
sick passengers have accounted for about 3,000 train delays each month this year in nyc 
" sick passenger " : a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more often 
ill passengers have accounted for about 3,000 train delays each month this year in new york , up from about 1,800 per month in 2012 , according to the metropolitan transportation authority . 

randall munroe explains it all for us 
what would happen if a pitcher threw a baseball at 90% the speed of light ? 
rt randall munroe's fans include bill gates and neil gaiman . his new book is " thing explainer . " http … 
" [ audience ] expanded .. to include mainstream readers who are curious about how stuff works " 
randall munroe , former nasa roboticist and creator of xkcd , explains it all for us 
how does randall munroe explain it all ? procrastination helps . fun profile of best-selling cartoonist 
randall munroe from explains it all for us 
if you can’t explain something simply , you don’t really understand it - bill gates 
rare 
weird , i always thought xkcd creator randall munroe's stick figures were self-portraits 
randall munroe , a former nasa roboticist turned web cartoonist , explains it all for us 
in “ thing explainer , ” mr. munroe , a former nasa roboticist turned cartoonist , describes scientific concepts using the most basic english . 

how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks 
additional ?! er , primary . " for pfizer there was an additional motivation , lowering its tax rate by moving to dublin " 
the deal between pfizer-allergan biggest in history between pharmaceutical companies ..... 
actually , $4.1 t in 2007 = $4.7 t today , so m&a in 2015 has not eclipsed 2007 
how the $pfe-$agn deal ranks by equity value , no . 3 behind vodafone-mannesmann and aol-time warner , says 
rt $155 billion of pfizer and allergan is the largest of all time 
$155 billion of and is the largest of all time 
with an equity value of $152 billion , the merger is the largest since the heady days of 2000 . 
how the $160 billion pfizer-allergan deal ranks 

