u.s. marine guilty in killing of transgender woman in philippines 
us marine guilty in killing of transgender woman in philippines - new york times 
web dsign 
seo website builder us marine gui ... 
3 years for first degree murder ? sounds about right .... 
click here " u.s. marine guilty in killing of transgender woman in philippine … 
a philippine court convicted a u.s. marine of homicide in the killing of a transgender woman last year 
lance cpl . joseph pemberton had been charged with murder , but the court convicted him of the lesser offense of homicide in the death of jennifer laude . 

took a long time but has finally happened . powerful female characters on 2016 pirelli calendar . keep it this way 
the 2016 calendar may signal a cultural shift - the new york times 
the 2016 pirelli calendar may signal a cultural shift 
rt are we " at a flexion point in the public objectification of female sexuality " ? 
yes to this !! the 2016 pirelli calendar , a cultural shift 
you go gurl ! 
the may signal a cultural shift 
the 2016 pirelli calendar may signal a radical cultural shift at via 
the 2016 pirelli calendar . so , so good . 
this year’s pirelli calendar recognizes women for their brains , not their bods . sadly , that's refreshing . 
the 2016 may signal a cultural shift 
interesting manifestation , or an artist's point of view that may change next year with a different photographer ...? 
the rise of the shero : on monday , a new kind of pirelli calendar was unveiled , showcasing 12 months of fully clad ... 
rt do you think the 2016 pirelli calendar could signal a cultural shift ? 
" besides , who uses a calendar anymore ? it has to stand for something else . ” 
' i wanted the pic . to show the women exactly as they are . ' thank u 
bravo !! i may need to get this calendar for next year !! 
fascinating cultural shifts ! 
" ... the rise of the shero ” ? 
dear santa , i'd love the 2016 pirelli calendar please . 
brava ! a new perspective on women of achievement . 

blood pressure , a reading with a habit of straying 
his advice to patients is to abstain from obsessively monitoring their blood pressure . 
us preventive services task force : bp measured in a doctor’s office " can be wrong about half the time " nyt : 
health - the new york time blood pressure , a reading with a habit … see more 
blood pressure - how should we measure it ? masked htn . nocturnal non-dipping , also bad for cv outcomes . 
measuring it once is a relatively simple task . measure it again and again , and you might find yourself on a … 
rt measuring it is a relatively simple task . measure it again and again , and you might find yo ... https … 
rt in the ny times jane brody nearly gets a stroke worrying about her blood pressure . spoiler alert : she's ok . … 

nyt : why do argentines make great hackers ? “ cheating the system is part of the argentine mentality ” 
in a global market for hacking talent , argentines stand out 
in a global market for hacking talent , argentines stand out - the new york times 
in a global market for talent , argentines stand out 
interesante ... ( or should i say " macanudo " - appears legit ? ) 
ny times newtop story : in a global market for hacking talent , argentines stand … see more 
rt the search for hacking talent is taking recruiters to ... argentina . by via … 
in a global market for argentines stand out 
hackers : " thanks to legacy of military rule & a culture of breaking rules of all sorts , argentina has become one ... " 
rt yay got featured by for the 
rt “ cheating the system is part of the argentine mentality , ” said cesar cerrudo . 
and it will increase inthe coming years 
the best hackers in the world are from argentina 
rt avast's + in the ny times talking and argentina's security talent . … 
rt in a global market for hacking talent , argentina stands out . heads to buenos aires to find out why . https :/ … 

cams and guns . 
how the paris attackers honed their assault through trial and error 
rt how the paris attackers honed their assault through trial and error 
how the attackers honed their assault through trial and error 
nyt on mastermind of paris attacks : " this time , he was on the scene .... this time he monitored his team of assassins " 
how the paris honed their assault through trial and error - the new york times 
eye beings honed entity through psychological feature and event 
re that last tweet . 
europe ( uk ) top story : how the paris attackers honed their assault through tria … see more 
' fascinating ' account of prep for suggests french syrian airstrikes targetted abaaoud prior to them . 
a chilling account of how the paris attackers plotted terrorism under the noses of european authorities - 
nyt : paris attack ringleader began using encryption tech after previous terror plot was disrupted 
how the paris attackers honed their assault plans through trial and error 
rt excellent piece on by et al on planning for … 
amazing reporting on how head of paris attacks repeatedly escaped europol capture in years prior 
trial , error and terrorism : preparing for the paris attacks . 

as trial began , a ‘ humble ’ assemblyman didn’t appear guilty to several jurors 
as trial began , a \'humble\' assemblyman didn\'t appear guilty to several jurors - ne 
a detailed reconstruction of how jury found silver guilty that will restore any wavering faith in jury system : 
as trial began , a ' humble ' assemblyman didn't appear guilty … 
the new york times : several jurors were initially skeptical of the government’s case . 
as trial began , a ' humble ' assemblyman didn't appear guilty to … 
silver omitting goldberg & iryami from his financial disclosure form led last jury to convict . let that be a lesson ! 
“ just because it goes on doesn’t make it right . ” juror in sheldon silver trial . 

after attack , republicans keep hammering planned parenthood 
the american taliban continues to rally its violent supporters . 
eu tolera el terrorismo cristiano . after attack , republicans keep hammering planned parenthood 

tells a campaign rally in georgia that his critics can't take a joke 
trump tells georgia crowd his critics can’t take a joke 
trump tells georgia crowd his critics can't take a joke 
man in crowd shouted president was a “ dumbass , ” trump egging the man on : “ go ahead , say it again — louder . ” 
man in the crowd shouted president was a “ dumbass , ” trump egging the man on : “ go ahead , say it again — louder . ” 
trump egged on a man who called obama a “ dumbass ” and lit into senator bernie sanders — “ may he rest in peace ” 
would that for every mention of t , you give 5 mentions to bernie . rt donald trump ... 
most adults can distinguish an adult joke from an adolescent one . but not all can . 
trump tells rally that his critics can't take a joke fascist bullying is not funny 

indonesia cited the resetting of a circuit breaker in the 2014 crash of airasia flight 8501 
indonesia cites resetting of circuit breaker in 2014 airasia crash 
cites resetting of circuit breaker in 2014 airasia crash : the move led to a … 
the move led to a series of electronic failures that caused the pilots to lose control of the plane before it fell into the java sea , killing all 162 people aboard . 

officer in chicago shooting is released from jail 
" mcdonald was hit 16 times in 14 or 15 seconds , prosecutors say , and for 13 of those seconds he was on the ground . " 
$1.5 million bond set for in 
$1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting 
( $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting : jason van dyke , charged ... ( 
[ ♥.♥ ] $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting 
( ) $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting via 

rise in h.i.v. among china’s youth draws attention for world aids day 
did you know as of october 2015 , china had about 575,000 people living with h . i . v . /aids ? 
sharp rise in hiv infections among young gay men in china draws attention for world aids day 
rise in h.i.v. among youth draws attention for 
rise in among youth draws attention 
rise in hiv among china's youth draws attention for world aids day - new york tim ... 
keep in mind those who have left us and are living with hiv/aids . china's numbers are increasing . 
" about 575,000 people living with hiv/aids " - rise in hiv among china’s youth draws attention world aids day 
sexual transmission accounts for more than 92 percent of all new infections , more in line with international norms ,… 
rise in h.i.v. among draws attention ahead of via 
✍ rise in h.i.v. among china’s youth draws attention on world aids day 
rise in hiv among china’s youth draws attention for world aids day 
[ new y . times . eua ] sinosphere : rise in h.i.v. among china’s youth draws attention for world aids ... vía j.a.m.v 
rise in h.i.v. among china’s youth the health & wellbeing of young gay men matters : in china & across the world ! 
rise in among draws attention for world aids day 
rise in h.i.v. among china's youth draws attention on world aids day 
sinosphere : rise in h.i.v. among china’s youth draws attention on world aids day 

the holiday gift guide ! i helped ( good thing my kids won’t read ) . 
gifting & guiding has launched thx for including in your travel section ! 
the holiday gift guide — picks for kids under 12 and more . 
:: 2015 holiday gift ideas and guide 
2015 holiday gift guide : ese sandman overture deluxe edition estira como loco . 
gifts season !!! [ 
it's time for the annual " completely ludicrous things nobody can afford " list , aka the ny times ' gift ideas : 
dear santa , this stuff , please >>> 
2015 holiday gift guide via 
2015 holiday gift guide from 
not sure what to get the theater lover on your holiday gift list ? we've got some suggestions . 
cute interactive gift guide , nyt 
rt gifts for food lovers 
my are in the " home " section of the holiday gift guide ! 
what will you give your little one this holiday ? 

photos of the day 
pictures of the day : 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day 
[ your tuesday briefing : paris , xi jinping , donald trump [ 
your nyt tuesday briefing : paris climate talks , xi jinping , donald trump 
your tuesday briefing : paris climate talks , xi jinping , donald trump 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

can most easily be described by one word : volume 
in most areas , good or bad , kobe bryant has simply done more 

and the city 
check out this article . 
rt density = progressive . krugman : " ... demand for urban living by the elite could be met largely by increasing supply . " h … 
on the affordable housing supply : " .... this is an issue over which local governments have a lot of influence . " 
krugman : housing policy has become much more important than most people realize 
rt totally agree with paul krugman on this : " ... mainly because land use restrictions are in the way . " 
. on the inequality of the global urban renaissance : 
. cities are too expensive b/c we don't have enough good cities and supply is too low . 
land use restrictions make cities unaffordable . thanks 
rt gentrification is a movement of capital , not people , back to the city 
" today our urban cores are providing ever more amenities , but largely to a very affluent minority . " 
build nyc taller to help ensure ( reclaim ? ) economic diversity . taller taller taller . up up up . more and more people . 
rt should we be blaming city planners for high house prices ? krugman seems to think so ! https … 
rt krugman on cities and inequality : " housing policy has become much more important than most people realize . " … 
rt takes 11 graphs for paul krugman to identify land use restrictions - regulation - as culprit of nyc housing shortage https : … 
rt . housing + landuse policy are critical levers thru which can lead in fight v . https://… 
inequality and gentrification in nyc : its causes and some potential solutions , from 

like skimming one floating turd off the surface of the albany mafia cesspool >> albany’s political culture 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s political culture 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany's political culture 
guilty is a spur to would-be of political culture 
if we can't push through real ethics reform in albany now , it will never happen . this is a call to action ! 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s political … 
rt at the very least , advocates predicted , the silver verdict could have a chilling effect on albany legislators : … 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s… 

meet tumblr’s 15-year-old secret keeper - 
emotions and good-byes in the age of meet 15-year-old secret keeper 
meet tumblr's 15-year-old secret keeper - new york times 
the teenage girl who keeps all of the internet's secrets : 
rt up to 100 people a day are sharing sad messages with a teenager in ohio . 
emily trunko , an ohio teenager , has collected thousands of letters and text messages from anonymous people on the … 
rt meet the 15-year-old behind the dear my blank she has collected 17,000 letters that people will never send https : … 

in other news ,,,,, 
newly-elected mayor of alaska's capital is found dead 
new york times - usa - newly elected mayor of alaska capital is found dead - 
newly-elected mayor of alaska's capital is found dead 
greg fisk , fisheries consultant and new mayor of anchorage , found dead in his residence . 

" security breach at toy maker vtech includes data on children " 
yet another hack attack ... 

fyi grip on city of cc 
isis ’ grip on libyan city gives it a fallback option 
hardline fighters flocked 2 in 2012-13 ; now making reverse journey 
while uk airstrike advocates focus futile ' gesture bombing ' plans on syria , is is decamping to libya . 
the almighty f**k up in libya means that bombing syria and iraq still leaves isis a get out 
here's another - - grip on libyan city gives it a fallback option 
rt in public beheadings have started . radio stations no longer play music . … 
isis grip on libyan city gives it a fallback option 
isis & grip on libyan city gives it a fallback option 
libya : isis ' grip on sirte gives it a fallback option . via map via 
fighters and guards all bowed to a saudi administrator , or “ wali , ” sent by the islamic state to preside over the city 
rt isis in libya : the public beheadings have started . the radio stations no longer play music . https … 
grip on ( city gives it a fallback option 
" the first public beheadings have started ... local radio stations no longer play music " isis takeover of a libyan town 
rt in the public beheadings have started . the radio stations no longer play music . … 
rt consequence of washington's libya war : a port for isis but beltway too stupid to discuss anything beyo … 
isis ’ grip on libya city surt gives it a fallback option esp w.o. gaddafi 
rt bad 2-fer here : policy destroys libya & isis moves in - good job ! isis ’ grip on libyan city options http … 
rt isis in libya : public beheadings started . radio stations no longer play music - … 
hey cameron , if you are hell bent on bombing terrorists then this is the location you need to look at , or are you ... 
whack-a-mole . let's get involved : is leadership leaving iraq , syria establishing itself in libya 
rt isis establishes a colony in surt , libya , while other militias dither . by … 
rt libya is becoming an isis stronghold , but at least we don't have to worry about gadaffy meddling in african affairs https://… 
rt senior isis leader abu ali al-anbari recently arrived in libya by boat from across the mediterranean … 
rt isis may be preparing a fallback base in libya . 
rt libya's surt is now an actively managed colony of the central islamic state , crowded with foreign fighters … 
rt libya going well then ... " the first public beheadings have started " - isis ’ grip on libyan city 
isis ’ grip on libyan city now a fallback . hc owns libya , it was stable before her policies . 
may as well study up on islamic state in libya now . guessing you'll need to know about it later . 

a path for climate change , beyond paris 
what would a truly ambitious plan to tackle climate change look like ? 
a path beyond the paris climate change conference 
great piece in on our deep decarbonisation pathways work - kudos to team ! 
paris pledges lack rdd boost to enable 2030 onward . > 
how to get to deep carbon cuts : beyond paris 
a path beyond the paris climate change conference - new york times 
. seen as strongest us pol on climate , says regional gov'ts can pull nations toward tougher action 
" every country has to make this transformation , or else this isn’t going to work . ” 
' deep decarbonization ' : thought-provoking look beyond paris at big changes needed to head off warming 
what would a genuinely ambitious climate plan look like ? “ the arithmetic is really brutal . " 
a path beyond the paris climate change talks 
if regions/ cities can figure out how to move first on climate , they can drag their national governments behind them 
rt " experts who have long argued for a more intensive research program on clean energy have a point " 
nytimes : a ( green energy ) path for climate change , beyond paris 
rt what a big shift from the wedge concept popular in the 2000's: https :/ … 

notable children’s books of 2015 
notable children’s books of 2015 make note of this ! 
rt some great books here ! congrats to all the authors listed : notable children’s books of 2015 
always enjoy end-of-year booklists : notable children’s books of 2015 
notable children’s books of 2015 | nyt 
notable children’s books of 2015 ... new york times book review ... 
notable children's books of 2015 
retweeted reading rainbow ( need reading or gift-giving ideas this season ? try one of ... 
rt here are the new york times book review's 25 notable picture books , children's novels and ya of 2015 : … 
great list ! 
rt the hired girl & symphony for the city of the dead are 2015 notable ya books ! https : … 
the best in picture books , middle grade and young adult fiction and nonfiction , selected by the .. 
congrats six of crows is a nyt notable children’s book of 2015 ! 📘📕📚🎉 

the findings of china’s climate change report : 
china’s climate change report : the future of water and rainfall 
the findings of report 
human -induced activities raise the mercury . 
china's cc findings : warming above global average , precip up , less retaine : findings of c’s climate change report 
super brief of just-released report ( 900-page , 550 scientists & experts ) by 
must read ! " how has affected 900 pages summarised for you in this piece 
even if the goal is met globally , " temperature rises across china will be substantially higher " 
rt chinese report : even if 2 degrees is met , temp rises across china will be much higher : 2.7 to 2.9 degrees c … 
china bracing for temperature rises of 3 c , more floods , droughts , and rising seas . nice synopsis from 
beijing today - how all air will be if no paris success 
how global warming has affected and is likely to affect china via 
forget madmax - a cyclist in fuyang , china , on monday in the worst recorded smog of the year 
the findings of china’s change report 
findings of china’s climate change report rising and levels 
latest news : : 
rt the findings of china’s 900-page climate change report 

readers debate the wisdom of pursuing a lost 
true ! " more fun to imagine lost romances than to plug away at real one ... imaginary romance is light , fluffy & airy . " 
" we don’t have many chances to find love , let alone true love . " 
on lost loves : we all have at least one , right ? would you pursue yours ? 
these are funny - you can tell which were originally posted on fb & * clearly * meant for a particular person to see : 
" we don’t have many chances to find true love . take that leap of faith , you may be surprised " , i love this column ❤ ️ 

new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in the united states 
new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in us : lower incomes > higher death rates : 
new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in the united states - new york times 
a negative trend line to be excited about ! new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in the united states 
in major shift , diabetes cases start to decline ( tracks improvements in dietary and exercise habits in us ) 
yes . the # of new diabetes cases in the u.s. has started to decline , after decades of increases . 
the number of new cases of diabetes in the u.s. is finally declining , by | 
new cases , at long last , begin to fall in the united states 
ny times : new cases , at long last , begin to fall in the united states 
on the right track ? 1.4 million new us diabetes cases in 2014 , down from 1.7 million in 2008 
rt fantastic dec 1 front page story by new diabetes cases , last , begin 2fall in us … 
great ! 
good news for health , bad news for pharma ? new cases begin to fall in the u.s. 
new ibetes cases down : “ baby , i got my self-esteem going and i’m gone . ” 
dec . 1 , 2015 - - at long last , number of new diabetes cases in u.s. begins to fall 
new cases , at long last , begin to fall in the 🇺🇸 
the rate of new cases from 2008 to 2014 declined by about one-fifth , a possible indication that americans are … 

bill murray ! 
i like bill murray as much as the next guy ... or not , when a guy has a portrait of him on his car ? 
. the peculiar ascent of bill to secular saint 
bill murray - the new che guevara ? 
bill murray as secular saint . his film and real-life roles are merging . to me this was captured well in zombieland . 
“ there’s a lack of pretense , a lack of phoniness that people respond to ” in bill murray . 
the bill murray phenomena . makes a lot of sense . authentic . irreverent . a hero for modern times . 

google cultural institute puts us all onstage 
the google cultural institute is using 360-degree video to put you onstage with ballerinas 
rt the cultural institute is using 360-degree to put you onstage with ballerinas : 
from the library to the performing arts , google cultural institute moves center stage . 
new 360 degree video puts you onstage with the ballerinas , from the google cultural institute 
how do you get to google , google , my story : 
with 360-degree videos , fans of the performing arts can feel what it’s like to be in the middle of the philadelphia orchestra or the paris opera ballet . 

a fascinating riddle from 1958 : what's happening to the world's ice ? 

oscar race begins — without front-runners for a change - 
race begins , without front-runners for a change 
leonardo dicaprio has a strong chance for best actor , but for best picture , all bets are off . 
attention , film buffs ! 

family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearance 
speaking of murderers , good morning ! 
“ i am convinced that there’s no reason i shouldn’t say anything i want to anyone i want ” . 
such an insane story : family of first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearance 
one of the strangest stories , all true . family of robert durst’s 1st wife sues him for $100m in her disappearance 
family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her … track submission 
family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearan - nytimes 
family of robert durst's first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappearance 
dating single family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her disa ... 
kesha likes " family of robert durst’s first wife sues him for $100 million in her disappear … 
the mother and three sisters of kathleen durst , who disappeared decades ago , are employing a rarely cited law to p … 
$100 million lawsuit alleging violation of right of sepulture ( sepulcher ) . funeral law in the real world . 
robert durst is being sued for $100 million by his first wife's family in her disappearance 
the mother and three sisters of kathleen durst , who disappeared decades ago , are employing a rarely cited law to pursue the man they have long suspected of killing her , the wealthy scion of a new york city real estate family . 

could make or break obama’s legacy : 
narendra modi could make or break obama's climate legacy 
" narendra modi could make or break obama’s climate legacy " 
as india stakes an uncompromising claim to fossil fueled developed , concerns arise about paris climate goals . 
narendra could make or break climate legacy 
new york timesnarendra modi could make or break obama's climate legacynew york timesle bourget , f ... 
hatchet job by on india's position at jairam ramesh was the most objective voice you could quote ? 
very interesting how the nyt is framing india in the paris climate talks 
territorial division emerges as key animate thing in climate talks 
the obama-modi relationship could be key to the outcome of the paris climate change conference 
modi's green legacy ? india was the last major economy to submit a domestic climate change policy plan ahead of 
pm said " was not fault " 
rt " we are not an easy country to negotiate with " , jairam ramesh on india's paris positioning : 
narendra modi could make or break climate legacy 
a very shoddy piece by looks like an attempt to send across a particular viewpoint 
billions of folks ' health hangs in balance modi could make or break obama’s climate legacy 
top story : retweets narendra modi could make or break obama … see more 
could make or break climate legacy " obama got carried away with modi " 

:: for survivors of paris attacks , mental scars may outlast wounds 

100 notable books of 2015 
bummer . i didn't make the list . 
100 notable of according to the new york times 
" 100 notable of 2015 " via & 
rt starting to think about your holiday reading list ?! check out the 100 notable books of the year . … 
how many volume have you read from ny times's list ? 
suggestions de lecture ? 100 notable of 2015 
100 notable books for 2015 : 
" the complete stories " by clarice lispector edited by is in the 100 notable books ' 15 by 
you know that stack of unread books you have ? it's about to get bigger : 
your holiday gift giving list is solved : 100 notable of 2015 via 
richard mcguire is one of top books of 2015 . our comic by him still available 
new york times - notable books of 2015 [ bb ] 

[ dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son ’ tells the story of his mother’s murder [ 
“ i had to dig into the trauma to get to the beauty . " documentary on survivor 
awesome article in the ny times on my man dave navarro's new doc available 12/01/2015 and directed by one of my ... 
his story to tell : dave navarro’s mother was murdered by her ex boyfriend 
not your typical rock star movie 
the most interesting story you'll read this week : dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son ’ the story of his mother’s murder 
i'm excited to watch this but know i will cry ! ‘ mourning son ’ tells the story of his mother’s murder 
rt i interviewed dave navarro about ' mourning son , ' his documentary about his mother's 1983 murder 
dave navarro's ' mourning son ' tells the story of his mother's murder - new york times 

‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
"‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders " 
‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders # a three ring circus . 
a picture of an alien being and his minions ~~~ i would like someone to post a list of the " ministers , " " men of ... 
so , what do y'all think ? 
meeting with black leaders " private meeting with a smaller group that played down talk of endorsements " 
trump's middle name is " denial . " ' love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
disbelief follows donald trump meeting with black leaders 
' love ' and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders - new york times 
more disbelief , please . 
hah ! for all the fanfare , only got one black faith leader endorsement ! 
‘ love ’ & disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders trump is a jerk . he didn't make any friends here . 
“ however … mr. levell is not a minister . he is a local republican politician ” 
‘ love ’ and " he's full of shit " follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting w/black religious leaders 1 minister endorsed him , & organized event 
congregants shd fire their minister , and hire someone who won't hang out w/backwoods racists like 
news that trended today ‘ love ’ and disbelief follow meeting with black leaders 
' love ' and mental condition after material meets with black grouping 
“ i got a free ticket , ” 
all of these free tickets ... 
' love ' and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders - new york … 
“ i don’t know how you preach jesus , a refugee , on sunday and then deal with a refugee-basher on monday . ” 

new york today : the verdict is in 
new york today : new york today : the verdict is in 
" new york today : the verdict is in " by tatiana schlossberg and noah remnick via 
brooklyn in the building via nyt 
a trial’s conclusion , rainy weather , and action on climate change . 

what david carr taught us 
. " i looked into my notebook from a year ago and it said ' ask questions but ask the right questions . '" 
as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire journalists 
david carr memories former editor anne schindler part of the cult of carr 
‘ you have to break some eggs to make an omelet , ’ 
nytimes : as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire jou … 
rt as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire journalis … 

savory tarts to win over a sugar-shy holiday crowd 
rt city kitchen : savory tarts to win over a sugar-shy holiday crowd 
if you love to bake for the holidays , consider going in a salty direction 
a kind of fancy mini pizzas , with caramelized onions and gorgonzola , topped with walnuts and sprinkled with rosemary . 

" pope francis ends african trip with visit to a mosque " 
top story : with raymond pope francis ends african trip with vi … see more 
" together , we must say no to hatred , to revenge and to violence . " 
ended his trip to africa with a visit to a mosque i wish more leaders would visit mosques 
physical entity francis ends african abstract entity with entity to a physical entity 
pope ends african trip with visit to a mosque : francis ’ six-day swing through … 
ny times : pope ends african trip with visit to a mosque 

how hard is new york’s algebra exam ? 
waiting for my meeting to start so i decided to take this alegbra quiz to pass time take it everyone it's fun haha 
how hard is ny's algebra exam ? 
i daresay the average singaporean high schooler should ace these . rt how hard is new york's algebra exam ? 
when your hubs is a math teacher & u show him this article & suddenly ur doing algebra together on a mon night lol 
( 1/2 ) the posted a 5-question algebra quiz with 0 further insights about the individual questions 
question no one asks about this math : why should students care about solving problems like these ? 
couldn’t resist algebra test . got 100 on my algebra regents a long time ago . only 4/5 correct this time ! 
sample test questions from new york's algebra exam . i got 2/5 . 
not surprisingly , i cannot recall how to do any of this : 
could you pass new york's new algebra i regents exam ? 
seriously americans , if this is your high school algebra exam you're fucked up . 
i would not be comparing it to " average " standards , i would be comparing it to the highest global standards ! the sam … 
but will either company be around that long ? 
* quiz * how hard is exam ? i am a writer , so numbers are not my friend . but i still scored 5/5 . 
will you do better than 37% of new york students on the algebra test ? 
i got 3 out of 5 on the regents algebra quiz . not sure i'm college ready . 
want to be disappointed by how much smarter you used to be ? take our high school algebra quiz ! 
could you pass the regent's algebra exam ? take the quiz . 
do u think exam is too hard ? try quiz to get a sense 4 yourself : 
rt could you pass the regent's algebra exam ? take the quiz . 
jonah first choice 8 . . 
i got four out of five right on this algebra quiz and i guessed at two of them , just like high school : 
how hard is new york's high school algebra exam ? 5 questions to test your math skills . 
a sample of questions from this year’s new york regents algebra i exam , which was aligned with the common core curriculum . 

in baseball , a sparkling consolation prize 
. on " losers ' rings , " mementos that nostalgic runners-up buy themselves in baseball 
to the winners , a ring . and to the losers , also a ring . 
i can't believe i never knew mlb teams gave themselves rings just for winning the pennant . huh . h/t 
" mets getting rings for losing world series ? " 
to the winners , a ring . and to the losers , also a ring . see more 
" to the winners , a ring . and to the losers , also a ring . " by tim rohan via nyt 
well this is a fun one from -- to the winners , a ring . and to the losers , also a ring . 

