rt " ... the first time the attraction of the subjects is in their résumés , not their me … 
the 2016 pirelli calendar may signal a cultural shift 
real women in the 2016 pirelli calendar - a cultural shift 
rt the pirelli 2016 calendar is looking good ... 
the influence of the photographer on a shoot . leibowitz does the 
pin ups chosen for their minds and achievements . damn , there's an idea ! leibowitz gets the nod for the pirelli ... 
good-bye , naked supermodels on tire maker pirelli's calendar ; hello , fully-clad women with impressive resumes 
" perhaps clothed women are going to have a moment . " the new pirelli calendar : 
the 2016 may signal a cultural shift 
" ... the first time the attraction of the subjects is in their résumés , not their measurements . " 
the new pirelli calendar makes me happy . 
the 2016 calendar may signal a cultural shift 
creative kudos on new to | let's hope it's a shift that sticks | 
this year in trends : " we are at a flexion point in the public objectification of female sexuality " 
2016 pirelli calendar recognizes women's achievements- no provocation in poses 
3/ when mellody hobson , head of $10 billion money mgmt firm , got the call , husband said , " do you know what that is ? " 
rt 1/when agnes gund , philanthropist & president emerita of museum of modern art , got the … 
2/ when fran lebowitz , 65-year-old author , got the call , she said , “ i thought it was a joke ” 
1/when agnes gund , philanthropist & president emerita of museum of modern art , got the call , she thought : that’s odd 
i love this and what it stands for . self acceptance and being proud of the core of who you are regardless of what ... 
... enter a new trend .. " their résumés , not their measurements " . along with playboy’s decision in october to end ... 
goddess is here . for reals . 
<3 this ! 
a huge doubt . " there’s little doubt that the pirelli pivot will be widely perceived as a political statement " 
yayy 
" we are at a flexion point in the public objectification of female sexuality ... we call it the rise of the shero . " ... 
" ... substance to the theory that we are at a flexion point in the public objectification of female sexuality . " 
you guys see the yet ? pretty cool stuff . 
the paradigm shift , so they say .... it's almost 2016 and for the first time ever , pirelli calendar is featuring ... 
where are you michelin ? 
the 2016 pirelli calendar is a page-turner for different reasons 
moving away from a collection of pinups , the tire maker’s 2016 calendar is a page-turner for different reasons . 

blood pressure , a reading with a habit of straying 
blood pressure - how should we measure it ? masked htn . nocturnal non-dipping , also bad for cv outcomes . 
measuring it once is a relatively simple task . measure it again and again , and you might find yourself on a … 
measuring it is a relatively simple task . measure it again and again , and you might find yo ... 
in the ny times jane brody nearly gets a stroke worrying about her blood pressure . spoiler alert : she's ok . 

how the paris attackers honed their assault through trial and error : 
“ paris , they fear , heralds a new era of terror , one that could play out on the streets of european capitals for yrs ” 
incredibly reported piece on history and methods of paris attacks ringleader and his squad 
>> more on the paris attacks . 
state of terror : how the paris attackers honed their assault through trial and ... unete a 

as trial began , a ' humble ' assemblyman didn't appear guilty to several jurors - new york times 
as trial began , a ' humble ' assemblyman didn't appear guilty to several jurors - new … 
as trial began , a ‘ humble ’ assemblyman didn’t appear guilty to several ... 
as trial began , a ' humble ' assemblyman didn't appear guilty to several jurors - new york … 
a detailed reconstruction of how jury found silver guilty that will restore any wavering faith in jury system : 
as trial began , a ' humble ' assemblyman didn't appear guilty to … 
silver omitting goldberg & iryami from his financial disclosure form led last jury to convict . let that be a lesson ! 
“ just because it goes on doesn’t make it right . ” juror in sheldon silver trial . 

after attack , republicans keep hammering planned parenthood 

narendra modi could make or break obama’s climate legacy . 
narendra modi could make or break obama's climate legacy - new york times 
top story : retweets narendra modi could make or break obama … see more 
could make or break climate legacy " obama got carried away with modi " 
" we are not an easy country to negotiate with " , jairam ramesh on india's paris positioning : 
narendra could make or break climate legacy 
because only new york times can tell you : american life is best , we can pollute and you dont deserve that life 
rt unfortunate comment by jairamramesh --> wonder if he wd have said the same if mms was in paris negotiat … 
modi could make or break obama's climate legacy : | he should probably also return the unicorn he stole from sasha 
unfortunate comment by jairamramesh --> wonder if he wd have said the same if mms was in paris negotiating for india 
rt critics , this is for you . when was the last time india had a leader at a global negotiating desk ? … 
narendra modi could make or break obama’s legacy 

officer in chicago shooting is released from jail 
$1.5 million bond set for in 
$1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting - 
( $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting : jason van dyke , charged ... ( 
[ ♥.♥ ] $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting 
( ) $1.5 million bond set for officer in chicago shooting via 

the holiday gift guide ! i helped ( good thing my kids won’t read ) . 
gifting & guiding has launched thx for including in your travel section ! 
the holiday gift guide — picks for kids under 12 and more . 
2015 holiday gift ideas and guide 
2015 holiday gift guide : ese sandman overture deluxe edition estira como loco . 
gifts season !!! [ 
it's time for the annual " completely ludicrous things nobody can afford " list , aka the ny times ' gift ideas : 
dear santa , this stuff , please >>> 
2015 holiday gift guide via 
2015 holiday gift guide from 
not sure what to get the theater lover on your holiday gift list ? we've got some suggestions . 
cute interactive gift guide , nyt 
rt gifts for food lovers 
my are in the " home " section of the holiday gift guide ! 
what will you give your little one this holiday ? 

photos of the day 
pictures of the day : 

inequality and the city . 
krugman : housing policy has become much more important than most people realize 
rt totally agree with paul krugman on this : " ... mainly because land use restrictions are in the way . " 
. on the inequality of the global urban renaissance : 
rt density = progressive . krugman : " ... demand for urban living by the elite could be met largely by increasing supply . " h … 
. cities are too expensive b/c we don't have enough good cities and supply is too low . 
land use restrictions make cities unaffordable . thanks 
rt gentrification is a movement of capital , not people , back to the city 
" today our urban cores are providing ever more amenities , but largely to a very affluent minority . " 
build nyc taller to help ensure ( reclaim ? ) economic diversity . taller taller taller . up up up . more and more people . 
rt should we be blaming city planners for high house prices ? krugman seems to think so ! https … 
rt krugman on cities and inequality : " housing policy has become much more important than most people realize . " … 
rt takes 11 graphs for paul krugman to identify land use restrictions - regulation - as culprit of nyc housing shortage https : … 
rt . housing + landuse policy are critical levers thru which can lead in fight v . https://… 
inequality and gentrification in nyc : its causes and some potential solutions , from 
" in this age of has become much more important than most people realize . " 
on says " ... policy has become much more important than most people realize . " 
as higher income ppl move closer to city centers , gr8 need to continue building in 
krugman thinks that gentrification is " high income elites " who would instead live in " sprawling suburban estates " . 
rt real progresssives who won real nobel prizes support liberalized urban land use policy to fight inequality : … 
rt paul krugman calls for land-use deregulation . 

guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany's political culture 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s political culture 
if we can't push through real ethics reform in albany now , it will never happen . this is a call to action ! 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s political … 
at the very least , advocates predicted , the silver verdict could have a chilling effect on albany legislators : 
guilty verdict is a spur to would-be reformers of albany’s… 

meet tumblr’s 15-year-old secret keeper 
the teenage girl who keeps all of the internet's secrets : 
rt up to 100 people a day are sharing sad messages with a teenager in ohio . 
emily trunko , an ohio teenager , has collected thousands of letters and text messages from anonymous people on the … 
rt meet the 15-year-old behind the dear my blank she has collected 17,000 letters that people will never send https : … 
meet tumblr's 15-year-old secret keeper - new york times 
the worst 😢 
the last message received tumblr might just break your heart . it's the work of a 15-year-old in ohio . 
emily trunko , an ohio teenager , has collected thousands of letters and text messages from anonymous people on the internet . 

breach at toy maker vtech includes data on children 
we need a online bill of rights . this is absurd . 
rt a digital toy maker was hacked , putting 5 million people ( including children ) at risk 
vtech security breach puts personal information of 5 million people , including children , at risk . 
the hong kong company said that personal information of five million people had been compromised , including the na … 
security at toy maker vtech includes data on children 
security breach at toy maker vtech includes … 

a path beyond the paris climate change conference 
" a path beyond the paris climate change conference " by justin gillis via nyt 
via nytimes 
| new york times 
the paris talks won't be enough . this is what an ambitious climate plan would look like . 
there are leaders seeking aggressive solutions to global warming , but success will be difficult given that technologies and overall efforts may not be sufficient . 

notable children’s books of 2015 
notable children’s books of 2015 my fav ask me 
notable children’s books of 2015 - good list of books to consider for holiday gifts ! 
rt here are the new york times book review's 25 notable picture books , children's novels and ya of 2015 : … 
rt notable children’s books of 2015 
notable children's books of 2015 
notable children’s books of 2015 via 
rt the hired girl & symphony for the city of the dead are 2015 notable ya books ! https : … 
wonderful notable children's books of 2015 list — congrats to all ! 
rt need reading or gift-giving ideas this season ? try one of the notable children's books of 2015 ! https : … 
the best in picture books , middle grade and young adult fiction and nonfiction , selected by the .. 
congrats six of crows is a nyt notable children’s book of 2015 ! 📘📕📚🎉 

the findings of china’s climate change report : 
chinese report : even if 2 degrees is met , temp rises across china will be much higher : 2.7 to 2.9 degrees c 
china bracing for temperature rises of 3 c , more floods , droughts , and rising seas . nice synopsis from 
china’s climate change report : the future of water and rainfall 
beijing today - how all air will be if no paris success 
how global warming has affected and is likely to affect china via 
forget madmax - a cyclist in fuyang , china , on monday in the worst recorded smog of the year 
the findings of china’s change report 
findings of china’s climate change report rising and levels 
latest news : : 
the findings of china’s 900-page climate change report 

true ! " more fun to imagine lost romances than to plug away at real one ... imaginary romance is light , fluffy & airy . " 
" we don’t have many chances to find love , let alone true love . " 
on lost loves : we all have at least one , right ? would you pursue yours ? 
readers debate the wisdom of pursuing a lost 
these are funny - you can tell which were originally posted on fb & * clearly * meant for a particular person to see : 
" we don’t have many chances to find true love . take that leap of faith , you may be surprised " , i love this column ❤ ️ 
" just because you fall in love with someone doesn’t necessarily mean they will fall in love with you " 
thoughts on a modern love column , in which the writer had a simple message : “ real love , once blossomed , never disappears . ” 

new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in the united states 
diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in the united states - new york times 
new diabetes cases , at long last , begin to fall in the … 
new cases , at long last , begin to fall in the united states 
the rate of new cases from 2008 to 2014 declined by about one-fifth , a possible indication that americans are getting a little healthier . 

bill murray ! 
bill murray as secular saint . his film and real-life roles are merging . to me this was captured well in zombieland . 
“ there’s a lack of pretense , a lack of phoniness that people respond to ” in bill murray . 
the bill murray phenomena . makes a lot of sense . authentic . irreverent . a hero for modern times . 
brooklyn in the building via nyt 

race begins , without front-runners for a change 
it's the most wonderful time of the year ... oscar race begins , without front-runners for a change 
top story : oscar race begins , without front-runners for a change see more 
quezada post : oscar race begins , without front-runners for a change see more 
leonardo dicaprio has a strong chance for best actor , but for best picture , all bets are off . 
attention , film buffs ! 

congregants shd fire their minister , and hire someone who won't hang out w/backwoods racists like 
" love " and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
news that trended today ‘ love ’ and disbelief follow meeting with black leaders 
' love ' and mental condition after material meets with black grouping 
“ i got a free ticket , ” 
all of these free tickets ... 
' love ' and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders - new york … 
“ i don’t know how you preach jesus , a refugee , on sunday and then deal with a refugee-basher on monday . ” 
‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
the bizarre world of where he says he has the support of 100 black ministers before actually ... 
rt ‘ love ’ and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders 
' love ' and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black … 
organo gold ' love ' and disbelief follow donald trump meeting with black leaders - new … >> 
mr. trump’s political debut with black religious leaders was refashioned into a private meeting with a smaller group that downplayed talk of endorsements . 

[ dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son ’ tells the story of his mother’s murder [ 
awesome article in the ny times on my man dave navarro's new doc available 12/01/2015 and directed by one of my ... 
his story to tell : dave navarro’s mother was murdered by her ex boyfriend 
not your typical rock star movie 
the most interesting story you'll read this week : dave navarro’s ‘ mourning son ’ the story of his mother’s murder 
i'm excited to watch this but know i will cry ! ‘ mourning son ’ tells the story of his mother’s murder 
rt i interviewed dave navarro about ' mourning son , ' his documentary about his mother's 1983 murder 
dave navarro's ' mourning son ' tells the story of his mother's murder - new york times 

what david carr taught us 
. " i looked into my notebook from a year ago and it said ' ask questions but ask the right questions . '" 
as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire journalists 
david carr memories former editor anne schindler part of the cult of carr 
‘ you have to break some eggs to make an omelet , ’ 
nytimes : as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire jou … 
rt as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire journalis … 

savory tarts to win over a sugar-shy holiday crowd 
a kind of fancy mini pizzas , with caramelized onions and gorgonzola , topped with walnuts and sprinkled with rosemary . 

how hard is new york’s algebra exam ? 
i did it all in my head and i scored 4/5 ::::::::::: colour this musician impressed ! how hard is ny's algebra exam ? 
i daresay the average singaporean high schooler should ace these . rt how hard is new york's algebra exam ? 
when your hubs is a math teacher & u show him this article & suddenly ur doing algebra together on a mon night lol 
( 1/2 ) the posted a 5-question algebra quiz with 0 further insights about the individual questions 
question no one asks about this math : why should students care about solving problems like these ? 
couldn’t resist algebra test . got 100 on my algebra regents a long time ago . only 4/5 correct this time ! 
sample test questions from new york's algebra exam . i got 2/5 . 
not surprisingly , i cannot recall how to do any of this : 
could you pass new york's new algebra i regents exam ? 
seriously americans , if this is your high school algebra exam you're fucked up . 
i would not be comparing it to " average " standards , i would be comparing it to the highest global standards ! the sam … 
but will either company be around that long ? 
* quiz * how hard is exam ? i am a writer , so numbers are not my friend . but i still scored 5/5 . 
will you do better than 37% of new york students on the algebra test ? 
i got 3 out of 5 on the regents algebra quiz . not sure i'm college ready . 
want to be disappointed by how much smarter you used to be ? take our high school algebra quiz ! 
could you pass the regent's algebra exam ? take the quiz . 
do u think exam is too hard ? try quiz to get a sense 4 yourself : 
rt could you pass the regent's algebra exam ? take the quiz . 
jonah first choice 8 . . 
i got four out of five right on this algebra quiz and i guessed at two of them , just like high school : 

in baseball , a sparkling consolation prize 
i can't believe i never knew mlb teams gave themselves rings just for winning the pennant . huh . h/t 
" mets getting rings for losing world series ? " 
to the winners , a ring . and to the losers , also a ring . 
. on " losers ' rings , " mementos that nostalgic runners-up buy themselves in baseball 
to the winners , a ring . and to the losers , also a ring . - new york times 
" to the winners , a ring . and to the losers , also a ring . " by tim rohan via nyt 
well this is a fun one from -- to the winners , a ring . and to the losers , also a ring . 

