fact check : donald trump says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
" fact checks of the 2016 election " 
rt " fact checks of the 2016 election " via 
the new york times will be checking assertions made throughout the 2016 presidential campaign . 
fact checks of the u.s. 2016 election 
facts are not an element for some candidates . 
fact check : donald says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
well , this is fun , and horrible 
fact checks of the election - the new york times 
the herald news took pains to discredit what paterson officials were calling “ hateful gossip . ” 
fact check : marco rubio says ted cruz undermined intelligence programs 
fact checks of the 2016 usa elections 
" it is not ... anything that can be seen or heard or handled , but .... something that is imagined " 
one fact-checker to rule them all : today launches the first column as our in-house " doubting thomas . " 
caught in a ( gasp ) fib . he should never become a tv psychic 

extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over two decades via 
extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 decades - 
600,000 deaths laid to weather 
according to extreme weather is tied to over 600,000 deaths over two decades via 
top story extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 deca … see more 
extreme weather tied to more than 600,000 deaths over 2 decades - 
rt a u . n . -backed climate meeting starts next monday in paris . more than 120 national leaders are set to attend … 
extreme tied to over 600,000 deaths over two decades , via - 
rt the u.n. is warning that the frequency and impact of weather-related disasters will rise 
rt un report : weather disasters injured 4.1 bn people in last 20 yrs , caused trillions in damage , and will keep rising https … 

why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
why it takes two years for to enter the u.s : 
rt the dumbest path for a terrorist to sneak attack the u.s. is to pose as a syrian refugee ... 
rt reality check : why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
the 20 step refugee resettlement process that has bigoted politicians and islamophobes so worried . 
would a terrorist enter as refugee or get tourist visa ? why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
rt excellent infographic about the thorough background/security checks already in place for refugees resettling in usa . htt … 
afraid of refugees ? check out screening process they have to pass - the new york times 
rt here's why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the united states … 
" why it takes 2 years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. " good read . 
why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. : new york times 
with mere 20-step us review process for syrian refugees , i can see why the demagogues worry . 
why in takes two years to screen refugees 
it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. and the house just voted to tighten screening procedures 
rt 20 steps & security checks ( including proposed ) refugees must pass , before being admitted to u.s. ht … 
rt syrians already subject to additional checks than other refugees . here's the process : … 
rt ever wanted to understand why it takes about 2 years for to enter the u.s. ? 
rt good information on the current screening process in place for syrian refugees → 
rt why syrian refugees must wait two years to enter the united states . 
rt why it takes two years to screen syrian refugees trying to get into the us 
rt why it takes 2 years for a syrian refugee to apply to come to the us 
i wonder how many of those who oppose welcoming those fleeing from poverty , violence and death could pass this ?... 
rt for everyone who seriously thinks it's easy to enter the u.s. as a syrian refugee - 
rt excellent , succinct info from why it takes 2 yrs to enter the us . … 
why does it take 2 years for a syrian refugee to get to the us ? 

really enjoyed this piece , which profiles popular commenters : thanks for sharing ( go larry ! ) 
meet some of our top commenters 
rt ` i was selected as 1 of the 14 . meet some of our top commenters - the new york times … 
rt meet the nyt's top commenters . this is an amazing group of humans : 
meet some of top commenters h/t 
one of a site's potentially greatest assets is its community . good to see the tending its garden . 
commenters , in this digital era , are transforming the new york times 
` i was selected as 1 of the 14 . meet some of our top commenters - the new york times rt 
nyt profiles it's top online commenters ! 
for an nyt comment , " i can spend a half-hour writing and rewriting the first line . " 
the profiles some of their top commenters via need to know newsletter 
nyt commenters : " i like news . i like reading it ... not tv heads screaming at me about how i should be perceiving it " 
as an occasional moderator , i loved this . meets some of the nyt's top commenters : 
these are some of the top commenters on 
nice move by to recognize top commenters !! 
nice . introduces some of its top commenters : 
this is great , the new york times profiles the top commenters on its website - via 
meet some of top commentors , people who value being informed 
from poet/electrical engineer ( age 95 ) to stay-at-home mom , nyt commenting community luminaries outshine the trolls : 
rt charming & thoughtful commenters actually exist , profiled here 
meet some of the top commenters on 
a good reason why comment sections shouldn't be shut . would b fun 2see a similar piece cc 
clicked just to see if larry was on here dude who somehow comments on like every nyt article in poetry ! ) 
ok , we need a meet the wsj commenters pronto . wait . no . that'd be scary . meet the nyt's top commenters : 
i've always enjoyed nyt comments section , very cool that now they introduce the people behind them 
rt the ny times respects and touts people who post excellent comments . maybe this is why there are exc … 
i love this . meet some of the top commenters 
great idea , even better executed 
love this > meet some of the top commenters : 
the best of the best , nyt commenters . great job profiling them . 
" i really don't want to offend anyone " , yksi nyt : n kommentoijista sanoo . " i like to see the evolution of thought . " 
yes , top commenters deserve to be engaged and rewarded . hats off to for this beautiful feature . 
one more reason why print has been replaced by digital . you get feedback on what you read : nyt's top commenters 

to cam newton , the only numbers that matter are 10 and 0 
bill rhoden is a cranky old man who thinks you kids need to take your calculators and get out of the press box : 
ease up on the analytics when assessing newton , writes the goat mc 
" look beyond the numbers and find a leader emerging " 
getslimmerquickly / sports of the times : look beyond the numbers and find a leader emer ... 
" cam newton is the perfect answer to those who say that numbers don’t lie " 
newton is not among the n.f.l. leaders in most passing categories , but he is the heart and soul of the 1 0-0 panthers , one of only two undefeated teams this season . 

a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ : 
a hated phrase that riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
in a subway system with 469 stations and as many as six million riders a day , some riders are bound to get sick . 
a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ' sick passenger ' 
the ' sick passenger ' is the urban bigfoot 
can't always blame people for being sick . mta should better inform passengers what to do when they're feeling ill 
i was once sick on a train . but the conductor just put me off in mineola and pointed to a hospital . 
" a voice over the intercom delivers the bad news ... your train is delayed because of a sick passenger . " 
on the subway , one rider's illness is many riders ' delay . ' there has to be a better way to handle it . ' 
somehow the ny times avoids asking why people feel it necessary to ride the subway while sick . sick leave , anyone ? 
a hated phrase that nyc subway passengers are hearing w/ increased frequency : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
this is the result of nyers not being more proactive and team-oriented in carrying sick people off everyone suffers 
the ~ greatest city on earth ~ deserves way better than the inept and ancient mta mafia 

“ it would be unsatisfactory ... if a world without matter were possible . ” einstein’s theories changed everything 
a century ago , einstein’s theory of relativity changed everything 
how einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 
no better guide to century mark of theory of relativity bonus old nyt headline “ can’t understand einstein ” 
dating single a century ago , einstein’s theory of relativity changed everything : the eq ... 
100 yrs of einstein’s theory of relativity describes how matter & energy distort cosmos ' geometry to produce gravity 
a century ago , einstein’s theory of relativity changed everything : the equation that describes fundamental wor ... 
new york times most viewed stories : a century ago , einstein’s theory of relativity changed everything ari pregen 
rt in " a century ago , einstein’s theory of relativity changed everything " by dennis overbye … 
how einstein's theory of relativity changed everything via 
a century ago , einstein’s theory of relativity , by 
" by the fall of 1915 , albert einstein was a bit grumpy . ” thus begins sage of general relativity 
happy birthday 
relativity turns 100 ! ( unless you happen to be moving at near the speed of light , in which case ... ) 
and thinking . great story about einstein’s theory of relativity 
the equation that describes fundamental workings of the universe is as compact and mysterious as a viking rune . 

is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest | 
breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest vía 
' some scientists have started referring to breast-feeding as the “ fourth trimester ” of pregnancy that completes ... 
studies suggest is good for mothers , not just babies . great news via 
new york times most viewed stories : well : breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest ari … 
is good for not just studies suggest via 
" breast-feeding forces the breasts to finally grow up & get a job " : sigh . why can't you just be a breast of leisure 
has long term health benefits for moms . read on ! 
some people are unaware of the many benefits a breastfeeding mother has-good for babe and good for mom ! quote ... 
is good for not just studies suggest via 
so the tells us that breastfeeding " forces the breasts to finally grow up and get a job . " really ? really ? 

it sounds like everyone should get the " thing explainer . " lovely to have it all explained . 
randall munroe explains it all for us 
randall munroe's fans include bill gates and neil gaiman . his new book is " thing explainer . " 
randall munroe ( xkcd to most of us ) explains it all for us 
what would happen if a pitcher threw a baseball at 90% the speed of light ? 
" [ audience ] expanded .. to include mainstream readers who are curious about how stuff works " 
randall munroe , former nasa roboticist and creator of xkcd , explains it all for us 
how does randall munroe explain it all ? procrastination helps . fun profile of best-selling cartoonist 
randall munroe from explains it all for us 
if you can’t explain something simply , you don’t really understand it - bill gates 

cats to the rescue in 
this is maartje , a cat from ghent , belgium . she will not be intimidated . 
" the cats appeared with machine guns , french fries and beer to comfort the citizens of brussels ... " 
rt of all the belgium lockdown twitter cats this may be my favorite . story here : … 
rt gotta love those belgians and their cats . disclosure : i might be just a little biased . 
the one in this picture looks like bartholomew's long-lost belgian sister : 
rt tweets beaucoup de in answer to lockdown . 
rt twitter to the rescue in brussels lockdown … 
lockdown & an order to refrain from tweeting . if this happens in the philippines , many will probably be complaining 
rt faced with it's twitter cats to the rescue ( photo : … 
more cat pic coverage in the 
bravo to brussels when govt asked residents to refrain from 
i didn't know you were involved in this 

a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad 
for the owner of saeed book bank in islamabad , books are more than just a business . 
a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad . best place in islamabad . 
rt a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad 
a visit to the saeed book bank in islamabad , which displays 200,000 titles , many in english 
great morning read on islamabad's saeed book bank 
islamabad journal : a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad 
nytimesworld : for the owner of saeed book bank in islamabad , books are more than just a business . … 

boo hoo , brooklyn : 
wrote a column about the sad fortunes of broooklyn .... broooklyn 
nets and celtics ; some things never change 
nets ' disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse - new york times 
nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
dating single on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting w ... 
it could always be worse ... a lot worse : 
" nets ' disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse " via 
great story idea , but man is it over-written 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps … 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting … 

pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel 
"" by unknown author via nyt 

donald trump’s shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches 
donald trump's shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches - new york times 
lies about donald trump again today here is the proof 
great look at trump's verbal twists and turns . no specifics , refusal to be pinned down , " just trust him " 
the ability to admit ignorance and error is something i want in all leaders . trumps fails . 
" here are some of donald j . trump’s favorite ways to deal with a difficult question " 
vist- trump's shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches - new york times 
" but mr. trump has shown that this year , voters care less than they ever did . " 

the 911 system isn’t ready for the iphone era 
. chairman tom wheeler calls on congress to help states update an antiquated 911 system : 
" 911 handle about 240 million calls a year [ .. ] but many local 911 call centers can’t receive a text , photo or video " 
911 isn't fully ready for what the world expects , is it ? nena - national emergency number association's oped ... 
the 911 system isn't ready for the iphone era - new york times 
the system isn’t ready for the era 
the 911 system isn’t ready for the internet era 
fcc chairman , tom wheeler , wrote a great ' plain english ' op-ed about the next years ahead for 9-1-1 . today in the ne … 
i like this idea very much : the 911 system isn’t ready ... 
opinion | the 911 system isn’t ready for the era - the new york times 
the system isn’t ready for the iphone era 
very important read : 
article from the 911 system isn’t ready for the era 
nyt op ed by on ( spoiler alert ! he's for it . ) 
" many local 911 call centers can’t receive a text , photo or video from a person in need " 
this is a big reason why nys ought to be returning more of the 911phone surcharge funds back to local government . 
we're working to bring next generation 911 solutions like tex t-t o-911 to our community , but we're not there yet .... 
rt the 911 system isn’t ready for the era 
so true : 911 system isn't ready for the smartphone era : 
seems like a clearly right idea in today's fcc chairman tom wheeler on how we need to update 911 
it's time . 
rt in op-ed , fcc's wheeler calls for federal funding to help 911 centers upgrade to handle texts , photos … 
the 911 system isn't ready for the iphone era via 
first responders are still relying on an emergency system based on dangerously outmoded technology . 

new york today : welcome to the jungle 
nytmetro : rt tatertatiana : even if you don't like red pandas , has something for you : piglets ! bears ! pata … 
even if you don't like red pandas , has something for you : piglets ! bears ! patagonian cavies ! otters ! 

women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
intriguing article from the times 
give dua the same lashes as her " friends " had in front of her 
rt how three women survived the islamic state , and then escaped . 
rt first in-depth look at life of 3 syrian women in raqaa under isis , including as part of its all-female moral brigade htt … 
heartbreaking story of what happens to the lives of women who become isis moral police . as with every form of ... 
we are not so full of evil as of inanity , nor so wretched as we are base . 
amazing reporting . the reality for women under hard choices and collaboration 
such a great read . 😱 
how women went from tattoos , bikinis and parties to become morality police members 
rt 3 excellent articles on isis and women : 2 ) sobering nyt piece on the experience of two women stuck in syria . … 
rt what a 21st century reads like . isis women enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish , escape … 
rt fascinating story about the mundane transition of three normal syrian girls into isis enforcers in raqqa … 
rt inside isis : great revelatory piece .. dont miss it : 
women and enforcers in recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
the article i was viewing : 
sad story but it is a great read ! anguish and escape 
“ they never let you forget that you’ve had to leave your country ” amazing story of 3 women who escaped is/fled syria 
some isis women who were morality enforcers recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
for women there is no adventure in joining is- only heartbreak . isis women and enforcers in syria 
this is great . the wrote something in a similar vein but i appreciate the 1st person 
three syrian women who worked as morality enforcers for isis , two of whom married isis fighters , and then escaped . 
this is the most morally and ethically riveting and complex story i have read in some time 
rt compelling story about wives of fighters in raqqa via 
isis women in syria recount collaboration , boredom , mourning , anguish , escape 
rt fascinating story of women's lives in the islamic state . good illustration of the pragmatist/true-believer split : … 
" every year , people think : ‘ next year , it will end . we will be free . ’ and decades pass . syria is a jungle now . " 
must-read . the orwellian fate of women under isis : " before , i was like you , ” she told a reporter . " 
food for thought : portrait of life in a war zone - recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
syrian horror story . 
rt how three women became members of isis ' morality police [ via 

gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of police in 
horrific . " gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of police in via 
rt white supremacists shoot 5 protesters . cops mace protesters . shooters still at large . … 
counter protesters open fire on black lives matter protesters . 
white supremacists shot 5 activists at minneapolis protests last night 
terrorist attack in minneapolis last night : < 
five people shot at protest in minneapolis . 
in mn , 5 black lives matter protesters were shot and wounded while they were demonstrating . 3 white male suspects . 
rt domestic terrorism : gunmen shoot 5 people at protest . 
rt armed white supremacy is the terrorist threat america must confront . everything else is a distraction . … 
rt 5 shot at by white supremacists . and i'm told that me and my people are the problem . https :/ … 
no but you guys , racism doesn't exist 
rt i have nothing to say today that is more important than what is happening in minneapolis . 
gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest in minneapolis 
this is domestic terrorism : 
rt people have shot protestors in minneapolis : 
[ yup ] mt armed white supremacy is terrorist threat us must confront . everything else is distraction 

turkish f16s shoot down warplane near syrian border : military official 
turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military official 
" turkey downs warplane near syria border , russia denies airspace violation " by reuters via nyt 
downs near border , denies violation 
turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military official : turkish f-16 ... 
turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military official : turkish f-16 fighter jets shot ... 
( turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military offici ... ( shaquille ) 

" ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations " 
the vulgar , personal attacks are actually ben carson quotes : supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations 
ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks on his absurdist lies in seeking donations via 
who chairs the ben carson-aligned superpac ? john philip sousa iv 
first draft : ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donation ... 
first draft : ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar’… 

turkey shoots down military plane near syria border 
turkish fighter jets shot down a military plane close to the syrian border on tuesday 

a side serving of science for your next birthday party 
a side serving of for your next birthday party thanks 
watching popping balloons with a high = speed camera : 

linked to dna changes in ancient 
. linked to changes in ancient europe 
how the birth of farming changed europeans ’ dna , via 
the arrival of agriculture in europe caused changes in people's dna , by | 
> get it . read it . agriculture linked to dna changes in an … see more 
origins of tolerance and - linked to lifestyle in ancient europe 
fascinating read about how agriculture changed the dna in humans thousands of years ago 
fascinating study on how agriculture changed our dna in ancient europe 
fascinating history of european agriculture thru dna sleuthing . 

thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right 
for those with children in university or college returning for the holidays , this is a great read ! 
thanksgiving with your college student ... 
the counter : filthy . the laundry : in the entry . the glasses ? all gone . your kid is home from college : 
college kids coming home for first time ? make the visit work : 
listen closely & you'll hear your own voice here// thanksgiving w college students : fantasy , reality 
too hilarious for words . " thanksgiving with college students : fantasy , reality , & getting it right " v 
rt newly minted college students , adult in their minds and kids to their parents , are coming home . how to cope : … 
they want to see friends . you want to see them . they're becoming adults . you miss your kid . college visits : 
college students coming home for the first time ? it may not be what you expect , but it can still be great ; 
thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality ... or back home ballers 
" i had been a parent for nearly 20 years . if i learned only one thing it was to pick my battles " . 
you send your anxious , excited freshman away in the fall . who's the person walking in the door for winter break ?... 
rt when your kids ' first college visit isn't exactly how you thought it would be : 
your child & thanksgiving . as with all else , you know your child & family best so do what works for you ... 

“ i decided i was going to be that beautiful temptress who ate men alive , flossed her teeth and spit out the bones " 
married to mailer , inspired by " carmen " : “ you lived from crisis to crisis , sang love duets and had screaming fights ” 
" the point of no return came when she told her husband that he was not as good as dostoyevsky " 
adele mailer , artist who wed norman mailer , dies 
brilliant adele mailer obit : " the point of no return came when she told her husband he wasn't as good as dostoyevsky " 
adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer , dies at 90 
the relationship , replete with affairs and stabbing , was stormy . adele , married to norman mailer , dies at 90 
adele mailer , 90 , artist , actress , wife and stabbing victim of norman mailer : “ adele morales was an aspiring pain … 
artist who was married to norman mailer for > 10 yrs gets an obit that references him in every paragraph : 
mrs. mailer embraced the downtown arts scene and a bohemian lifestyle . in 1960 , her husband stabbed her in the hea … 
norman mailer once got drunk and stabbed his wife in the heart ?!? yikes ! she just died , 55 years later . 
those were the days ! adele mailer , artist who married dies at 90 life in back when 
adele mailer , 90 , dies 
rt norman mailer's wife said he wasn't as good a writer as so he stabbed her . true story . … 
" ... she told her husband he was not as good as dostoyevsky " - obit of adele mailer ( via 
arts at new york times : adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer , dies a … see more 

victims , remembered 
victims of the paris attacks 
in the midst of the madness , what you should never forget : 
moving portraits of paris victims : 
victims , remembered - the new york times 
a heartbreaking face to the cost of terrorism 🇫🇷 
pause for a moment to shed a few tears over so many promising lives lost ..... 

pictures of the day : belgium and more 
photos of the day 
rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold . more photos from monday … 
rt a soldier patrolled an empty mall in brussels on monday . much of the city was closed … 
rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold in the north of the country https … 
rt photos of the day 
rt pictures of the day : 

breaking news : putin calls turkey’s downing of a russian fighter jet near the syrian border a “ stab in the back ” 
" ... the first time that anything negative has dominated russian news coverage of the military campaign ... " 
rt turkey shoots down military plane near the syrian border 
rt turkish fighter jets shot down a military plane close to the syrian border on tuesday … 
turkey shoots down russian warplane near syrian border 
" turkish jet shoots down russian warplane near syrian border " anyone else having moment ? goose ? mav ? 
updated ... turkey shoots down warplane near border 
rt putin calls turkey's downing of a russian fighter jet near the syrian border a " stab in the back " - … 
gloves are now off : shoots down warplane near syria border , 
rt stunning . turkey claims to have shot down a russian jet . russia only acknowledges that one has crashed in syria . https … 
said it was a stab in the back - shoots down near syrian border 
turkey shoots down russian warplane near syria border 
shoots down warplane after violation of airspace along boarder 
putin says turkey's downing of a russian warplane was a " stab in the back . " 
rt while covertly buying oil from isil , erdogan's turkey downs russian bomber 2.5 miles inside syria in north latakia … 
rt off to my survival bunker . best of luck to you all . " turkey shoots down russian warplane " https :/ … 
said it was a stub in the back - shoots down russian warplane near syrian border 
see , this is why you shouldn't read the news . 
rt calls downing of a russian fighter jet near border a " stab in the back " ( 
domdyer70 : rt nytimes : breaking news : putin calls turkey’s downing of a russian fighter jet near the syrian border … 
president vladimir v . putin of russia confirmed that an f-16 turkish fighter jet brought down a russian jet that he said had remained in syrian airspace . 

" putting the chicken before the egg " 
we like to see news about animals on pasture .... why it is news , i am not sure , as it is the most natural thing in ... 
2nd article this a.m. making me want to run away , back to the country : i miss my chickens . 
putting the matter before the reproductive cell 
putting the pastured chicken before the egg via 
raising hens that have access to open pastures ? what an eggcellent idea 
" the best thing about chickens is you don’t have to herd them . " … pastured 
pastured eggs have made it into mainstream media ! 
our " local " eggs make the big time ! we've eaten these for years , visited the farm and met the family . omg so good . 
cleaner eggs are hatching everywhere . 
re-imagining the food supply , w poultry & dairy cows in the open air : putting chicken before egg by 
fascinated , operationally speaking , in this approach to farming . would be interesting to visit a setup like this . 
terrific story on pastued eggs . 

rt podliska , fired from benghazi cmte for not attacking is suing to be reinstated : … 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader 
rt fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : … 
podliska , fired from benghazi cmte for not attacking is suing to be reinstated : via 
fired living thing sues construction benghazi organisation and its living thing 
fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : via 
via nyt > middle east 
rt benghazi committee investigator sues over his firing 

addicts , fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
new york times article/video on daily fantasy sports and gambling problems 
rt to those with addiction , daily fantasy sports looks a lot like gambling 
for those struggling with gambling fantasy sites can lead to a ruinous path via 
for addicts , fantasy sports sites can lead to ruinous path - 
for fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
while fanduel and draftkings are thriving ... more patients of gambling ? 
for gambling addicts , fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
are fantasy sports sites feeding gambling 
mass ag says draft kings is game of skill that needs regulation . ny ag disagrees . what say you ? 
really think sports not gambling lol 
nytimes , " for [ gambling ] addicts , fantasy [ sports ] sites can lead to ruinous path " : 
draftkings now warns playing fantasy sports could be a “ stress-inducer . ” but the word “ gambling ” does not appear > 
this article was a great advert for gambling anonymous .. show the extreme and the not so obvious is unveiled ... 
sharing the auto links popping and linksexploaded under the rainbow !! 

endangered white rhino nola dies at ... | 
taking time to watch the video made the sad news easier - nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
3 white rhino left on the earth !! death at san diego safari park 
so sad . rip nola . 
this is devastating news . endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park ( liam stack / new york times ) 
only 3 northern white rhinoceroses left on earth 
endangered white rhino dies at zoo safari park - only 3 nothrn white rhinos left 
and now there are only three . " endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park poaching , " civil " wars , human indifference . rip nola 
sure , when it is a white rhino , the media cares . 
nola , one of only four known northern white rhinoceroses , died on sunday at the san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left in the world : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left ... blows my mind endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park - new york times 
and then there were three . endangered dies at san diego zoo safari park 
sad side of science -endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zo o-o nly 3 known yet to exist . 
and then there were 3 - devastating 
sad news to hear that the endangered white rhino nola died at safari park 
this is truly sad : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered northern white rhino dies at san diego zoo this weekend . only 3 left in the world 
anf then there were three : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
there are only 3 white rhinos remaining on this planet . endangered white rhino nola dies 
breaks my heart : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
" endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " by liam stack via nyt science 
and then there were three : nola , one of the last white rhinos , died in san diego 
rip dear nola ! you must have been so lonely ... endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
this is what extinction looks like . 
rt awww . then there were 3 : nola , one of the last white died in san diego 
this leaves only 3 white rhinos , poachers would have it at 0 - endangered white rhino dies at san diego zoo 
the last three known northern white rhinoceroses live at the ol pejeta conservancy in kenya , where they roam in a ... 
3 white rhino left on earth ! death at san diego safari park 
northern white yesterday there were only four in the world , today there are three . 

f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs 
targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers & costs . by false positives and negatives 
rt overuse & over interpretation of medical tests rampant in our culture fda cracking down on poor … 
targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs . proper decisions require proper information . 
overuse & over interpretation of medical tests rampant in our culture fda cracking down on poor performers 
it seems as if almost every day i read something more distressing about healthcare in the us . is our system in ... 
some faulty tests lead to is that the only reason might give more oversight of them ? 
nyt : fda targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers ( like missing life threatening diagnoses ) and costs -- 
rt " the right regulation would separate good from bad tests and encourage use of the better ones . " 
rt f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests . so many tests = surrogates of doctoring . when will listening be in vogue ? htt … 
top health story : f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers … see more 
rt 2/2 nytimes says industry (& gop ) opposition to all regulation are weakening to quote mr spock … 
need similar standards in india 
2/2 nytimes says industry (& gop ) opposition to all regulation are weakening to quote mr spock - " fascinating " 
rt no oversight for laboratory-developed tests means they are inaccurate & dangerous : 
f.d.a. targets inaccurate tests , citing and costs - the new york times 
ny times politics newtop story : f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests , citing … see more 
how knowing the psychometric properties of a test can make the difference between life and death . 
like how is in quotes fda targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs 
with the use of tests booming , the administration wants new regulatory powers , and even republicans in congress ar … 
- top story : f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dange … see more 


the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
great interactive from the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
without the pledges , global temperatures would likely jump more than 8ºf by 2100 . 
pledges still over the needed 2c to avoid catastrophic climate change . not rational ! 
the pledges are in , will they fix anything ? 
interactive from the pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
great graphics headed into the paris climate change conf . " climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? " 
rt carbon dioxide reduction : the gap between what countries have pledged , and what the goal is https : … 
the climate change pledges are in . will they fix the problem ? via 
ocean sciences article of the day - climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? ( new york times ) 
rt what countries have pledged before the climate talks in paris start next week : … 
find out more about what pledges are at stake in climate change conference : 
look at the chart to know what countries have pledged before next week 
v neat visualization of the indc change pledges & their impact in the nyt 
current climate pledges fall in short . more ambitious pledges need to be made in paris 
rt this swift explainer on the paris climate talks was designed for mobile readers : … 
climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? is 4ratcheting up national commitments over time . 
the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ?... 
rt the change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? - great new interactive from … 
rt the climate change pledges are in . they are still not good enough . 

5 are shot near minneapolis protests . police search for three white men wearing masks . 
5 are shot near minneapolis protests , police say 
5 shot at minneapolis protest , by 
nytimes reports protesters are shot in minneapolis . 

engineering mosquitoes ’ genes to resist malaria 
now these are some mosquitoes we can get behind to help eradicate malaria . 
a that they hope will help eradicate from the world ?!? yes !! finally !! 
check this out ! engineering mosquitoes ’ to resist 
eliminating malaria and 600k deaths/year . 
altering mosquito to fight ( and etc ) 
engineering genes to resist 
very dangerous ! 
rt gene drive technology could eliminate malaria : pnas open-access paper : 
we just can't wait for this solution to be rolled out on large scale 
engineering mosquitoes ' genes to resist malaria - new york times 
scientists have created a mosquito breed resistant to malaria . could eradicate the disease the world over . 
engineering mosquitoes ’ genes to resist inserted 
nytimes science gene drive mosquitoes malaria 
this day in mosquito news : 
rt disappointing piece . engineering mosquitoes to resist malaria zero risk discussion . no … 
two teams of biologists have created a novel breed of mosquito with modified genes in hopes of eradicating the … 
engineers mosquito genes to resist malaria really cool visual , bug eyes and all 
" it’s hard to see any ecological downside to protecting the mosquitoes against the malarial parasite . " 
disappointing piece . engineering mosquitoes to resist malaria zero risk discussion . no balance or depth . 

rt breaking down doors , searches without warrants and aggressive ... 
rt all over france , police are breaking down doors , conducting searches , questioning residents , with few critics . … 
--" paris attacks spur emergency edict and intense policing in france " 
rt french push broad sweep forsuspects after attacks ; concerns over liberties ... 
" these measures are going to place a spider’s web over all of france , but in a discriminatory manner " 
rt rt breaking down doors , searches without warrants and aggressive ... … 
nytimes : french state of emergency spurs intense police tactics 
rt france : extrajudicial searches have shot up since - carried out in haste , under public pressure … 
french police using aggressive tactics that are perfectly legal under the new state of emergency 
top story : in france , some see the police security net as too harsh see more 
rt if you think three months of state of emergency in france area good idea , read this piece : … 
paris attacks spur emergency edict & intense policing in france " … nothing else matters … all just collateral damage … " 
spur edict and intense in 
if you think three months of state of emergency in france area good idea , read this piece : ( ht 
breaking down doors , searches without warrants and aggressive questioning a … 
breaking down doors , searches without warrants and aggressive questioning are al … 

when a bag is based on math 
when is based on the new 
oh , math , you used to be so cool . i thought we had this ' thing ' . now you've sold out and gone corporate . 

joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? - - 
joyce carol oates faces backlash on twitter following tweet : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
joyce carol oates . .. gore vidal : " the three most dispiriting words in the english language are joyce carol oates . 
joyce carol oates & isis if some thoughts are taboo , then we can only explore the local minima and maxima of ideas . 
joyce carol oates on is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
" joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ' joyous ' in isis ? - new york times " 
" randy souther , who has written about ms. oates for 20 years and started a scholarly journal focused on her work " 
" there is no joy in isis , " the mighty hath spoke out 
you deserve this 4 signing the anti-hebdo letter this year . you simply don't express yourself well . 
ny times reporting on jco isis tweets , money quote from douthat . self-parody , or are we just a monstrous society ? 
questions are critical . unfettered inquiry is the only force that can oppose poisonous ideology : 
author joyce carol oates comes under fire over tweets about 
joyce carol oates on isis : what is clear is that human beings can't live for long without meaning in their lives . 
the new york times quoted none other than redkahina in its article about joyce carol oates ' isis tweet lmao 

the attacks in paris and elsewhere signal a shift in the strategy of the islamic state . 
attacks and other assaults seen as evidence of a shift by isis 
what is missing in all media's report and analyisis about daesh is their cultic nature and how do they brainwash ... 
rt paris attacks , beirut bombings and downed russian airliner seen as evidence of a shift by isis 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ‘ external ’ targets , officials say 
important : intercepted communications suggest islamic state " central " directed paris and beirut attacks . 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ' external ' targets , officials say 
rt western intelligence abandons former belief that isis was only focused on controlling the muslim world … 
rt paris attack was coordinated by isis spokesman abu muhammad al-adnani , who has directly threatened canada . … 
were the attacks on paris , the russian plane , lebanon , etc ., evidence of a shift in isis tactics ? 
rt abu muhammad al-adnani has a $5mm bounty on his head . officials say he's chief of global ops . 
rt an analysis of isis videos found that russia was threatened the most , more times even than france . http … 
recent attacks in paris ... were the 1st results of a centrally planned terrorism campaign by ... the [ isis ] leadership 
paris attacks and other assaults seen as evidence of a shift by adnani now has a $5 million bounty on his head 
top story : paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ‘ external ’ t … see more 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution say this what happens in the face of weakness 
rt isis evolution to ' external ' targets ... 
paris attacksother assaults seen as evidence of shift by isis -the new york times al adnani , isis esteri 

john kerry visited a mosque on monday in abu dhabi and urged for a bigger push against isis . 
john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against islamic state in syr 
john kerry urging bigger push against islamic state in syria - the new york times 
nytimesworld : john kerry visited a mosque on monday in abu dhabi and urged for a bigger push against isis . … 
diplomatic memo : john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push … 
( diplomatic memo : john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against islamic state in … ( 
diplomatic memo : john kerry adds voice to those urging … 

getting ugly produce onto tables so it stays out of trash 
i love this idea ! i don't like to see good food being wasted just because it's " not pretty enough " . 
ugly 🍒 onto tables so it stays out of trash 
yeah for those who save the fruit ! ( and veggies ! ) bop funky fruit applauds you 
a start-up for " cosmetically challenged " fruit and vegetables from the bay area , where all produce is beloved . 
getting ‘ ugly ’ produce onto tables so it stays out of trash 
great move , getting ugly vegetable produce onto tables so it stays out of trash 
great idea . sf imperfect produce sells fresh , delicious fruits/veggies too ugly for your grocer 
getting ugly produce onto tables ... dining is not beauty contests 
great piece on and the new ugly produce trend 
“ anyone who has a backyard garden can understand that food grows in fun and funky ways . " 
edible , but ugly 
rt getting ‘ ugly ’ produce onto tables so they stay out of trash 
the rodney dangerfields of produce aisles get some respect . getting ugly produce onto tables 
still surprised so many people have a problem with imperfect produce . | | 
so excited to try ! 
i will gladly buy ugly produce if it's 40% less than pretty produce . 

just as we started to tame the beast , we shoot down his plane and cut off his power - 
as sabotage blacks out crimea , tatars prevent repairs 
read on crimean tatars as part of activist movement amid new tensions between russia and ukraine . 
rt " crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines " by ivan nechepurenko via nyt 
rt tatar activists block access to fallen power lines 
the always forgotten and by suppressed minority of uses black out to make themselves heard 
🆘as sabotage blacks out terrorists prevent repairs‼️ 
as blacks out prevent repairs 
sunday , saboteurs knocked out power for millions in crimea . monday , tatar and ukrainian nationalists blocked repairs 
as sabotage blacks out prevent repairs 
the cutoff of electricity to crimea is stoking tensions on the " border " with ukraine . by 
crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines : moscow — crimean tatar activists and ukrainian nat ... 
rt neilmacfarquhar : tatar activists block access to fallen power lines 
crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines ( new york times ) ( 1301 gmt ) 

" nestlé reports on abuses in thailand’s seafood industry " 
rt awareness is the 1st step . ❌ -- nestlé reports on abuses in thailand’s seafood industry : … 
rt news coverage highlights worst findings . full report more nuanced . but kudos to nestlé for going public on this one . http … 
world's largest food company says all seafood companies in thailand exposed to sea slavery . 
nestlé finds slave labor , human trafficking , & abuses in thailand’s seafood industry ; fancy feast faces litigation : 
" awareness is the 1st step . ❌ -- nestlé reports on abuses in thailand’s seafood indu … " 
most of thailand’s seafood workers are migrants , brought into the country by traffickers . 
the seafood industry in thailand suffers from widespread labor and human rights abuses , according to a nestlé report 
nytimesbusiness : the seafood industry in thailand suffers from widespread labor and human rights abuses , according … 
nestlé reports on abuses in thailand's seafood industry - new york times 

with ben carson , the doctor and the politician can v 
rt when ben carson speaks , are you hearing from a gifted neurosurgeon , or a conservative politician ? … 
when ben carson speaks , are you hearing from a gifted neurosurgeon , or a conservative politician ? via 
with the and the can vary sharply 
the two sides of ben carson 
interesting , well-researched & reported article on the enigma that is 
rt in profile of carson , brilliant surgeon , and mine the inexplicable complexity of being human … 
with the doctor and the politician can vary sharply 
omg . ben carson believes in god , doesn't believe in evolution , and is soft on vaccines . the horror ! 
ben carson and i have something in common beside the fact neither of us should be president . i don't swear either - 
a little bit about ben carson prior to his presidential campaign : 
dr. ben , doctor and the politician can vary sharply dr. ben , presidential candidates don't get treated like gods 
ben carson has a portrait of him and jesus on his wall at home - 
rt with ben carson , doctor & politician can vary sharply with a cameo from a former r … 
rt . the doctor v . the candidate . ( via and … 
important read with regard to one of the political dwarf's - sleep or dopey - not sure . 
rt wait you're not telling us ? what did a duck say ?! 
ny times politics newtop story : with ben carson , the doctor and the politician … see more 
“ when he walked around hopkins , he was like god . ” long before politics , ben carson was med students ' idol : 
rt portrait in ben carson's home depicting him with jesus really rounds out the nyt profile … 
nytimes : hospital colleagues see 2 carsons 
ben carson appears lucid in nyt interview on science vs . ideology . 
inside story of career is not so glittering as it's made out to be — as this article reveals this 
rt a possible ' rosebud ' here about where obsession w pc began : his removal as hopkins grad speaker … 
at home , ben carson has " a painting of dr. carson in a lab coat next to jesus , who has his arm on carson’s shoulder " : 
with ben carson , doctor & politician can vary sharply with a cameo from a former resident 
on the connection between ben carson the candidate and ben carson the neurosurgeon 
pro and con . more failed outcomes than you would expect . 
rt ben carson as surgeon : " he was like god . " on carson the surgeon vs carson the politician . https :/ … 
would the real ben carson please standup 
nytpolitics : rt tripgabriel : a possible ' rosebud ' here about where realbencarson's obsession w pc began : his remov … 

macri : from business to soccer to politics . 
mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presi ... 
should read this one ( rand among his favs ! ) macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency 
macri's election a big deal , but peronists have only held the presidency for 33% of last 4 decades , contra the nyt 
mauricio took detour from life as scion to presidency 
at boca juniors macri first displayed his preference for working in teams and mediating between quarrelling parties 
macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency - new york times 
argentina's president-elect says being kidnapped in 1991 put him on path to politics . a profile : 
an important election 
rt pesonaindon mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presi ... 

your tuesday briefing : paris aftermath , pfizer deal , new england patriots 
check out this roundup : lots to choose from 
your paris aftermath , pfizer deal , new england patriots 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

rt kobani , syria , is trying now to overcome the deep scars of war and rebuild 
' town of kobani , scarred by isis , strives to rebuild ' : 
story today by from kobani , syria 
town of scarred by strives to rebuild 
rt “ destruction comes quickly , but building takes time . ” + from kobani https … 
town of scarred by isis , strives to rebuild 
town of kobani , scarred by isil , strives to rebuild 
meanwhile , has a good story from kobani , liberated from isis by the kurds — whom turkey is attacking . 
rt reconstructing kobani : the early grades now use new kurdish textbooks instead of the syrian govt’s arabic curriculum https :/ … 
nytimesworld : rt tylerhicksphoto : story today by nytben from kobani , syria 
rt syrian town of kobani , which managed to expel isis with kurdish help , is trying to rebuild itself . heart-warming https://… 
reclaimed kobani illustrates the high cost of defeating isis 

carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
" ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to presid … 
carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president via 
ben ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
first draft : ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to ... 
first draft : ben carson's ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
the 1st doc quoted is my doc and what he says is part of why i respect him so greatly . 
first draft : ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transiti ... unete a 
first draft : carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition ... 
news " ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition … 
first draft : carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed … 
" carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president " … 
" carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president " by steve eder and pam b … 

calling state's action politically motivated , sues over funding for clinics 
planned parenthood sues texas in dispute over funding for clinics . 
the inevitable result of cutting funds for women’s reproductive health . cc 
what year is this ? 100,000 + texas women attempt self-induced abortions , state tries to cut access even further . 
sues in dispute over funding for clinics 
the group called the action by texas , which has some of the toughest abortion restrictions ... 

miami’s art world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood 
signs of little haiti’s impending transformation are everywhere . 
rt the sets its sights on arts neighborhood 
miami's art world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood 
crux of our music , informs our art , informs our lives . miami’s art world , little haiti 
miami’s world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood 

dear white people , here is an example of decision that is not hard . it is a no-brainer , in fact . wilson's name ... 
at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one 
. profile of wilson’s racist views omits his party affiliation . 
woodrow wilson naming and shaming at princeton - whatever would they would think if they considered craigavon ? 
i am super tempted to read the comment section ... but i know that no good can come of that exploration . 
been learning a lot about president wilson lately . lots of stuff left out of history books . 
his loved " birth of a nation " - just saying : at princeton , woodrow wilson is recast as an intolerant one 
princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one • a bastardly anti-semite " gentleman . " 
wilson , a heralded princeton alum , recast as an intolerant one . let's not forget his praise for birth of a nation 
princeton , which admitted its first black student in the 1940s , reassesses the legacy of president woodrow wilson 
at princeton , addressing a racist legacy and seeking to remove woodrow wilson’s name 
not recast - just the truth finally coming out . woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one 
it's amazing how money can erase bigotry from history , or at least , camouflage it's presence ! 
as & therefore how do you feel seeing this play out w/marginalized in ... 
take off the name of racist woodrow wilson because his image is tarnished and he lacks the good character needed ... 
" at woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as " a on campus . 
renewed efforts among students , faculty , board , and alumni to discuss 
fucken negros suck its always something with u mutts 
so progressive : “ cultural competency training ” & " dedicated housing .... for those interested in black culture " 
democrats have always been racist ! -at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as intolerant racist 
are we also going to get rid of all greco-roman architecture , and the name of every dude and woman who was sexist ? 
'' if the criteria for naming a building for someone was that they’d be perfect , we shouldn’t name buildings '' 
as princeton recasts wilson as unworthy of recognition , who follows ? northwestern ? get out your history books . 
erasing history , or acknowledging racial realities ? 
we won't bring up woodrow wilson's south africa connections , right 
" ... wilson as president rolled back gains blacks had made since reconstruction , removing black officials from the ... 
rt '' if the criteria for naming a building for someone was that they’d be perfect , we shouldn’t name buildings '' … 
" up to this point , history had never been anything more than the history of power as told by power itself . " -mf 
at princeton , woodrow wilson is recast direct action gets the goods 
princeton students seek removal of woodrow wilson’s name , acknowledgment of his racist legacy : 
woodrow wilson , the racist president ? princeton takes a second look at a heralded alum 
the black justice league , a student group at princeton , sheds light on the racism of the u's alum woodrow wilson 

the proposed merger between and allergan has helped drive merger activity to a record for 2015 . worldwide 
how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks 
how the $pfe-$agn deal ranks by equity value , no . 3 behind vodafone-mannesmann and aol-time warner , says 
actually , $4.1 t in 2007 = $4.7 t today , so m&a in 2015 has not eclipsed 2007 
additional ?! er , primary . " for pfizer there was an additional motivation , lowering its tax rate by moving to dublin " 
the deal between pfizer-allergan biggest in history between pharmaceutical companies ..... 
rt $155 billion of pfizer and allergan is the largest of all time 
$155 billion of and is the largest of all time 
with an equity value of $152 billion , the merger is the largest since the heady days of 2000 . 

finding cheap and more on 
finding cheap flights and other deals on black friday 
finding cheap flights and more on 
finding cheap flights on black friday 
just posted their tips for travel deals 
you guys : take advantage of deals , book airline at deep discounts 
cyber monday cyber monday cyber monday cyber monday morganscybercom eurailcyber 
what the holidays mean for ( via 
rt finding cheap flights and more on 
black friday isn’t just for holiday shopping – you can also score cheap flights ! don’t miss the opportunity ! 
sojern in the 
. quotes on last year's cyber monday flight booking trends & what to expect this year . 
details : big discounts on rooms booked on 11/30 for stays between 12/11-3/31 ! more info : 
the only shopping i'll be doing : where to get the travel deals 
turismo : finding cheap flights 
is about too ! check out this preview and after all that ! 
a3 : look for further than ( details on some good ones via 
the event : finding cheap abstract entities and more on black abstract entity 
finding cheap flights & more on via cc 
we can all use a good bargain ... 

" donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals " 
" just don't do it " trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals 
trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals viewers in iowa . 
donald trump's hosting of ' s . n . l . ' means equal airtime for rivals ( 
donald trump's hosting of ' snl ' means equal airtime for rivals - new york times 
ben carson : " i don’t know if , on the basis of that , you can say all muslims are bad people ” what ?! 
trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime 4 rivals how about equal time 4 latinos , muslims , blacks ?!! 
george pataki , et al . bravely fight for equal airtime with donald trump on saturday night live 
first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for … 
rt wow . trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals . 
( first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for riv ... ( shaquille ) 

a player concussed , and a policy questioned 
end football would be funny if it weren't deadly 
football : policy questioned -- observers are wondering whether the nfl's system to handle concussions is working . 
when will football fans realize that they are increasingly becoming like spectators at a roman coliseum who enjoy ... 
observers are wondering whether the n . f . l . ’ s system to handle concussions is working as designed after the rams’… 
( lack of ) treatment of st louis rams qb suggest protocols are inconsistently applied 
keenum concussion in rams v ravens is a major blow to the nfl . watch for this as evidence in next law suit . bad look . 

