major belgian police operation in brussels district of molenbeek is over , officials confirm 

president is speaking about the paris terror attacks . please follow this livestream for more information : 
sorry air strikes alone won't get rid of all of them . you have to cut out the cancer . 
yes , you keep bombing while the innocent suffer the back lash 
how is that going to help ?! someone enlighten me ... 
' air strikes ' you mean strikes where you don't actually have complete control over who it hits ? 
go get them 
how ironic is it that the plague of isis is being addressed by world leaders in ... turkey 
were " sickening setback " but us " intensifying air strikes " against is - obama 
live now from turkey g20 
not entirely clear on how intensifying violence in response to violence will beget peace . 
obviously that's what u do , because airstrikes have always worked ! 
' us stop firing blanks .. ' out there , you mean . [ thank you , 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : were " sickening setback " but us " intensifying air … 
isis using american hummers/ using guns organized by the then been branded the enemy , why so many games 
when will your country stop terrorising the entire world ? 

would europe fall silent to remember victims of the other we'd better be united facing that evil 
and where is this silent for syria ? you know they just bombed it with " love " 
if we stopped 1 min every time terrorism struck , not just europe , we'd have plenty time to think long & hard ! 
so they show up at a meeting place where cameras and media are waiting , then do this ? 
god bless 
we stand for france tomiho drivesuscrazy 
europe falls silent for one minute to remember victims of the 
may god rest their soul in peace ... 🗼😪 
don't forget ... 
wfha observed the minute silence in respect to the paris victims . 
our thoughts are with the victims and families of the heartbreaking 
of course you'd have the idiot with the phone filming because you can't just let a moment be a moment these days . 
rip of course . but what about victims of terror in the middle east ? not 10 seconds even ? 
bbcbreaking " europe falls silent for one minute to remember victims of the … 
proud to be european . solidarity is powerful . 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : europe falls silent for one minute to remember victims of the 
there's plenty of countries in europe that weren't doing the one minute silence so let's not say ' europe ' 
the most powerful thing anyone can do . 
great now where is your minutes of silences for the people who are killed everyday by radical extremists ? 
bruh , put your phone away during a minutes silence . there's few things that need to be recorded for posterity . 
moment of silence held across europe for victims of paris terror attacks . 

" france is at war " , french president tells rare meeting of houses of parliament , versailles 
rt france will intensify operations in syria , where were " decided and planned " , french president says … 
rt 19 nationalities among dead in & many under 30 years old - french president https://… 
paris attacks : french president hollande addresses congress - bbc news 
french president francois hollande addresses congress in versailles following attacks in paris on friday . 

two cleared of coventry mother nicola payne's 1991 murder 
two cleared of nicola payne murder 
uk news : two cleared of nicola payne murder - two men are cleared of murdering mother nicola payne , 18 , whose b ... 
uk : two cleared of nicola payne murder : two men are cleared of murdering mother nicola payne , 18 , whose ... ( bbc ) 
two cleared of nicola payne murder : two men are cleared of murdering mother nicola payne , 18 , ... via 
two men are cleared of murdering mother nicola payne , 18 , whose body was never found after she disappe ... uk 
two men cleared of murdering 18-year-old coventry mother nicola payne in december 1991 
two men are cleared of murdering mother nicola payne , 18 , whose body was never found after she disappeared nearly 24 years ago . 

one minute silence observed at midday across europe ( 11.00 gmt ) live coverage 

french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament 
rt french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament https :/ … 

19 nationalities among dead in & many under 30 years old - french president 

manhunt for salah abdeslam and accomplices 
rt french police hunt ' dangerous ' suspect /bbc 
here is a link backing it that up . have a lovely day 
rt huge manhunt under way for surviving members of islamist group - and their accomplices 
man named abdeslam salah sought in connection with paris attacks 
manhunt for paris attacker - 
rt bbc news - paris attacks : police seek ' dangerous ' abdeslam salah 
top story : paris attacks : manhunt launched for possible suspect - bbc news see more 
manhunt launched for paris attacker 
headline : paris attacks : manhunt launched for possible suspect - bbc news see more 
abdelhamid abaaoud identified as " alleged mastermind " of 
rt morning all is in paris for us where a manhunt for is underway http … 
this man is ' public enemy ' number 1 - if you know where he is or have seen him - inform your local police !!! 
paris attacks : police seek ' dangerous ' salah abdeslam - bbc news 
manhunt for paris attacks suspects 
french pm manuel valls says authorities believe new terror attacks being planned in france & european countries 
a huge manhunt is under way for surviving members and accomplices of the islamist group that killed 129 people in paris on friday night . 

bbcbreaking : " france is at war " , french president tells rare meeting of houses of parliament , versai ... 
fuck isis 
this is a lot like post 9/11 rhetoric ......... did we not learn anything 
president called for a u.n. security council meeting . 
war on terror 
because the good response to death is more death . obviously . 
rt we average person need peace ! 
damn ... is this how it'll start ? 
shit ! 
and here is the difference in leadership 
france at war ... 👎⚠🆘😤 
3rd time since 1848 that a french president gathers both houses of parliament . this is serious ! 
some degree of irony here . 
hasn't it planned ? france wants to attacks syria , but they should have the ' reason ' to do it that make world agree 
looks like france have pretty much declared war ! 
dark days ahead ... 
so it begins 
meanwhile , back in the us ..... 
aw fuck i think france has declared war ... this isn't going to end well ... 
we support you 
well , here we go ........... 
go hollande go ... go wash your sins in blood . 
meanwhile some real speech on the crisis as opposed to hearing obama's silly dither . 
we are now seeing world war three god help us 
we are all at war with terrorism , or we will be victims . 
updates : 
" eye for an eye " ? 
eerily reminds me of chamberlain's speech to britain about going to war with germany . please , not ww3 . 😢 
yikes . bold rhetoric . 
fucking terrorists . 
different tenor in obama's and hollande's statements ? 
some moral clarity here ... from the french president 
" france is at war " , french president tells rare meeting of houses of parliament , versailles 

paris attacks \'planned from syria\' 
paris attacks : many arrested in raids across france 
paris attacks ' planned from the stronghold in syria of the > islamic state group > … 
23 across after 150 police raids and 2 arrests in 
multiple arrests in raids across france 
bbc " top stories " multiple arrests in raids across france : a total of 23 people have been arres ... 
multiple arrests in raids across france : a total of 23 people have been arrested and weapons seized in a ... 
check the bullet point under the vt . 
23 people arrested in raids across france , weapons seized - 
arrests arrest the globalist bankers for demanding open borders ! 
arrests why are governments complicit in attacks via open borders still in office ? 
bbc news uk multiple arrests in raids across france : a total of 23 people have been arrested and weapons seize ... 
many arrested in raids across - bbc news - 
23 arrested & dozens of weapons seized in raids on suspected islamist militants across france , officials say 
a total of 23 arrests made & dozens of weapons seized following the horrific attacks in paris at the weekend . 
23 people arrested in connection with suggestion that the attacks were organised from syria . 
paris attacks : dear pls don't refer to them as islamists ! they have no connection 2 the religion 
police have carried out raids in the molenbeek district of brussels following paris attacks 
it's a start , but surely the tip of a very large iceberg . 
a total of 23 ppl have been arrested & dozens of weapons seized in a series of raids on suspected islamist militants 
23 arrested and dozens of weapons seized in multiple raids across france following 
23 people arrested and dozens of weapons seized in a series of raids on suspected islamist across france , 
mohammed abdeslam , brother of bataclan attacker brahim and key suspect salah , released without charge , lawyer says 
a total of 23 people have been arrested and weapons seized in a series of raids targeting islamist militants across france , officials say , following friday's attacks in paris . 

leaders united against terror - cameron ... 
bbc news - world leaders united against terrorism , says cameron 
uk security services funding boosted after paris attacks 
paris attacks : world leaders united against terrorism , says cameron 
rt cut off terror funding says cameron will explore drug prohibition's role in fina … 
world leaders united against terrorism , cameron . so the west will stop dancing to the islamists tunes ?? 
bbc news - paris attacks : world leaders united against terrorism , says cameron 
paris attacks : world leaders united against terrorism , says cameron - bbc news 
leaders united against " cut off terror funding " you mean stop funding your proxy terror army ? 
don't try to blame for you facilitated via proxy wars and open borders ! 
paris attacks : world leaders united against terrorism , cameron time 4 uk action in syria ? 
rt cameron prepared to compromise with russia 
pm prepared for russian compromise 
world leaders united against terrorism , says david cameron 
rt world leaders aim to cut isis funding as suggested by corbyn . also cutting off weapons & oil sal … 
paris attacks : leaders united against terrorism , says cameron - bbc news 
rt world leaders agree cut off funding for terror- does this mean they'll stop arming groups to topple their enemies ? … 
rt ' terror funding to be cut off ' says cameron at the g20 summit 
rt paris attacks : terror funding to be cut off , says cameron . cameron taking a lesson from putin in leadership skills https : … 
rt bbc news - paris attacks : british public must ' show resolve ' 
world leaders united against terrorism , says better start with some ' 
paris attacks : terror funding to be cut off , - cameron so basically fuck the beruit isis bombing that killed 53 . 
world leaders aim to cut isis funding as suggested by corbyn . also cutting off weapons & oil sales - hopefully next . 
paris attacks : british public must ' show resolve ' - bbc news 
paris attacks : terror funding to be cut off , says cameron - shouldnt this have been done already ? 
it almost like they can do it easily because they know exactly where the funding is coming from . 
british security services prevented attack in the uk last month - taking it to seven this year , number 10 says 
david cameron says world leaders have agreed " important steps " to share intelligence and cut off funding for terror groups , as a minute's silence is held for paris-attack victims . 

french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament 
rt were " sickening setback " but us " intensifying air strikes " against is - obama https … 
rt 2 people charged with terrorism in belgium after arrests over prosecutors say 
rt french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament https :/ … 
rt major belgian police operation in brussels district of molenbeek is over , officials confirm https : … 
rt latest from molenbeek , belgium , where police operation is under way … 
rt 2 people charged with terrorism after raids over paris attacks , say prosecutors in belgium - … 
belgian prosecutors say five of seven suspects arrested at the weekend have been released 

scary , scary stuff ! 
+ utopian dreamers must hang your heads in shame over 
latest from molenbeek , belgium , where police operation is under way 
look 
major police raise underway in 
how do you cenk uygur could possibly spin this story ? 
good one 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : latest from molenbeek , belgium , where police operation is under … 
contrast this with our local follow up 
just luck at the uproar these radicals are causing in our beautiful world 
my old hood ... how nice to see they are finally cleaning up the sewers . 

french president due to address both houses of parliament in versailles . watch live : 
rt bbcbreaking : french president due to address both houses of parliament in versailles . watch live : … 
wikileaks : " rt bbcbreaking : french president due to address both houses of parliament in v … " 
french president due to address both houses of parliament in versailles . watch live : via … 

