rt russia's president putin agrees to suspend russian flights to egypt amid fears bomb brought down plane in sinai … 
russia suspends egypt flights - 
plane crash : russia suspends all flights to egypt 
rt last night russia bitterly criticized uk for suspending egyptian flights , a few hours later they do exactly the same http … 
russia \'should suspend egypt flights\' 
rt suspends all flights to favourite tourist destination 
homosexuality is a plague in islamic countries . fears bomb brought down plane in sinai 
rt russia now suspends egypt flights . putin thinks it was a bomb 
russian involvement is more and more a distraction from fighting isis . 
suspends flights - 

cookies on the bbc website - bbc sport 
wada report into russian doping & david moyes sacking 
russia ' should be suspended ' from athletics competitions - stunning & sad finding from wada . follow the latest : 
the latest : wada suspects russia of using obscure # # # - grand river sachem good charlotte 👱😂 
wada doping commission says iaaf should suspend russia from competition - stltoday david moyes 👽 😚 
sportsday - rolling football news 
say what ? 
rocky iv exposed this years ago . 
anti-doping agency urges suspension of russia from athletics competition , in report on corruption in russian sport 
oh my , vladi-boy is not going to be pleased ... 
independent commission & world anti-doping agency deliver damning report on russia . follow the latest here : 
leeds to play cowboys at headingley - bring this match to london & let the capital see more of magic 

good place to start . sure there are more federations with the same " issues " 
lol open your eyes it ant just the russia and it ant just athletes , it going on in tennis , and other sports 
what about east berlin some years ago ? what about that and their participation ? χαχαhow rigged is that against russia ? 
can’t see why the would now - i believe it’s been going on for decades 
russia's doping and steroid problem is so heinous the world ( iaaf ) may kick them out of rio 2016 . 
stop all sports now and start over , ( korffball the best there is)there aint no sport anymore , just money count ( fifa) ! 
wada chairman : hope russia will tackle problem that has " potential to destroy sport " 
russia , cheating ? i'm shocked , shocked i tell you . 
who says the cold war ever ended ? wash/rinse/repeat . 
in the cold war olympics and sport was non-lethal waging of war now the regulators and lawyers are finding a new way 
drugs - there are no short cuts . just do it natural !!! 
lord coe , iaaf president notes these were " dark days for the sport " . and issues emerge . 
i hope they succeed in the destruction 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : wada chairman : hope russia will tackle problem that has " potent … 
what are they distracting us from ? 

breaking : west ham united and chelsea fined by fa for misconduct more follows : 
rt . statement announcing suspension of accreditation for moscow's anti-doping lab … 
world anti-doping agency suspends accreditation of moscow's anti-doping lab after alleging " state-sponsored " doping 

rt two-minute silence about to be observed in tribute to war dead … 

australia migrant centre stand-off ends 
this year they could send the ' celebs ' to one of the australians ' camps for migrants , that'd b a larf 
top story : christmas island : migrant centre ' under control ' - bbc news see more 
christmas island : tear gas used to end migrant centre unrest 
rt jobieyoga : may there be peace , not teargas for refugees - christmas island : tear gas u … 
tear gas ends migrant centre stand-off 
christmas island - civil unrest - tear gas used to end migrant centre unrest . 
tear gas used in migrant centre stand-off ... 
no success story ! tear gas used in centre stand-off 
[ news botfeed top story ] christmas island : migrant centre ' under control ' - bbc … see more 
what else expect , use a machine gun ?! off shore processing centres , the best solution . off turkey / greece 
this is what the anzacs died for . wear your with pride 
australia's brutal and illegal asylum system continues to cause violence against those fleeing persecution : 
stand-off between detainees and police at christmas island detention centre has ended , australian authorities say 
australia's immigration minister says police used tear gas to end a major disturbance at a migrant detention centre on christmas island . 

commemorations are taking place at the cenotaph . watch coverage 
remembrance sunday : the cenotaph , 2015 
watching remembrance day 
call us to work 4 u . we can serve you . 

confident of victory 
rt supporters of aung san suu kyi's nld celebrate as party predicts victory … 
what effect will the result have on and in 
rt supporters of aung san suu kyi's nld celebrate as party predicts victory http … 
some hopeful news !! 
myanmar awaits result of landmark poll 
rt initial election results in support democratic change . important there's a peaceful transition of power . … 
change on the horizon ? nld expected to take 70% of the seats 
rt really exciting news coming from nld saying they expect to win 70% of seats ! 

helmut schmidt , who has died , was " outstanding " west german chancellor - 
bbc news - german ex-chancellor helmut schmidt dies at 96 
helmut schmidt dies at 96 - him and willy brandt , when the spd in germany produced world class leaders 
sad to hear that helmut schmidt has died aged 96 . one of the greats of post-war germany 
rt bbc news - german ex-chancellor helmut schmidt dies at 96 , thoughts are with his family , a true political great https://… 
" he is seen as one of the most popular german leaders since wwii " - who writes this stuff ?!?! rip helmut schmidt 
rt rip helmut schmidt , who smoked 78 packs of cigarettes a day and died at 96 
german ex-chancellor schmidt dies at 96 
former west german chancellor helmut schmidt - an architect of the european monetary system - has died aged 96 ... 
german ex-chancellor helmut schmidt dies at 96 - bbc news 
rt helmut schmidt , west german chancellor ( 1974-1982 ) has died , aged 96 https :/ … 
rt one of my heroes , helmut schmidt , he had a good innings at 96 , i shall play a song for him : 
german ex-chancellor helmut schmidt dies at 96 . great chancellor 
german ex-chancellor helmut dies at 96 
helmut schmidt dies at 96 . undoubtedly one of the greatest modern european politicians . 

' letting down ' allies over air strikes 
rt uk chief of defence staff thinks is a great day to demand more war : 
' letting down ' allies over syria 
seems he's a regular politician : 
it's a fact he is being political , and this is more proof of his sticking his nose in : 
so the military is using remembrance day to campaign for more war and against nuclear disarmament . scum . 
rt head of our military right : we're letting down our allies by not bombing isis in syria , where it is run from : … 
rt on a day dedicated to the message of " never again " , the uk's highest military commander calls for more war . … 
uk general nicholas houghton : you follow civilian orders , not the other way around . - 

jordan policeman kills two americans and south african at training centre - bbc news 
jordan policeman shoots dead foreign trainers - 
rt bbc news - jordan policeman kills american and south african trainers 
bbc news - jordan muslim policeman shoots dead foreign trainers 
jordanian police officer shoots and kills two americans , a south african and two jordanians 
rt bbc news - two americans ' shot dead at jordan police training centre ' jordan still needs us instru … 
" jordan policeman " ????? shoots dead us foreign trainers 
bbc news - jordan policeman shoots dead trainers 
there is no reason the usa taxpayers should be funding dod contractors to train palestinian police officers . yet ,... 
why are we training palestinians , they kill israelis ? jordan policeman kills american and south african trainers . 
jordan policeman kills foreign trainers 
rt ok i see they're reporting about it now 
a jordanian policeman opens fire at a police training centre outside amman , killing two americans , a south afr ... 

ex-member of british army's parachute regiment arrested over bloody sunday shootings ; 1st arrest in investigation 
can't find this on the dr ? 
dr covering this story can't find it . 
can't find this story on the dr website ? 
can't find the story of arrested soldier on the dr website 

most shared link : bbc local live : stoke & staffordshire on monday 9 november 20 … see more 
rt great photo max . where/when did you take the pic ? can we use it on the bbc stoke live page … 
great photo max . where/when did you take the pic ? can we use it on the bbc stoke live page many thanks 
staffs news : livebbc local live : stoke & staffordshire - bbc news 

german football chief resigns 
rt president of german football association ( dfb ) resigns over corruption allegations … 
meanwhile in fifa land ... what's the phrase ? a good day to bury bad news ? niersbach quits as head of german fa . 
chief resigns over allegations 
2018 and 2022 world cups allegedly fixed . now the 2006 world cup could find it self in the same group . 
german chief resigns 
the president of the german football association ( dfb ) has resigned over a fifa payment that has resulted in a ... 
i aways tell my friends that corruption is not in a poor person agenda . africans are taught to be corrupt by ... 
wolfgang niersbach persuaded joachim low to stay on as germany's head coach until the 2018 ... - 

. statement announcing suspension of accreditation for moscow's anti-doping lab 
. wada_ama statement announcing suspension of accreditation for moscow's anti-doping lab 
rt bbcbreaking : . wada_ama statement announcing suspension of accreditation for moscow's an … 

helmut schmidt , who has died , was " outstanding " west german chancellor - 

rt interpol will coordinate global investigation into doping allegations in athletics . 
to c o-o rdinate probe 
interpol to c o-o rdinate doping probe 
top story : athletics doping : interpol to c o-o rdinate probe - bbc news see more 
world police body interpol says it will coordinate a french-led global investigation into doping allegations … 
- " the world police body is now working with member countries potentially linked to the inquiry , including singapore 
rt interpol to c o-o rdinate french-led global probe into doping allegations involving sports officials and athletes https :/ … 

david cameron warns he rules " nothing out " if no agreement on eu reforms reached : 
rt david cameron sets out plans to restrict eu migrants ' access to benefits in … 
rt cameron : we need a british model of membership ... associate membership on its way ... see 9.40 
top story : david cameron sets out uk's eu renegotiation demands - bbc news see more 
top story : mindcasters david cameron sets out uk's eu renegotiation demands - b … see more 
most shared link : david cameron sets out uk's eu renegotiation demands - bbc ne … see more 
don't know why you pulled the " legally binding " quote , it was genuine , from 
live now : europe minister david lidington delivering statement and taking questions from mps over eu renegotiation : 
rt david cameron warns he rules " nothing out " if no agreement on eu reforms reached … 
rt david cameron outlines demands for eu renegotiation at 
rt watch for the " soft sell " : the " british model of membership " . unnoticed by most of the hacks ... see 9.40 ... https://… 
rt live now in video + text commentary - with reaction to follow . david cameron's eu speech : https://… 
headlines : david cameron sets out uk's eu renegotiation demands - bbc news see more 
anonymous t1m35 : david cameron sets out uk's eu renegotiation demands - bbc ne … see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; david cameron sets out uk's eu renegotiation … see more 
this is about cameron securing the claws of the secret trade protocals 
top story : info & news david cameron sets out uk's eu renegotiation demands - b … see more 
cameron sets out eu demands 
top story : news david cameron sets out uk's eu renegotiation demands - b … see more 
top david cameron sets out uk's eu renegotiation demands - bbc news see more 
yewwnews top story david cameron sets out uk's eu renegotiation demands - bbc n … see more 
rt david cameron sets out uk's eu renegotiation demands this morning . follow his speech & reaction in video and text - https : … 
rt there are " two types of member " says cameron : non-eurozone needs safeguards . enter associate membership ... see 9.40 ht … 
uk pm david cameron says there will be no second referendum on eu membership as he outlines renegotiation demands 

us university chief quits in race row - 
tim wolfe : us uni chief quit in race row " our vice chancellors resign ? 
tim wolfe : us university of chief quits in race row 
university of missouri president tim wolfe resigns amid criticism of his handling of racial issues . 

prime minister in bihar election setback 
india pm suffers bihar election setback 
india pm narendra modi & bjp in bihar election setback 
indian pm modi admits defeat for his governing bjp in a key regional election in the eastern state of bihar 
india pm narendra modi in bihar election setback - illiterate people voted for jungle raj 
bbc news - india pm narendra modi in bihar election setback 
india pm admits bihar state defeat - 
bbc rewriting rules of politics in a democracy . they don't even know its parties who win or lose , not pms . shame ! 
india pm suffers election setback - 
prime minister in election setback 
( not convinced modi's defeat in bihar will lead to a rolling back of hardline hindu agenda ) bjp loses state election 
the indian prime minister modi has admitted defeat for his governing bjp in a key regional election in bihar state , 
india pm modi suffers election setback 
correction : bihar is northeast of india , not northwest 
top story : india prime minster in bihar election setback - bbc news see more 
[ news botfeed top story ] india prime minster in bihar election setback - bbc ne … see more 
hacksperger's top story : india prime minster in bihar election setback - bbc ne … see more 
top india prime minster in bihar election setback - bbc news see more 

rt london 2012 olympics " sabotaged " by " inaction " against russian athletes with suspicious doping profiles - wada … 
2012 " sabotaged " by " inaction " against athletes with suspicious doping profiles ; 
athletics doping 
rt world anti-doping agency finds london 2012 olympics ' sabotaged ' by ' inaction ' against russian athletes with suspic … https … 
i think i now understand what it's like to be a fan of cycling 
" we have to make sure clean athletes know that we are in their corner " - 
london 2012 olympics sabotaged by inaction against russian doping athletes : destruction of more than 1400 samples 

maldives state of emergency lifted 
rt maldives state of emergency lifted 
maldives lifts state of emergency early . 
the maldives lifts its state of emergency early after " important progress " is made in ... 
bbc news - state of emergency lifted early 

wada commission wants russia ban . 
rt athletics : world anti-doping agency report recommends ban . bbc http … 
rt wada chairman : hope russia will tackle problem that has " potential to destroy sport " … 
a sad day for as russia faces ban from commission 
we'll be talking about the wada report on drugs on after 9 
rt bbc sport - athletics doping : wada commission recommends russia suspension 
russian anti-doping practices called into question amidst what is described as " a different scale of corruption . " 
bbc sport - athletics doping : commission wants ban 
our main story - athletics doping : world anti-doping agency commission wants russia ban 
rt this is incredible . to ban from the track and field in the olympics what will lord coe do . 
athletics doping : wada commission wants ban 
putin cheats again , this time in sports 
bbc co uk sport athletics 34765444 

nigeria's corruption agency found wanting by 
nigeria president buhari fires anti-corruption chief - 
lamorde takes his turn at the chopping block 
nigeria's anti-corruption chief fired 
no reason given for dismissal , however the $5 billion is still missing ... 
top story : from nigeria president buhari fires anti-corr … see more 
president buhari fires anti-corruption chief ; ' $5bn ( £3.3 bn ) had gone missing ' 
president fires anti- chief 
nigerian anti-corruption chief fired - i suspect he was too honest for the comfort of the corrupt president 
rt this is africa - nigeria's anti-corruption chief is fired via bbc 
nigerian president muhammadu buhari has sacked the head of the country's anti-corruption agency . - 

