most shared link : bbc local live : stoke & staffordshire on monday 9 november 20 … see more 
rt great photo max . where/when did you take the pic ? can we use it on the bbc stoke live page … 
great photo max . where/when did you take the pic ? can we use it on the bbc stoke live page many thanks 
staffs news : livebbc local live : stoke & staffordshire - bbc news 
uk theme park alton towers announces it may cut 190 jobs after " a very difficult year " 

rt russia's president putin agrees to suspend russian flights to egypt amid fears bomb brought down plane in sinai … 
russia suspends egypt flights - 
plane crash : russia suspends all flights to egypt 
rt last night russia bitterly criticized uk for suspending egyptian flights , a few hours later they do exactly the same http … 
russia \'should suspend egypt flights\' 
rt suspends all flights to favourite tourist destination 
homosexuality is a plague in islamic countries . fears bomb brought down plane in sinai 
rt russia now suspends egypt flights . putin thinks it was a bomb 
russian involvement is more and more a distraction from fighting isis . 
suspends flights - 
technical fault ruled out as cause of russia plane crash , french aviation officials close to investigation tell bbc 
russia orders the suspension of all flights to egypt following indications that the crash near sharm el-sheikh was caused by a bomb . 

india pm suffers bihar election setback 
prime minister in bihar election setback 
india pm narendra modi & bjp in bihar election setback 
indian pm modi admits defeat for his governing bjp in a key regional election in the eastern state of bihar 
india pm narendra modi in bihar election setback - illiterate people voted for jungle raj 
bbc news - india pm narendra modi in bihar election setback 
india pm admits bihar state defeat - 
bbc rewriting rules of politics in a democracy . they don't even know its parties who win or lose , not pms . shame ! 
india pm suffers election setback - 
prime minister in election setback 
( not convinced modi's defeat in bihar will lead to a rolling back of hardline hindu agenda ) bjp loses state election 
the indian prime minister modi has admitted defeat for his governing bjp in a key regional election in bihar state , 
india pm modi suffers election setback 
correction : bihar is northeast of india , not northwest 
top story : india prime minster in bihar election setback - bbc news see more 
[ news botfeed top story ] india prime minster in bihar election setback - bbc ne … see more 
hacksperger's top story : india prime minster in bihar election setback - bbc ne … see more 
top india prime minster in bihar election setback - bbc news see more 
indian pm modi admits defeat in key regional election in bihar state 
india pm narendra modi in bihar election setback - bbc news 
indian prime minister narendra modi admits defeat in a key regional election in bihar state , in a blow for his reform programme . 

two-minute silence about to be observed in tribute to war dead 

wada report into russian doping & david moyes sacking 
russia ' should be suspended ' from athletics competitions - stunning & sad finding from wada . follow the latest : 
the latest : wada suspects russia of using obscure # # # - grand river sachem good charlotte 👱😂 
wada doping commission says iaaf should suspend russia from competition - stltoday david moyes 👽 😚 
sportsday - rolling football news 
cookies on the bbc website - bbc sport 
togovern : cookies on the bbc website - bbc sport : bbc sportcookies on the bbc websitebbc sport " our ath ... 
say what ? 
rocky iv exposed this years ago . 
anti-doping agency urges suspension of russia from athletics competition , in report on corruption in russian sport 
oh my , vladi-boy is not going to be pleased ... 
independent commission & world anti-doping agency deliver damning report on russia . follow the latest here : 
leeds to play cowboys at headingley - bring this match to london & let the capital see more of magic 
world anti-doping agency commission report recommends the iaaf should suspend russia from competition 

rt interpol will coordinate global investigation into doping allegations in athletics . 
to c o-o rdinate probe 
interpol to c o-o rdinate doping probe 
world police body interpol says it will coordinate a french-led global investigation into doping allegations … 
- " the world police body is now working with member countries potentially linked to the inquiry , including singapore 
interpol to c o-o rdinate french-led global probe into doping allegations involving sports officials and athletes 
world police body interpol says it will coordinate a french-led global investigation into doping allegations involving athletes and officials . 

commemorations are taking place at the cenotaph . watch coverage 
remembrance sunday : the cenotaph , 2015 
watching remembrance day 
call us to work 4 u . we can serve you . 
rt bbc1 " remembrance sunday : the cenotaph ... always emotional 
two-minute silence about to be observed in tribute to war dead 

london 2012 olympics " sabotaged " by " inaction " against russian athletes with suspicious doping profiles - wada 
world anti-doping agency finds london 2012 olympics ' sabotaged ' by ' inaction ' against russian athl ... 
athletics doping & corruption report to be published 
i think i now understand what it's like to be a fan of cycling 
" we have to make sure clean athletes know that we are in their corner " - 
london 2012 olympics sabotaged by inaction against russian doping athletes : destruction of more than 1400 samples 
rt world anti-doping agency finds london 2012 olympics ' sabotaged ' by ' inaction ' against russian a ... htt … 

us university chief quits in race row - 
tim wolfe : us university of chief quits in race row 
university of missouri president tim wolfe resigns amid criticism of his handling of racial issues . 
university of missouri president resigns amid criticism of handling of racial issues 

good place to start . sure there are more federations with the same " issues " 
lol open your eyes it ant just the russia and it ant just athletes , it going on in tennis , and other sports 
what about east berlin some years ago ? what about that and their participation ? χαχαhow rigged is that against russia ? 
can’t see why the would now - i believe it’s been going on for decades 
russia's doping and steroid problem is so heinous the world ( iaaf ) may kick them out of rio 2016 . 
stop all sports now and start over , ( korffball the best there is)there aint no sport anymore , just money count ( fifa) ! 
wada chairman : hope russia will tackle problem that has " potential to destroy sport " 
russia , cheating ? i'm shocked , shocked i tell you . 
who says the cold war ever ended ? wash/rinse/repeat . 
in the cold war olympics and sport was non-lethal waging of war now the regulators and lawyers are finding a new way 
drugs - there are no short cuts . just do it natural !!! 
lord coe , iaaf president notes these were " dark days for the sport " . and issues emerge . 
i hope they succeed in the destruction 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : wada chairman : hope russia will tackle problem that has " potent … 
what are they distracting us from ? 

rt uk chief of defence staff thinks is a great day to demand more war : 
' letting down ' allies over air strikes 
' letting down ' allies over syria 
seems he's a regular politician : 
it's a fact he is being political , and this is more proof of his sticking his nose in : 
so the military is using remembrance day to campaign for more war and against nuclear disarmament . scum . 
rt head of our military right : we're letting down our allies by not bombing isis in syria , where it is run from : … 
rt on a day dedicated to the message of " never again " , the uk's highest military commander calls for more war . … 
uk general nicholas houghton : you follow civilian orders , not the other way around . - 
uk " letting down " allies by not taking part in air strikes on is in syria - chief of defence staff sir nick houghton 
the uk is " letting down " its allies by failing to launch air strikes against terror group islamic state in syria , britain's top military commander says . 

wada commission wants russia ban 
commission wants ban 
rt wada chairman : hope russia will tackle problem that has " potential to destroy sport " … 
putin cheats again , this time in sports 
bbc news : wada commission wants russia ban 
bbc co uk sport athletics 34765444 
sport - athletics : wada commission wants russia ban yes and so they should . cheats = losers . big time . 
bad news . cycling has been trying to clean up for a while ; time for everyone else to change 
seb blatter ? 
so they just " discovered " the use and cover up of banned substances in russia ? the ussr , anyone ? - 
i wonder if the athletics doping ban story would be headline 10oclock news if it was china instead of russia . 
serious allegations have led to a report confirming wadas pledge for russia to be banned from athletics comps 
see russia . read china . read others . a sad , sad day for world athletics and sport in general . 
coe sidesteps a key question : 8 years as co-senior vicepresident . he knew nothing ? the cover-up must run deep in monaco 
state sanctioned mass doping will lead to ban from athletics & olympics 
it says a lot when a sport story needs a section explaining which doping scandal it is . 
russia should be banned from athletics competition , a world anti-doping agency commission report has recommended . 
this is incredible . to ban from the track and field in the olympics what will lord coe do . 
london 2012 was " sabotaged " by " widespread inaction " against athletes with suspicious doping profiles . 
another failure in sport governance 
iaaf president seeking " urgent approval " from members to consider sanctions against russian athletics federation 

lamorde takes his turn at the chopping block 
nigeria president buhari fires anti-corruption chief - 
nigeria's anti-corruption chief fired 
no reason given for dismissal , however the $5 billion is still missing ... 
top story : from nigeria president buhari fires anti-corr … see more 
president buhari fires anti-corruption chief ; ' $5bn ( £3.3 bn ) had gone missing ' 
president fires anti- chief 
nigerian anti-corruption chief fired - i suspect he was too honest for the comfort of the corrupt president 
nigeria's anti-corruption chief is fired 
nigerian president muhammadu buhari has sacked the head of the country's anti-corruption agency . - 
rt nigeria's anti-corruption chief is fired 
nigerian president sacks head of anti-corruption agency ibrahim lamorde without giving reason 
nigerian president muhammadu buhari sacks the head of the anti-corruption agency , ibrahim lamorde , but gives no reason for his removal . 

confident of victory 
rt supporters of aung san suu kyi's nld celebrate as party predicts victory … 
some hopeful news !! 
myanmar awaits result of landmark poll 
initial election results in support democratic change . important there's a peaceful transition of power . 
change on the horizon ? nld expected to take 70% of the seats 
really exciting news coming from nld saying they expect to win 70% of seats ! 
cardinal charles maung bo of yangon : " to go to the voting booth is a pilgrimage of hope . " 
avidly watching results of election and thinking of friends there to experience a likely victory 
national league for democracy in expect to win 70% of votes . rest held by usdp ( military - some rigging ) 
rt supporters of aung san suu kyi's nld celebrate as party predicts victory http … 
" ms suu kyi has said she would be " above the president " - bit arrogant * cue david brent style eye roll * 
patient and quietly confident - tenatious suu kyi awaits election results 
a good day 
aung san suu kyi's nld party wins first 12 parliament seats declared in poll , myanmar's election commission says 

jordan policeman shoots dead foreign trainers - 
bbc news - jordan policeman shoots dead trainers 
there is no reason the usa taxpayers should be funding dod contractors to train palestinian police officers . yet ,... 
why are we training palestinians , they kill israelis ? jordan policeman kills american and south african trainers . 
jordan policeman kills foreign trainers 
rt ok i see they're reporting about it now 
a jordanian policeman opens fire at a police training centre outside amman , killing two americans , a south afr ... 
two us security personnel shot dead at police training centre in amman , jordanian security sources say 

rt president of german football association ( dfb ) resigns over corruption allegations … 
german football chief resigns 
meanwhile in fifa land ... what's the phrase ? a good day to bury bad news ? niersbach quits as head of german fa . 
the president of the german football association ( dfb ) has resigned over a fifa payment that has resulted in a ... 
german chief resigns 
i aways tell my friends that corruption is not in a poor person agenda . africans are taught to be corrupt by ... 
chief resigns over allegations 
wolfgang niersbach persuaded joachim low to stay on as germany's head coach ... 
how can you not put an asterisk next to every wc in last 10 years ? 
the fifagate stills rolling on . 
the president of the german football federation ( dfb ) resigns over claims surrounding a payment to fifa . 
president of german football federation resigns over tax evasion claims surrounding €6.7 m payment to fifa 

