' sabotaged ' by doping 
bbc news - athletics doping dominates newspaper headlines 
' sabotaged ' by doping : the world anti-doping agency report into the alleged state-sponsore ... ( via 
the world anti-doping agency report into the alleged state-sponsored drug use , cover-ups and extortion in russ ... 
athletics doping dominates newspaper headlines - bbc news 

flood defence plan seeks support 
flood defence plan seeks support : councillors are asked to back a scheme designed to tackle long-standing floo ... 
flood protection decision sought for whitesands - bbc news 
councillors are asked to back a scheme designed to tackle long-standing flooding problems in the whi ... 

call for overhaul of child ' fat letters ' 
call for overhaul of child ' fat letters ' : public health experts say the " fat letters " posted ... ff 
public health experts say the " fat letters " posted to parents to tell them if their child is overweight are cr ... 

getting divorced after 60 
why would people wait until their 60s to get divorced ? 
the number of people divorcing in later life has been increasing . what's behind the phenomenon of the " silver splitters " ? 

video : ' our abilities weren't valued ' 
instances of racial discrimination at work are increasing , a report by the charity business in the c ... 

immigration cases delays criticised 
immigration case handling criticised 
home office criticised over delays in immigration cases - bbc news 
the home office is accused by a public-sector watchdog of delays and poor decision-making in its han ... 
bbc news - home office criticised over delays in immigration cases 

tuesday's sun : " sharm bomb scanners are fakes " ( via 
tuesday's sun front page : sharm bomb scanners are fakes 
tuesday's sun : " sharm bomb scanners are fakes " ( via suttonnick ) 
tuesday's sun : bomb scanners are fakes ... 

an increasingly warped sense of humour could be an early warning sign of impending dementia , say experts . 
bbc news - change in sense of humour ' a sign of impending dementia ' 
" laughing inappropriately at tragic events " signals dementia . and reporting tragic events as news for entertainment ? 
change in humour ' can signal dementia ' 
change in humour ' can signal dementia ' : an increasingly warped sense of … thebikinicalendar 
change in humour ' can signal dementia ' : an increasingly warped sense of humour … top story 
change in humour ' can signal dementia ' via bbchealth 
bbchealth : change in humour ' can signal dementia ' ( via twitter 
change in humour ' can signal dementia ' : an increasingly warped sense of humour could be an early w ... 
dtn health : change in humour ' can signal dementia ' : an increasingly warped sense of humour could be an early w ... 
health change in humour ' can signal dementia ' : an increasingly warped sense of humour could be an early warnin ... 
uk news online : change in humour ' can signal dementia ' : an increasingly warped sense of hum ... 
change in sense of humour ' a sign of impending dementia ' - bbc news 
bbc - you have to laugh ffs . or maybe we are not allowed to do that either now . 
bbc news : change in humour ' can signal dementia ' 
an increasingly warped sense of humour could be an early warning sign of impending dementia , say uk experts ., 
[ mednews ] change in humour ' can signal dementia ' 

cuts could close ' four in 10 colleges ' 
4 in 10 colleges could close 
up to four in 10 further education and sixth-form colleges could close if the government presses ahead with spending cuts , says labour . 

tuesday's daily mirror front page : the fraud of the rings 
tuesday's daily mirror : " the fraud of the rings " ( via 
is in state-sponsored : corruption ! political murders ! doping ! terrorism ! 
tuesday's daily mirror : " the fraud of the rings " ( via suttonnick ) 
retweeted bbc news ( uk ) ( tuesday's daily mirror : " the fraud of the rings " 

tuesday's independent : " halfway to climate disaster " ( via 
tuesday's independent front page : halfway to climate disaster 
tuesday's independent : " halfway to climate disaster " ( via suttonnick ) 

statement due on police call-handling 
the justice secretary is to make a statement to parliament following the publication of a report he ... 

pm : eu reform ' not an impossible task ' 
latest : pm : eu reform ' not an impossible task ' : david cameron will say the reforms he is seeking to britain's ... 
david cameron : eu reform is ' not an impossible task ' - 
pm : eu reform ' not an impossible task ' : david cameron will say the reforms he is seeking to britain's eu membe ... 
david cameron will say the reforms he is seeking to britain's eu membership are achievable , as he formally publishes his list of demands later . 

tuesday's daily mail : " nhs boss made you pay for cancelled safari " ( via 
rt tuesday's daily mail front page : nhs boss made you pay for cancelled safari … 
rt tomorrow is day 2 of the public sector rich list - via … 
tuesday's daily mail : " nhs boss made you pay for cancelled safari " ( via suttonnick ) 
public sector snouts deep in taxpayers ' trough 

call for ' direct physio access ' 
call for ' direct physio access ' via 
why patients should be able to book direct 
in this week's scrubbing up , prof karen middleton , chief executive of the chartered society of physiotherapy , says patients should have direct access to an nhs physio . 

