tonight : comes face-to-face with l . a . ' s dead watch 
tonight : lisaling comes face-to-face with l . a . ' s dead watch 
( via ) cnn : tonight : lisaling comes face-to-face with l . a . ' s dead … 
notice : tonight : lisaling comes face-to-face with l . a . ' s dead … 

russian doping scandal : ioc chief thomas bach expects russia ' c o-o peration ' 
cnn : russian doping scandal : ioc chief thomas bach expects russia ' c o-o peration ' 

the baby beibei , takes his first steps . 🐼🐼🐼 ( vine by 
the baby panda , beibei , takes his first steps via 
rt bei bei , the baby panda , takes his first steps 
the nationalzoo's baby panda , beibei , takes his first steps via caseycapachi … 
beibei , the baby panda , takes his first steps 

defense secretary carter fires top military aide 
carter top aide 
defense secretary carter fires top military aide over allegations of misconduct 
rt defense secretary ash carter fires his top military aide via … 
defense secretary ash carter fires his top military aide via barbarastarrcnn … 
defense secretary ashton carter fires top military aide over " allegations of misconduct " 

more than 20 aircraft struck by lasers wednesday night " 
cnn : more than 20 aircraft struck by lasers wednesday night ( via ) 

trump likens carson's ' pathology ' to that of a child molester 
. says the u.s. probably has a " 25 percent unemployment " rate 
i used to like trump ... then he started talking . trump likens carson's ' pathology ' to a child molester 
. " made a fool out of himself " 
. likens " pathology " to a child molester 
i have no words for this except that trump is a colossal jackass . 
video 
trump tries to discredit carson by saying he has a personality of a child molester and a pathological temper . 
likens ' pathology ' to that of a child molester 
womengetpolitic : rt gregjkrieg : trump likens carson's ' pathology ' to that of a child mole … 

when people die in strange ways . 
rt when people die in strange ways 
watching this is life on great doc on la county coroner's office . 
' i'm the person they call when people die ' - 
website excerpts for tonight's 9pm eastern & pacific . 
this will hopefully help shed more light on what medicolegal death investigators do while i continue to make this ... 

police : late baseball pitcher tommy hanson died of apparent overdose 

gen . john allen throws cold water on syria no-fly zone " 
cnn : gen . john allen throws cold water on syria no-fly zone ( via ) 

despite the evidence , says most undocumented immigrants don't pay taxes 
despite evidence , trump says most undocumented immigrants don't pay taxes 
despite the evidence , realdonaldtrump says most undocumented immigrants don't pay taxes … 
. says most undocumented immigrants don't pay taxes -- what does data say ? 

einstein's colossal mistake best explanation of expanding universe i have found 4 middle school yet ! 
thus , the very universe has an eschatological teleology . albert einstein's colossal mistake 
lincoln : albert einstein's colossal mistake . and stuff , deep dark stuff ;-) 
november is month of how his " colossal mistake " has turned out to be a gift to 
the universe's fate 
albert colossal mistake 
they still think that they can figure out how the universe will end ... but they never will .. because when the end ... 
albert einstein was so wrong about this 
not even einstein was perfect 
mistake ? no , but horizon of understanding , yes albert einstein's colossal mistake 
dark energy might disprove the law of conservation of energy ...? what ...? you don't say ...? maybe ...? 
dark energy , cosmo constants , and all that jazz : " albert einstein's colossal mistake " 

. likens " pathology " to that of child molester 

. give social security recipients a ceo-style raise via 

defense secretary ashton carter fires top military aide over " allegations of misconduct " 
cnn : defense secretary ashton carter fires top military aide over " allegations of misconduct " … 
( via ) cnn : defense secretary ashton carter fires top military aide over " allegations of … 
notice : defense secretary ashton carter fires top military aide over " allegati … 

. says most undocumented immigrants don't pay taxes -- what does data say ? 
mixedolnews : rt cnn : . realdonaldtrump says most undocumented immigrants don't pay taxes - … 
gertiser10 : rt cnn : . realdonaldtrump says most undocumented immigrants don't pay taxes -- … 
. realdonaldtrump says most undocumented immigrants don't pay taxes -- what does data say ? 
( via ) cnn : . realdonaldtrump says most undocumented immigrants don't pay taxes -- what do … 
notice : . realdonaldtrump says most undocumented immigrants don't pay taxes -- … 

gen . john allen : the u.s. is " very attentive " to spread beyond syria and iraq 
gen . john allen throws cold water on syria no-fly zone 
gen . john allen : u.s. ' very attentive ' to isis spread beyond syria , iraq 
gen . allen says the kurds are being armed , but it’s going through iraq by design : 
general rules out syria no-fly zone 
gen . allen says u.s. is “ very attentive ” to isis ’ spread beyond syria , iraq : 
cnn politics general john allen interview index 

give social security recipients a ceo-style raise 
sen. elizabeth warren : give social security recipients a ceo-style raise 
i want a warren/sanders ticket to vote for . 
it's time to give recipients a ceo-style raise via 
speak up for seniors . support senator elizabeth warren . 
" but we can make different choices . " thanks senator 
let's see . hit vets & seniors in their pocketbooks makes no cents not much left to take 
i think she has a very grand idea - but ceo's don't rely on the blood-suckers in congress to approve their salaries . 
save - great idea . those at the bottom are the ones hardest hit with inflation at 2% , and currently no raise in ... 
elizabeth warren : a ceo-style hike for social security i love it , go liz 
sen warren wants to give 9 m vets and 62 m other soc sec retirees a raise -- pay 4 it by end ceo pay loophole 
give 71 million americans a ceo-style raise 

rt researchers : 8 million mummified animals -- mostly dogs -- are in catacombs at egypt site … 
girl : i've had sex only once * after several hours * me : epp me 
rt cnn : researchers : 8 million mummified animals -- mostly dogs -- are in catacombs at eg … 

8 million mummified animals , mostly dogs , in catacombs at egypt site 
egypt : dog mummies in catacombs estimated in millions - 

. " i think i'm a nice person " 

rt secret service officer arrested , accused of sending naked pictures to someone he thought was a 14-year-old girl … 
rt obama will be blamed somehow . https://… 
first on cnn : secret service officer arrested in child sex sting 
rt a child sex sting catches a officer 
rt i'd say the secret service has had a bad year . “ secret service officer arrested in child sex sting ” 
oh my goodness you honestly never know 
cnnbrk : secret service officer arrested , accused of sending naked pictures to someone he thought was a 14-year-old … 

americans are buying tons of gold . 
i've found a great way to buy when you want , as much as you want from the comfort of your home . small ... 
americans are buying gold like it's the financial crisis 
what ever happened to market forces ? are things that compare and ?? 
are you buying ? 
are buying tons of - cnnmoney 
americans are buying bars & coins like it's the financial crisis : 
low prices and scary financial markets caused americans to buy gold bars and coins at levels unseen since the financial crisis . 

here's what's in store for next year's smartphones 
cnn : here's what's in store for next year's smartphones 

rt this election is the best 
rt ben carson says he would not abort baby hitler . he may stab him post-birth unless there were belt buckles back then . https :/ … 
i never thought i'd say this but i feel bad for the republican electorate . 
ben carson would not abort baby hitler - 
rt . would not abort baby hitler via 
look at creating for 
shows he's tough , would kill baby responds , he wouldn't abort baby hitler . 
this might be the hottest take i've ever seen in election coverage . courtesy of 
baby hitler stupidity continues ! ben carson would not abort fetus hitler . has hillary been asked this question yet ? 
stabbing him as a teenager is always on the table though . 
wow you won't abort hitler your an idiot 

rt oh joy ! is adding to the holiday cups controversy via 
" oh joy ! is adding to the holiday cups controversy via " stfu 
oh joy ! is adding to the holiday cups controversy via via 

" star wars , " " hunger games " and ... " titanic " ? new theme parks and rides announced in 2015 
cnn : " star wars , " " hunger games " and ... " titanic " ? new theme parks and rides announced in 2015 … 

. visits the la county coroner , where death is business as usual watch 
( via ) cnn : . lisaling visits the la county coroner , where death is business as usual … 

rt ewrmadrid top story : ewrmadrid practice cnngo see more 
top story : practice cnngo see more 
top story : cnngo see more 
top story : with raymond cnngo see more 
with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
top story : info & news cnngo see more 
latest headlines : cnngo see more 
today's hot story at daily news desk : cnngo see more 
. " i think i'm a nice person " 

cnn investigation into massive fraud leads to charges , convictions 
11 charged , 9 convicted so far as a result of our rehab racket investigation with 
this is what happens when investigative journalists listen to the voice of a victim of corrupt govt . thank you 
they couldn't find the plane(s ) , but not that hard to find someone cheating the california govt ... everybodysdoingit# 
here you go .... who's watching these guys . marianne skolek michael andrew de leon tara de rogatis linda the ... 
' rehab racket ' investigation leads to charges - 
i will work my whole life and not make this much money . you mean all i have to is this and get 5 year probation 
cnn us rehab racket charges index 

2016ers take to social media on via 

isis threatens russia in new video 
rt in 5-minute video , isis purportedly says it wil strike at russia " very soon . " 
threatens in new video 
isis : we'll hit russia ' very soon ' 
war escalates isis threatens russia - kremlin this will be scrutinized by our special forces 
aaaand putin will shove a nuke up your ass .... 
niggas r so intense . what the fuck they smoking ? they live to kill and hate . that's it . ok bruh ... 
obama is a genius . rather than fighting isis over here , or over there , how about we just let russia fight isis ? 
purportedly released video & audio statement threatening to attack russia " very soon " 

ntsb : el faro's navigational bridge found , but ' black box ' still missing 
cnn : ntsb : el faro's navigational bridge found , but ' black box ' still missing 
notice : ntsb : el faro's navigational bridge found , but ' black box ' still missi … 

. " made a fool out of himself " in 

absolutely horrible . if parents are fit , why take child away ? blatant sign of lgbtq discrimination 
same sex couple could lose fight over child 
utah judge orders child removed from same-sex foster parents 
utah judge rules lesbians can't foster a child - 
judge orders child removed from same-sex foster parents - cnn 
utah judge removes foster child from gay couple 
so this utah judge demands to give up adopted daughter because " kids in homosexual homes end up worse than hetero ... " 
utah judge orders child removed from lesbian foster parents married & went thru proper legal channels too . 
removing a foster child from a loving family because you disagree with some that is legal ? 

jamie dimon makes his case for keeping big banks big 

first on cnn : secret service officer arrested in child sex sting 
cnn : first on cnn : secret service officer arrested in child sex sting ( via jt7.me… 
( via ) cnn : first on cnn : secret service officer arrested in child sex sting … 

. went to campaign hq , and this was the art on the walls ... 
. erinburnett went to realdonaldtrump campaign hq , and this was the art on the walls ... 
( via ) cnn : . erinburnett went to realdonaldtrump campaign hq , and this was the art on the … 

rt and memorial day are sometimes confused with one another ; here's what to know … 
rt & memorial day r sometimes confused with 1 another ; here's what 2 know 

charles darwin's " on the origin of species " most influential academic book in online vote 
cnn : charles darwin's " on the origin of species " most influential academic book in online vote … 
( via ) cnn : charles darwin's " on the origin of species " most influential academic book in … 

stories of athletes from central african republic who are now refugees , via 
rt stories of athletes from central african republic who are now refugees , via ( 1/2 ) 
stories of athletes from central african republic who are now refugees , via thelistapp 

rt the next missouri ? ithaca college students stage walkout 
bmorebloc : rt cnn : the next missouri ? ithaca college students stage walkout 

historian : trump deportation plan ' absolutely not possible ' 

the next missouri ? ithaca college students stage walkout 
so wonderful and inspiring to see students around the country demanding respect for all students on campus .... 
ithaca college students protest ; is it next missouri ? - 
students walkout 
us history says in this group are future conservative talk show hosts , ceo , peace prize winners , senators , bankers 
racial injustice . try this : 
no confidence in tom rochon 

soooo is there going to be an expendables shooting gallery 
best new theme parks : what's coming in 2016 and beyond ? 

utah judge orders child removed from same-sex foster parents 
“ utah judge orders child removed from same-sex foster parents ” this judge is an idiot ! 
disappointing and sad : utah judge orders child removed from same-sex foster parents 
cnn : utah judge orders child removed from same-sex foster parents 

rt presidential candidates of both parties honor the nation's veterans on 
cnn : presidential candidates of both parties honor the nation's veterans on … 

what's in store for next year's smartphones 
here's what's in store for next year's via 
i think i'll wait until next year for my new phone .... via 
here's what's in store for next year's . info by via 
thinking about buying a new smartphone ? 
here's what's in store for next year's - cnn 
here's what's in store for next year's you had me at longer lasting batteries ! 
smartphones are about to get fast 
next year's smartphones via 

launches first japanese-made passenger 
first japan-made passenger jet in 50 years - 
first japan-made passenger jet launches 

vladimir putin : ' russia must protect its athletes ' 
scandal : chief bach expects russian ' cooperation ' 
" ioc president expects russia to be ' compliant '" 
expects to be ' compliant '" via 

another holiday cup controversy 
like look at this shit ( but notice how dunkin ' doesn't use " christmas " in their statement to 
. praised for its ' joy ' holiday cup . 
oh joy ! another holiday cup controversy 
uh-oh ... could this be the start of another holiday cup controversy ? via 
seriously ? 
what the hell am i reading ? starbucks criticized and dunkin ' doughnuts praised over a cup . seriously ? people are ... 
another holiday cup controversy another make believe paranoid driven war on christmas by the extreme right wing gop ? 
if you get upset about what your coffee cup looks like , you're an idiot . 
reactive differentiates a desperate follower from the ' red ' hot leader . 

hfot home recipient julian torres conquered mt . kilimanjaro yesterday ! story via : 
' the heroes project ' conquers mt . kilimanjaro 
for those of you who generously gave to cycle for heroes . that wonderfully crazy fun night a few months back i ... 
so inspiring ! great video via plum client hyperion media : " can't think of a better veterans day celebration : ... 
congratulations to sgt . julian torres with on topping out kilimanjaro today . next stop south ... 
so inspired on veterans day by a double amputee vet who summits mt . kilimanjaro 
double amputee us marine corps veteran sgt . julian torres summits mount kilimanjaro on 

purportedly released video & audio statement threatening to attack russia " very soon " 

americans are buying tons of gold 

rt . said he would not support aborting baby hitler 

jamie dimon makes his case for keeping big banks big 
jamie dimon makes his case for keeping big banks big - cnn 
jamie dimon makes the case for keeping big banks big via 
cnnmoneyinvest : jamie dimon makes the case for keeping big banks big via cristinaalesci 
jamie dimon makes the case for keeping big banks big via cristinaalesci … 
jamie dimon makes the case for keeping big banks big via cristina … 
jamie dimon's case for keeping big banks big 
frmr citi ceo says big banks don't work . current jpmorchase ceo says beware replacing them . 
jamie dimon , the ceo of jpmorgan chase , says size helps u.s. banks compete globally , and that the risks are manageable . 

the difference between memorial day and veterans day 
remembering all those who have served and all those who are serving now . " thank you " . 
memorial day is different from veterans day - 
- explains the difference between these two us military holidays . 
confused ? memorial day : celebrated the last monday in may , memorial day is the holiday set aside to pay tribute ... 
who needs to know the difference between veterans day & memorial day ? here you go . 
get it straight : the between and 
fysa : the difference between memorial day & via 


several hundred people tweeted photos of vets to for 
thanks for all the memories , tweeps ! we made a little collection at --- 

may we have permission to feature your photo ? verify here : 
thepraseen may we have permission to feature your photo ? verify here : 

el faro's navigational bridge found - 

check out this article on that sheds light onto the protest that happened in the past week at yale . 
don't be too quick to judge yale protesters - 
don't be too quick to judge student protesters , says what do you think ? 
yale protesters , crazy story wonder if something like this would ever happen here 

poll says charles darwin's ' on the origin of species ' is most influential book - 
stiff competition , but it should be no surprise that darwin's massive take on living beings and their evolution ... 
and shakespeare was at which book would be your top pick ? 
charles darwin's ' origin ' voted most influential book 
poll says ' on the origin of species ' is most influential book 
his is the most influential book 
your tweet was quoted in an article by 
your tweet was quoted in a story by 
shows a need to know the opposition even if you don't agree . 

wonderful i can imagine how happy he must be , i personally know what lies from family get you thrown in jail 
jury finds alleged mob boss vincent asaro not guilty of racketeering and other charges . 
jury finds vincent asaro not guilty in lufthansa heist trial 
jury finds alleged mob captain vincent asaro not guilty 
acquittal in ' goodfellas ' trial 
alleged mob captain vincent asaro found not guilty in ' goodfellas ' trial 
jury finds alleged mob captain asaro not guilty 
amazing . goodfellas heist guy acquitted . " jury finds alleged mob boss vincent asaro not guilty " ” 
jury finds not guilty in lufthansa heist trial - 
jury finds alleged ' goodfellas ' mob boss not guilty 
can't keep a goodfella down 
i guess the mob still has reach ? - * sigh * 
but a brother can't walk down the street 


police : late baseball pitcher tommy hanson died of apparent overdose 
drugs win again . when will people wake up the only winners doing drugs are dealers and cartels . 

rt several hundred people tweeted photos of veterans to this 
rt several hundred people tweeted photos of vets to for … 
several hundred people tweeted photos of veterans to jaketapper this 

just watched this is life w/ lisa ling " america's busiest coroners " very interesting ... 
i was like oh shit ! you mean 
great program on edm & drugs ! please check it out ! thx ken 
rt not much of a tv fan , but love this human interest series : with always so thought-provoking . … 

what did albert see as his biggest mistake ? explains 
what did albert see as his biggest mistake ? drdonlincoln explains cnnopini … 
what did albert see as his biggest mistake ? drdonlincoln explains cnnopinion 
( via ) cnn : what did albert see as his biggest mistake ? drdonlincoln explains … 
what did albert see as his biggest mistake ? drdonlincoln explains cnnopin … 

baby panda takes his first steps 
hello ! here with watch baby panda's first steps : 
the baby panda , beibei , takes his first steps via 
rt watch the biggest dc story you may have missed : bei bei's first steps ! 🐼 👣 via https : … 
baby first steps ; beibei's wiggling butt reminds me of my cocker spaniel , too cute ! 
baby panda's first steps beibei's wiggling butt reminds me of cocker spaniels so cute 
zoo's baby panda's first steps beibei's wiggling butt reminds me of my cocker spaniel so cute 
the nationalzoo's baby panda , beibei , takes his first steps via caseycapachi … 
rt panda . just click it . i won't tell . ( via 
adorable , but why cnn politics ?? 
what i want for x-mas : 
bei bei is now going bye bye -- takes his first steps 
sometimes , you just gotta take a break from politics . check out the baby panda's first steps : 

stories of athletes from central african republic who are now refugees , via 
they are running fast ascemployeurs racing them with a contract ( 2/2 ) 
stories of athletes from central african republic who are now refugees , via thelistapp 
notice : stories of athletes from central african republic who are now refugees … 
( via ) cnn : stories of athletes from central african republic who are now refugees , via t … 

more than 20 aircraft struck by lasers wednesday night 
countdown to the nra defending americans ' rights to own high-power lasers for shooting airplanes starts now . 
more than 20 struck by lasers wednesday night 
more than 20 aircraft hit by lasers 
more than 20 aircraft were struck by lasers wednesday night 
americans need better hobbies ! 😒 more than 20 aircraft struck by lasers weds night 
more than 20 aircraft struck by thanks home depot for green light veterans day . 

historian : trump deportation plan ' absolutely not possible ' 
rt historian : trump deportation plan ' absolutely not possible ' 
donald trump's deportation force is racist , inhumane & absolutely not possible 
deporting 11 million people ? historian : trump deportation plan ' absolutely not possible ' 
rt historian says deportation plan is " absolutely not possible " … 
rt no way , jose'! 
i disagree . 
trump wants operation wetback 2 . because david dukes was too decent to run on it . 
it's scary that the gop front-runner is pushing a plan that's the trail of tears crossed w/ the japanese internment : 

