russian doping scandal : ioc chief thomas bach expects russia ' c o-o peration ' 
cnn : russian doping scandal : ioc chief thomas bach expects russia ' c o-o peration ' 

and memorial day are sometimes confused with one another ; here's what to know 
rt & memorial day r sometimes confused with 1 another ; here's what 2 know 
cnn : and memorial day are sometimes confused with one another ; here's what to know … 

the difference between memorial day and veterans day 
remembering all those who have served and all those who are serving now . " thank you " . 
memorial day is different from veterans day - 
- explains the difference between these two us military holidays . 
confused ? memorial day : celebrated the last monday in may , memorial day is the holiday set aside to pay tribute ... 
who needs to know the difference between veterans day & memorial day ? here you go . 
get it straight : the between and 
fysa : the difference between memorial day & via 
and memorial day are sometimes confused with one another ; here's what to know 

when people die in strange ways . 
website excerpts for tonight's 9pm eastern & pacific . 
' i'm the person they call when people die ' - 
this will hopefully help shed more light on what medicolegal death investigators do while i continue to make this ... 
. visits the la county coroner , where death is business as usual watch 

bei bei , the baby panda , takes his first steps 
the baby panda , beibei , takes his first steps via 
the baby beibei , takes his first steps . 🐼🐼🐼 ( vine by 
the national zoo's baby beibei , takes his first steps . 🐼🐼🐼 
lil bity baby rt beibei , the baby panda , takes his first steps 
rt one day you're taking your first steps , & next you're making your first pander . thanks for the vid , http … 

albert einstein was so wrong about this 
not even einstein was perfect 
mistake ? no , but horizon of understanding , yes albert einstein's colossal mistake 
dark energy might disprove the law of conservation of energy ...? what ...? you don't say ...? maybe ...? 
dark energy , cosmo constants , and all that jazz : " albert einstein's colossal mistake " 
what did albert see as his biggest mistake ? explains 

researchers : 8 million mummified animals -- mostly dogs -- are in catacombs at egypt site 

. visits the la county coroner , where death is business as usual watch 
( via ) cnn : . lisaling visits the la county coroner , where death is business as usual … 

here's what's in store for next year's smartphones 
cnn : here's what's in store for next year's smartphones 

rt this election is the best 
ben carson would not abort baby hitler 
i can no longer tell what's and what's " real " from : ben carson would not abort baby hitler - 
we're in that part of the primary season 
if you ask this question of anyone other than hitler's mother , you don't understand how choice or time-travel works . 
oh the conservative base will love this . would not abort baby hitler 
rt journalism is doing great ! 
carson : no abortions -- even hitler 
. said he would not support aborting baby hitler 

first japan-made passenger jet in 50 years - 
mitsubishi launches first japanese-made passenger jet 

" star wars , " " hunger games " and ... " titanic " ? new theme parks and rides announced in 2015 
cnn : " star wars , " " hunger games " and ... " titanic " ? new theme parks and rides announced in 2015 … 
( via ) cnn : " star wars , " " hunger games " and ... " titanic " ? new theme parks and rides anno … 
notice : " star wars , " " hunger games " and ... " titanic " ? new theme parks and rid … 

8 million mummified animals , mostly dogs , in catacombs at egypt site 
egypt : dog mummies in catacombs estimated in millions - 
researchers : 8 million mummified animals -- mostly dogs -- are in catacombs at egypt site 

2016ers take to social media on via 
2016ers take to social media on via heathergoldin 
presidential candidates of both parties honor the nation's veterans on 

oh joy ! is adding to the holiday cups controversy via 
oh joy ! dunkindonuts is adding to the holiday cups controversy via cnnmoney 
( via ) cnn : oh joy ! dunkindonuts is adding to the holiday cups controversy … 

tonight : comes face-to-face with l . a . ' s dead watch 
messed up ! “ tonight : comes face-to-face with l . a . ' s dead watch ” 

charles darwin's " on the origin of species " most influential academic book in online vote 
cnn : charles darwin's " on the origin of species " most influential academic book in online vote … 
( via ) cnn : charles darwin's " on the origin of species " most influential academic book in … 

stories of athletes from central african republic who are now refugees , via 
rt stories of athletes from central african republic who are now refugees , via ( 1/2 ) 
stories of athletes from central african republic who are now refugees , via thelistapp 
by cnn - they fled their homes in the central african republic . but can these refugee athletes play in the olympics ? http://cnn.it/1ni9lnv 

the next missouri ? ithaca college students stage walkout 
cnn : the next missouri ? ithaca college students stage walkout ( via ) 
rt cnn : the next missouri ? ithaca college students stage walkout 

the next missouri ? ithaca college students stage walkout 
the next missouri ? ithaca college students stage walkout - cnn 

" star wars , " " hunger games " and ... " titanic " ? new theme parks and rides announced in 2015 

presidential candidates of both parties honor the nation's veterans on 
presidential candidates of both parties honor the nation's veterans on … 
cnn : presidential candidates of both parties honor the nation's veterans on 

here's what's in store for next year's smartphones 
here's what's in store for next year's - cnn 
here's what's in store for next year's smartphones november 11 - cnnmoney 
here's what's in store for next year's you had me at longer lasting batteries ! 
here's what's in store for next year's smartphones - cnnmoney 
smartphones are about to get fast 
next year's smartphones via 
next year's smartphones with qualcomm's snapdragon 820 processor and radio chips will be way better than this year's crop of phones . 

" ioc president expects russia to be ' compliant '" 
expects to be ' compliant '" via 
russian doping scandal : ioc chief thomas bach expects russia ' c o-o peration ' 

another holiday cup controversy 
seriously ? 
. praised for its ' joy ' holiday cup . 
oh joy ! is adding to the holiday cups controversy via 
dunkin ' donuts debuted its ' joy ' holiday cup amid the drama that surrounded the reveal of starbucks ' plain red cup . 

for those of you who generously gave to cycle for heroes . that wonderfully crazy fun night a few months back i ... 
so inspiring ! great video via plum client hyperion media : " can't think of a better veterans day celebration : ... 
congratulations to sgt . julian torres with on topping out kilimanjaro today . next stop south ... 
so inspired on veterans day by a double amputee vet who summits mt . kilimanjaro 
double amputee us marine corps veteran sgt . julian torres summits mount kilimanjaro on 
double-amputee vet summits mt . kilimanjaro on joins from 19k+ feet 

. said he would not support aborting baby hitler 

thanks for all the memories , tweeps ! we made a little collection at --- 
several hundred people tweeted photos of vets to for 
several hundred people tweeted photos of veterans to this 

mitsubishi launches first japanese-made passenger jet 

may we have permission to feature your photo ? verify here : 
thepraseen may we have permission to feature your photo ? verify here : 

poll says charles darwin's ' on the origin of species ' is most influential book 
charles darwin's ' origin ' voted most influential book 
shows a need to know the opposition even if you don't agree . 
charles darwin's " on the origin of species " most influential academic book in online vote 

double-amputee vet summits mt . kilimanjaro on joins from 19k+ feet 

several hundred people tweeted photos of veterans to this 
several hundred people tweeted photos of veterans to jaketapper this 
several hundred people tweeted photos of vets to for 

i was like oh shit ! you mean 
great program on edm & drugs ! please check it out ! thx ken 
rt not much of a tv fan , but love this human interest series : with always so thought-provoking . … 
tonight : comes face-to-face with l . a . ' s dead watch 

what did albert see as his biggest mistake ? explains " 
what did albert see as his biggest mistake ? drdonlincoln explains cnnopini … 
what did albert see as his biggest mistake ? drdonlincoln explains cnnopinion 
( via ) cnn : what did albert see as his biggest mistake ? drdonlincoln explains … 
what did albert see as his biggest mistake ? drdonlincoln explains cnnopin … 

baby panda takes his first steps 
watch the biggest dc story you may have missed : bei bei's first steps ! 🐼 👣 via 
the baby panda , beibei , takes his first steps via 
panda . just click it . i won't tell . ( via 
what i want for x-mas : 
bei bei is now going bye bye -- takes his first steps 
sometimes , you just gotta take a break from politics . check out the baby panda's first steps : 
rt caseycapachi : watch the biggest dc story you may have missed : bei bei's first steps ! 🐼 👣 via cnnpolitics … 
rt rebekahmetzler : panda . just click it . i won't tell . ( via caseycapachi ) … 
the smithsonian's takes his first steps - 
the nationalzoo's baby panda , beibei , takes his first steps via caseycapachi … 

stories of athletes from central african republic who are now refugees , via 
they are running fast ascemployeurs racing them with a contract ( 2/2 ) 
stories of athletes from central african republic who are now refugees , via thelistapp 
notice : stories of athletes from central african republic who are now refugees … 
( via ) cnn : stories of athletes from central african republic who are now refugees , via t … 

