cia director brennan : paris attacks not ' a one-off event ' - 
cia director brennan : paris attacks not ' a one-off event ' via 
director brennan : not ' a one-off event ' 
rt cia director brennan : paris not ' a one-off event ' via and yet president refuses to alt … 
cia director brennan : paris attacks not ' a one-off event ' ( msnbc ) ( 0910 gmt ) 
cia director brennan says isis is " determined " to carry out more attacks , must increase intel : 
cia director brennan : paris not ' a one-off event ' via and yet president refuses to alter losing strategy 
vist- director brennan : paris attacks not ' a one-off event ' - 
cia director john brennan said the deadly attacks in paris that killed about 130 people said are not " a one-off event " . 

google self-driving cars face slow going from california dmv - 
google self-driving cars face slow going in california 
dtn usa : google self-driving cars face slow going in california : hustling to bring cars that drive themselves ... 
msnbc hustling to bring cars that drive themselves to a road near you , google finds itself so ... 
google self-driving cars face slow going in california : hustling to bring cars that drive themselves to a road ... 
hustling to bring cars that drive themselves to a road near you , google finds itself somewhere that has frustrated many before : waiting on bureacracy . 

facebook broadens ' safety check ' feature after paris attacks .. 
rt nbcnews " facebook broadens ' safety check ' feature after paris attacks " 

misinformation spreads on social media following paris attacks 
read : “ misinformation spreads on social media following paris attacks ” 

normality slowly returns to paris as eiffel tower reopens 
france's most famous landmark , the eiffel tower , closed for security reasons after the devastating terror attacks in paris has now reopened . 

15 u.s. states now say they won't let in syrian refugees via 
chorus grow 2 halt refugee resettlement usa via many syrians have lived in usa since the 50s not terrorists 
more governors seek to ban syrian refugees after paris massacre - nbc news 
chorus grows to halt refugee resettlement in states 
more governors seek to ban syrian refugees after paris massacre - … 
rt louisiana joins alabama , arkansas , michigan and texas in refusing to take in syrian refugees after https … 
rt chorus grows to halt refugee resettlement in states via 
what is going on ... chorus grows to halt refugee resettlement in states 
i'm so deeply disappointed that has put on this list . 
most muslims are not terrorists and most muslims hate isis . this reactionary move only punishes innocent people . 
chorus grows halt refugee resettlement in states via they pose no threat ma is all immigrants 
chorus grows to stop in usa 
nearly a dozen governors have announced they will not take in syrian refugees following via 
texas governor : i won't accept syrian refugees 
answer is : two dem govs ( malloy in ct ; wolf in pa ) have said today they will accept refugees 
no refugees wanted : governors want asylum program halted - 
no refugees wanted : governors want asylum program halted : " i — and millions of americans — implore yo ... 
dear for once in your career , do the right thing and join these governors in protecting your citizens 
. what's taking you so long ? stand with other governors that refuse to take now ! 
“ i — and millions of americans — implore you to halt your plans to accept more syrian refugees in the united ... 
they won't miss shit .. 
texas , indiana governors : we won't accept syrian refugees after paris massacre 
more governors announce their states won't accept syrian refugees after paris massacre 
more state in usa add names refusing syrian refugees . peace jet 
christie mia as governors announce their states won’t accept syrian refugees after paris massacre via 
" i — and millions of americans — implore you to halt your plans to accept more syrian refugees in the united states , " republican gov . greg abbott said . 

here's why europe can't pull up its drawbridge 
here's why europe can't pull up its drawbridge : " we are fundamentally different in that regard ,... 
london — europe cannot simply pull up the drawbridge and begin intensive security checks similar to those ... 
rt here's why europe can't pull up its drawbridge after paris attacks via 
paris attacks : why europe can't pull up its drawbridge - nbc news 
" we are fundamentally different in that regard , " said nick whitney , an expert at the european council on foreign relations . 

what we know about suspects and fugitives 
nbcinvestigates : rt cassvinograd : what we know about suspects and fugitives 

normality slowly returns to paris as eiffel tower reopens 
normality slowly returns to paris as reopens 
rt nbcnews " normality slowly returns to paris as eiffel tower reopens " 

vw : more gas-powered engines cheated on co2 
vw finds more gas-powered engines cheated on co2 emissions 
msnbc volkswagen manipulated carbon dioxide emission levels of more gas-powered vehicles than ... 
volkswagen manipulated carbon dioxide emission levels of more gas-powered vehicles than previously disclosed , a vw spokesman said on monday . 

kids hurt by antibiotic resistance , doctors warn 
soap can be just soap . it's not surgery , wash your hands well , cover your cough , move on . 
american kids are being hurt and killed by the spread of antibiotic-resistant " superbugs " , pediatricians said ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! kids hurt by antibiotic resistance , doctor … 
the message about antibiotic resistance isn't getting through 
know when & how to take to combat & superbugs . via nbcnews 
kids hurt by doctors warn via 

here's why europe can't pull up its drawbridge 

. broadens ' safety check ' feature after 
😯 paris attacks : eagles of death metal safe after fans killed at gig - bbc news ❤❤❤❤❤❤ 😬😯 
bill maher : bombing isis caused the paris attacks - daily beast 😮 😙 
syria talks continue in vienna despite paris attacks - time 👼💋 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! facebook broadens ' safety check ' feature a … 
facebook ceo mark zuckerberg said that the social network will make more frequent use of its " safety check " tool ... 
😀 french players work through heavy hearts after paris attacks - abc news 😀 👶 
facebook's innovative safety check allows friends in a destructed area to let others know they are okay 
facebook allowed people all over the world to know their loved ones in paris were safe with just one click . 
why facebook hadn't turned on the safety check tool when violence was carried out in other parts of the world ? 
nbc storyline paris terror attacks facebook broadens safety check feature aft 
facebook broadens ‘ safety check ’ feature after paris 
facebook ceo mark zuckerberg said that the social network will make more frequent use of its “ safety check ” tool ... 

gop candidates pressure paul ryan to halt syrian refugee funding 

for-profit school operator to pay $95.5 m to settle u.s. lawsuit 

vw finds more gas-powered engines cheated on co2 emissions 

google self-driving cars face slow going from california dmv 

rt state de france bomber entered europe on migrant boat , greek officials say … 
what we know about suspects and fugitives 
paris attacks : what we know about suspects and fugitives - ♻️ 
what we know about the suspects and fugitives 
state de france bomber entered europe on migrant boat , greek officials say hysterie , domme judith ? 
rt paris bomber was on boat europe death wish : have lots of welcome millions … 
seems legit to me . 
hey go fuck yourselves . 
one of the suicide bombers who brought terror to a packed sports stadium in paris on friday entered europe on a refugee boat last month , greek officials said as the manhunt continued for a potential accomplice who remained on the run . 

kids hurt by antibiotic resistance , doctors warn 

for-profit school operator to pay $95.5 m to settle u.s. lawsuit 
for-profit school operator settles with u.s. 
msnbc the obama administration has reached a $95.5 million settlement with a pittsburgh firm ... 
for-profit school operator settles with u.s. ( msnbc ) ( 1046 gmt ) 
announces $95.5 m settlement with for-profit college , trade school operator 
the obama administration has reached a $95.5 million settlement with a pittsburgh firm that runs for-profit trade schools and colleges . 

misinformation spreads on social media following paris attacks 
rumors and misinformation spread on social media following paris attacks 
misinformation spreads on social media following paris … 
rumors and misinformation spread on social media following paris attacks via 
misinformation spreads on social media ( doesn't it always ? ) .. following the paris attacks : 
- misinformation spreads on social media following attacks 
dtn usa : misinformation spreads online following paris attacks : social media sites can be a quick way for peop ... 
msnbc social media sites can be a quick way for people to learn about breaking news — but it's ... 
msnbc : misinformation spreads online following paris attacks 
yes indeed ! mt misinformation spreads online following paris attacks - via social media sites 
misinformation spreads online following paris attacks : social media sites can be a quick way for people to lea ... 
social media sites can be a quick way for people to learn about breaking news — but it's not always accurate . 

cia director brennan : paris attacks not ' a one-off event ' 
nbcnews : cia director brennan : paris attacks not ' a one-off event ' 

gop presidential candidates pressure to halt syrian refugee funding after the 
gop candidates pressure paul ryan to halt syrian refugee funding 
update : gop candidates pressure paul ryan to halt syrian refugee funding 
rt gop candidates pressure paul ryan to halt syrian refugee funding via 
mike huckabee and ben carson have urged ryan to halt the acceptance of syrian refugees to the united states by ... 

no refugees wanted : governors want asylum program halted 

