trump praised it without naming it , so what was " operation wetback ? " via 
trump praised it without naming it , so what was " operation wetback ? " via nbclati … 
rt nbcnews " trump praised it without naming it , so what was " operation wetback ? " via nbcl … " 
trump praised it without naming it , so what was " operation wetback ? " via nbclatino 

rule expanding overtime pay eligibility to 5 million workers won't be finalized this year 

facebook's sheryl sandberg chosen to sponsor the navy's newest submarine . 
facebook’s sheryl sandberg chosen to sponsor the navy’s newest submarine . ( via 

follow nbcnews on as a student from our series takes over our account 
follow nbcnews on snapchat as a student from our series takes over our account 
follow nbcnews on snapchat as a student from our series takes over our account … 
follow nbcnews on as vanderbilt's takes over our acct 
follow nbcnews on snapchat as vanderbilt's tyrasearcy takes over our acct 
freshman year experience - college news & video - nbc news 
go to nbcnews.com for news , photos and video , from college and university students from around the country . 

a chewy affair : seattle's ' gum wall ' gets spruced up 
a chewy affair : seattle's ' gum wall ' gets spruced up via 
rachel long gretchen anderson monahan have you seen this : ... 
rt dyb2000 : laydee_chata pinkdyb lilyfophilly lily_gaga07 
todayshow : a chewy affair : seattle's ' gum wall ' gets spruced up 
so how long before the 1st piece of gum is placed on the wall again ? 
after 20 years of " sticking around " , the seattle gum wall will be no more . seattle - how do you feel about this ? 
saying goodbye to in seattle as the walls are getting a wash . 
famous in seattle getting a wash . 20 years of history , chewiness and messages gone ! 
why remove gum wall ? revolting and beautiful at the same time 
gross . what kind of people do something like this ? 
seattle's famed ' gum wall ' gets spruced up via 
crews are cleaning seattle's famed " gum wall , " where tourists and locals have been sticking their used chewing gum for the past 20 years . 

and allies lap competitors in tv ad spending 
rt nbcnews " jeb bush and allies lap competitors in tv ad spending " 

' enough is enough ' : hundreds of mormons leaving church over same-sex marriage ... 
same-sex marriage policy drives hundreds from mormon church 
mormons leaving church over same-sex marriage stance 
' enough is enough ' : hundreds of leaving church over marriage stance 
many mormons leave church over lds action against children of same-sex couples 
hundreds of mormons leaving church over same-sex marriage stance ( msnbc ) ( 1621 gmt ) 
the exodus is in protest over a new policy that punishes same-sex couples and their children . 
yay ... suck it .. unholy wannabe-christians . - loving god , loving people and no god :-) ... amen ! :-) 
for the many who're severing ties w/ a church they may love in courageous solidarity w/ ppl , i pray . 
hundreds of mormons are leaving the church over policy on same-sex couples and their kids 

isis claims responsibility for beirut blasts that killed 37 - 
beirut blasts : isis claims responsibility for deadly dual explosions that killed 37 : two explosions in a busy ... 
[ mundo ] beirut blasts : isis claims responsibility for deadly dual explosions that killed 37 
alright isis , cool it 
two suicide bombs in beirut kill at least 37 people and wounded 200 others ( isis claimed responsibility for ... 
rt isis claims responsibility for beirut blasts that killed 37 ( from 
isis claims responsibility for beirut blasts that killed 37 ( from & ) 
at least 37 killed , 180 wounded in beirut blasts 
at least 37 killed , 180 wounded in beirut blasts /ms 
at least 37 killed , 180 wounded in beirut blasts : local media said that the attacks occurred just o ... 
beirut blasts : at least 37 killed , 180 wounded in two suicide explosions - nbc news 
local media said that the attacks occurred just outside a shi'ite center in the borj al … 
local media said that the attacks occurred just outside a shi'ite center in the borj al-barajneh area . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! at least 37 killed , 180 wounded in beirut … 
isis claims responsibility for deadly beirut explosions that killed at least 37 
beirut blasts : isis claims responsibility for deadly dual explosions that killed 43 - nbc news 

you won't be able to stop listening to this songs of 2015 mashup 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! you won't be able to stop listening to thi … 
canadian dj daniel kim has released his annual mashup of popular songs from the last year .... 
it is dedicated to lady gaga you won't be able to stop listening to this songs of 2015 ma … 
you won’t be able to stop listening to this songs of 2015 mashup 
whhhaaaattt ?!?! 2 scoops of mash up this year ! 
this mashup blends all of your favorite 2015 songs 
the first end of year mash up of 2015's biggest hits is here 
check out collab talent daniel kim's latest pop danthology ! covers why he released two ! read more 

amnesty international wants u.n. to ban ' killer robots ' 

facebook says governments are making more requests for personal data of its users 

prosecutors seek 12½-year sentence for ex-subway pitchman jared fogle 
prosecutors seek 12½-year sentence for ex-subway pitchman via 
prosecutors seek 12½-year sentence for jared fogle : 
prosecutors seek 12½ years for jared fogle 
federal prosecutors said the long prison term would send a strong message to others who … 
prosecutors have suggested the maximum sentence of 12 years and 7 months for jared fogle , by | 
federal prosecutors said the long prison term would send a strong message to others who exploit children . 
prosecutors seek 12½-year sentence for ex-subway pitchman fogle via if he was my relative i'd reject him 
prosecutors seek 12-year sentence for ex-subway pitchman jared fogle 
prosecutors ask judge to sentence jared fogle to 12½ years to set an example . 
prosecutors seek a 12½-year sentence for ex-subway pitchman jared fogle . via 

you won't be able to stop listening to this mashup of 2015's best songs 
rt nbcnews " you won't be able to stop listening to this mashup of 2015's best songs " 

slow going on rule to widen overtime pay eligibility 
msnbc it apparently is taking longer than expected for the u.s. labor department to finalize ... 
dtn usa : slow going on rule to widen overtime pay eligibility : it apparently is taking longer than expected fo ... 
rule expanding overtime pay eligibility won't be finalized this year via 
slow going on rule to widen overtime pay eligibility via 
slow going on rule to widen overtime pay eligibility : it apparently is taking longer than expected for the u . s ... 
federal regulation expanding overtime pay eligibility won't be finalized this year 
rule expanding overtime pay eligibility to 5 million workers won't be finalized this year 
rule expanding overtime pay eligibility won't be finalized this year - nbc news 
it apparently is taking longer than expected for the u.s. labor department to finalize a rule making 5 million more workers eligible for overtime pay . 

big beer's $105 billion takeover deal finalized 

missouri professor quits after telling students not to ' give in to bullies ' 
missouri professor quits after telling students not to ' give in to bullies ' … 
veroan_rs : rt nbcnews : missouri professor quits after telling students not to ' give in to bullies ' … 

abigail , first british storm ever named , slams into scotland with hurricane-force winds 

vladimir putin says russia needs its own investigation into doping allegations 
rt nbcnews " vladimir putin says russia needs its own investigation into doping allegations " 

what does this mean for the industry ? 
big beer\'s 05 billion takeover deal finalized 
big beer's $105 billion takeover deal finalized 
it is dedicated to lady gaga big beer's $105 billion takeover deal finalized 
belgian brewing giant ab inbev has reached a final agreement with sabmiller over the terms of its $105 billion ... 
cheers ! big beer's $105 billion takeover deal finalized via 
well , it's official- big beer just got bigger as anheuser- busch inbev and sab miller seal the deal 
msnbc belgian brewing giant ab inbev has reached a final agreement with sabmiller over the te ... 
big beer’s $105 billion takeover deal finalized 

venezuelan president lashes out at u.s. during u.n. meeting 
nbcnews : venezuelan president lashes out at u.s. during u.n. meeting 

prosecutors seek 12½-year sentence for ex-subway pitchman jared fogle 

nation honors american heroes 
the official holiday may have passed , but every day is a good day to remember our veterans . here are some images ... 
today in history , 1918 – germany signs an armistice agreement with the allies in a railroad car in the forest of ... 
thank you . 
thank you , veterans ! 
great job nbc ! happy veterans day ! 
we love you , veterans ! 
rt see how the nation honored american heroes today 📷 matt rourke https : … 
happy veterans day to our service members past & present ! thank you for your service ! 
happy veterans day to all our service members past and present ! thank you for your service ! here are some great ... 
to all our brave men & women whom have served in the us military we say thank you ! happy veterans day ! 
happy - a tradition that began in commemoration of the formal end to world war i on nov . 11 , 1918 . 
for all those serving today and in the past ... we thank them for their time , their sacrifice , their blood , sweat ... 
veterans are especially honored and remembered today for their service to the country , a … 
today we honor and remember the nation's heroes & veterans who have served and protected . thank you . 

of board of curators name michael middleton interim president 
university of missouri board of curators name michael middleton interim president 
now it's time for my to show the u.s. how our indomitable spirit will turn this into positive change . 
mizzou names interim president after resignations 
mizzou names interim president after resignations : the board of curators scheduled a 1:30 p.m. news c ... 
here we are again !! 
my uncle better do some werrrkkkk 
uni of missouri appoints one of its first black law school graduates , michael middleton , to be the interim president 
mizzou names interim president after resignations : the board of curators scheduled a 1 ... via 
the board of curators scheduled a 1:30 p.m. news conference thursday to announce the person who will lead the ... 
the board of curators scheduled a 1:30 p.m. news conference thursday to announce the person … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! mizzou names interim president after resig … 
michael middleton named interim president of university of missouri 

msnbc a wal-mart worker group that has pushed the retailer to raise pay and benefits is launc ... 
wal-mart workers group begins 15-day protest for higher pay , benefits - 
wal-mart workers group launches 15-day protest 
msnbc : wal-mart workers group launches 15-day protest 
a wal-mart worker group that has pushed the retailer to raise pay and benefits is launching a 15-day protest leading up to black friday . 

jeb bush and allies lap competitors in tv ad spending 
jeb campaign & super pac have spent a ton of money to get single digit polling . 
by the way , trump's campaign is finally on the airwaves , having spent $86k on tv ads so far ( vs team jeb's $17.9 m ) 
right to rise has spent $17.5 m in pro-jeb ads , double anyone else in race -- so far not much return 
once again , jeb bush and allies are outspending everyone else on tv ads in 2016 race 
you can just write " the bush campaign has spent $17.9 million in tv ads . " 
jeb bush & super pac have outspent rivals by more than 2 to 1 : $17.9 m ( $17.5 m from r2r , $440k from campaign ) 
through this week , the pro-bush super pac right to rise has spent a total of $17.5 million in tv ads . 

ban killer robots now , says amnesty international 
amnesty international wants u.n. to ban ' killer robots ' 
amnesty international to u.n. : ban ' killer robots ' 
amnesty international wants un to ban ' killer robots ' - 
amnesty international is imploring governments to ban killer robots . 

spaghettios recall ! 
recall alert : 355,000 spaghettios cans recalled after choking hazard found 
uh oh ... 
dang , there goes ' s dinner plans ! 
' choking hazard ' found in spaghettios cans 
lara nicole baker !!!! is this why you had it in your hair ??? lmfao 
recall after ' choking hazard ' found in spaghettios cans : campbell soup company said thursday it was ... 
uh-oh : recall after ' choking hazard ' found in spaghettios cans . red plastic pieces ? don't remember prizes 
msnbc : recall after ' choking hazard ' found in spaghettios cans 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! recall after ' choking hazard ' found in spa … 
how many time are we going to hear " uh oh " before this one ... 
campbell soup company said thursday it was voluntarily recalling 355,000 cans of spaghettios after pieces of ... 
choking hazard !!!! let the jokes begin ..... 
msnbc campbell soup company said thursday it was voluntarily recalling 355,000 cans of spaghe ... 

un meeting opens way for satellite tracking of jets 
msnbc a deal reached at a u.n. meeting on wednesday opens the way for satellite tracking of a ... 

snow , tornadoes and thunderstorms threaten millions 

the fox guarding the coop : says needs own probe into doping allegations 
putin says russia needs own probe into doping allegations 
state sponsored doping and now putin has the nerve to call for a state sponsored probe ?? are you serious ??? 
putin says russia needs own investigation into doping allegations 
vladimir putin said russia needs to conduct its own investigation into allegations its athletes had taken ... 
vladimir putin said russia needs to conduct its own investigation into allegations its … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! putin says russia needs own investigation … 
president vladimir putin said on wednesday russia needs to conduct its own investigation into allegations its ... 

venus ' twin ? new earth-sized exoplanet found nearby 

inspired by mizzou protests , ithaca students rally , demand resignation 
inspired by mizzou protests , students across country focus on being 
can you imagine if every college campus with racial discrimination being hushed up and tolerated suddenly just ... 
inspired by students call for president's resignation 
our president is black , yet there is still racism on college campuses ? 
horizontal activation in movement for shared governance . 
now ithaca morons demand to be protected from the real world and save their feelings 
have you been feeling inspired by the national uproar of student activism in response to the news at the ... 
mizzou protests inspire others - 
yvette de silvre i told you they can't put the genie back in the bottle . 
inspired by students across country bring focus to being 
mizzou protests sparks a new movement 
" it is vital to fight against both covert and overt racism in all places of education and empowerment " ... 
inspired and emboldened by their peers at the university of missouri , activist students are … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! mizzou protests inspire ot … 
inspired and emboldened by their peers at the university of missouri , activist students are following suit across ... 
the movement spreads . 

ohio man charged with urging killings of us soldiers - 
ohio man charged with urging killings of u.s. soldiers 
ohio man charged with urging killings of u.s. soldiers - fbi agents arrested an akron , ohio man thursday , accus ... 
ohio man charged with urging killings of u.s. soldiers via 
some people have not learned that you can say or do anything in this country . however you are also criminally ... 
fbi agents arrested an akron , ohio man thursday , accusing him of using social media to … 
fbi agents arrested an akron , ohio man thursday , accusing him of using social media to encourage attacks on ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ohio man charged with urging killings of u … 

says governments are making more requests for user 
governments requesting more user data from facebook 
government surveillance and facebook transparency to users . read more about it . via 
facebook says governments around the world are making more requests for user data 
i appreciate how transparent facebook remains in the face of large governments : 
are governments making requests for your data ? 
governments around the world are increasingly asking facebook to cough up personal data on its users .... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! governments requesting more user data from … 

spaghettios recall over choking hazard ; pieces of plastic found in some cans , company says . 
nbcnews : spaghettios recall over choking hazard ; pieces of plastic found in some cans , company says . … 
rt spaghettios recall over choking hazard ; pieces of plastic found in some cans , company says . https : … 

spirit , frontier airlines bring back baggage surcharge for holidays 
“ spirit , frontier airlines bring back baggage surcharge for holidays ” 

the sparring over immigration moves to cruz & rubio quarreling over 2013 immigration efforts , via 
this rubio/cruz escalation on immigration is only gonna get more interesting . from the ground in sc : 
marco rubio and ted cruz spar over immigration reform - 
sen. marco rubio sought to neutralize attacks on his involvement in the 2013 immigration … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! marco rubio and ted cruz spar over immigra … 
sen. marco rubio sought to neutralize attacks on his involvement in the 2013 immigration reform effort on ... 

venus ' twin ? new earth-sized exoplanet gj 1132b found in our neighborhood 
a rocky earth-size exoplanet has been discovered in our galactic neighborhood . 
venus ' twin ? new earth-sized exoplanet found nearby 
more interesting news emerging about space . does this mean something ? 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! venus ' twin ? new earth-sized exoplanet fou … 
there's a new rocky earth-size exoplanet on our galactic block , and it's a sizzler .... 
venus ' twin ? new earth-sized gj 1132b found in our neighborhood 
new earth-sized exoplanet gj 1132b found in our galactic neighborhood 
is the newest addition to exoplanets discovered . a small rocky earth-sized planet that is in a tight ... 

drexel university revokes bill cosby's honorary degree - 
another university cuts ties with bill cosby 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! another university cuts ties with bill cos … 
another university cuts ties with bill cosby liveleakfun → 
drexel said it was revoking cosby's honorary degree because of a duty recognize and address sexual violence and ... 
drexel said it was revoking cosby’s honorary degree because of a duty recognize and address sexual violence and ... 
drexel university revokes bill cosby’s honorary degree . 

video shows virginia man tased , shackled before dying in police custody 
video shows virginia man linwood lambert tased , shackled before dying in police custody via 
pretty rich former atf who was at waco talks about excessive force by cops ? he gets his $ from nbc now i guess 
unarmed virginia man tased , dies in police custody 
- unlike tuskaloosa & wht victims , police brutality 4blk usually ends up with the death of brutalized victim ! 
video shows man tased 20x's shackled before dying in police custody 
video shows man tased , shackled before dying in police custody via 
this young black man was handcuffed yet leaped out of the cruiser and ran into the hospital door . he never got ... 
why is it : we're going to take you for a little ride means you''ll die in police custody ? via 
newly-obtained video shows man tased , shackled before dying in police custody 
video of tased by cops , aka before dying in police custody via 
why do you undervalue , underestimate and marginalize our lives so , we didn't enslave anyone , drop an a bomb on ... 
are we people from virginia surprised ? nope ! 
the death of linwood lambert while he was in police custody in may 2013 has led to a new investigation , including ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! unarmed virginia man tased , dies in police … 
when officers put linwood lambert in a squad car around 5 a.m. , they told him they were taking him to an er for ... 
the death of linwood lambert while he was in police custody in may 2013 has led to a new … 

how the u.s. is honoring american heroes on via 
how the u.s. is honoring american heroes on via 

isis claims responsibility for deadly beirut explosions that killed at least 37 

smoking drops to lowest level since it started in america , but low socio-economic still overrepresented : 
percentage of u.s. smokers plummets 
percentage of us smokers has plummeted nearly 20% in a decade , cdc says . 
"' real progress ' : percentage of us smokers plummets , cdc finds - " 
progress . percentage of us smokers plunges 20% in 10 years . 
plummets in the us but we still have to work on the rest of the world 
percentage of u.s. smokers plummets nearly 20 percent in decade , cdc finds 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ' real progress ' : percentage of u.s. smoker … 
delighted federal health officials said thursday the number of smokers has plummeted by nearly 20 percent in the ... 
rt who still smokes ? the poor and uninsured , mostly 
we're smart enuf 2 quit smoking ! r we smart to stop polluting ? ' real progress ' : % of u.s. smokers plummets , 
government wants their cake and eat it too . cigarettes are evil !! tax revenue from evil is awesome ! 
the % of u.s. smokers has plummeted . glad to see more of us are treating our bodies right ! via 
percentage of u.s. smokers plummets to a 50 year low 
rt many fewer americans smoke 
sweet ........ turn this up , 

kitty covered in dried concrete found alive in trash bin - nbc news 
kitty covered in dried concrete found alive in trash bin vía 
kitty covered in dried concrete found alive in trash bin ( msnbc ) ( 1106 gmt ) 
kitty covered in dried concrete found alive in trash bin : a north dakota construction worker finds kitten cove ... 
dtn usa : kitty covered in dried concrete found alive in trash bin : a north dakota construction worker finds ki ... 
a kitty cat covered in dried concrete and discovered in a trash bin is alive . 

aging mobster vincent asaro acquitted in heist immortalized in ' goodfellas ' - 

video shows virginia man tased and shackled before dying in police custody 
rt smh “ video shows virginia man tased and shackled before dying in police custody … 

wal-mart workers group launches 15-day protest 

' november witch ' brews nasty weather for millions of americans 
' november witch ' brews nasty weather over nation's midsection : 
' november witch ' brews nasty weather over nation's midsection : " we've got plenty of wind energy from the jet s ... 
batten down the hatches ! is traveling across ohio ! 
the wind in the wires made a tattle-tale sound/ when the wave broke over the railing and every man knew , as the ... 
' november witch ' brews nasty weather for millions : the " november witch " is what meteorologists call t ... 
i like the idea of a november witch , but not when i'm trying to get to toronto tomorrow . 
i survived the " november witch " . it proved to be the nov . toddler up here in n . colorado : 
the same system that moved through utah on tuesday is now knocking power lines , flipping semis in the midwest 

hundreds of mormons are leaving the church over policy on same-sex couples and their kids 

drexel university revokes bill cosby's honorary degree over sexual assault allegations 
msnbc : rt nbcnews : drexel university revokes bill cosby's honorary degree over sexual assault allegations … 

' sounds of impact ' recorded in fatal ohio plane crash - 
recorder captured ' sounds of impact ' in fatal akron , ohio , plane crash 
federal investigators say they're reviewing 30 minutes of cockpit audio recorded just before … 
news : recorder captured ' sounds of impact ' in fatal akron , ohio , plane crash - | details : 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ' sounds of impact ' recorded in fatal ohio … 
federal investigators say they're reviewing 30 minutes of cockpit audio recorded just before the fatal crash into ... 
recorder has " sounds of impact " in fatal ohio plane crash , but full audio is " poor quality " 

' goodfella ' acquitted in infamous lufthansa heist 
just in : aging " goodfella " mobster vincent asaro acquitted in 1978 lufthansa heist . 
aging mobster acquitted of charges in connection with one of the most famous heists in history 
mob boss vinent asaro was acquited today of racketeering and playing a role in the famed lufthansa heist . 
goodfella acquitted ( fyi 
" never rat on yer friends and always keep yer mouth shut . " 
aging mobster acquitted in 1978 lufthansa heist that inspired the film ' goodfellas ' .... 
alleged bonnano goodfella : vincent asaro - not guilty in lufthansa heist ! scene : story : 
a federal jury reached the verdict at a brooklyn racketeering trial 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ' goodfella ' acquitted in infamous lufthans … 
mobster beats prosecutor in nyc goodfellas heist trial . 
yes , we have no bonanos 
aging mobster vincent asaro acquitted in heist immortalized in ' goodfellas ' 

why facebook's sheryl sandberg will christen a new navy submarine - 
facebook's sheryl sandberg is christening a new navy sub 
one more reason to love the navy ... 
facebook's sheryl sandberg is christening a new navy sub ( msnbc ) ( 1810 gmt ) 
facebook's sheryl sandberg is christening a new navy sub : the u.s. navy has made an unconventional choice to s ... 

mizzou reportedly rejects resignation of professor who offered to quit after " bullies " email 

weather a focus in akron , ohio , plane crash that killed nine 
weather a focus in akron , plane crash that nine 
weather a focus in ohio plane crash that killed nine 
a focus in akron , crash that killed nine nbcnews 
federal investigators say the pilot appeared to make no distress call before the jet veered … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! weather a focus in ohio plane crash that k … 
federal investigators say the pilot appeared to make no distress call before the jet veered left , clipped power ... 

venezuelan president lashes out at u.s. at u.n. meeting - nbc news 
venezuelan president lashes out at u.s. at u.n. meeting via 
venezuelan president lashes out at us at un meeting - 
venezuelan president slams u.s. at u.n. meeting 
i'd be bummed if two members of my family were arrested on cocaine smuggling charges , too . 
venezuelan president slams u.s. at u.n. meeting : president nicolas maduro finished a speech in geneva without ... 
president nicolas maduro finished a speech in geneva without directly addressing the indictment of his wife’s ... 
venezuelan president lashes out at u.s. during u.n. meeting 
president nicolas maduro finished a speech in geneva without directly addressing the indictment of his wife's nephews on cocaine smuggling charges . 

michael middleton named interim president of university of missouri 

kitty covered in concrete found alive in trash bin 

un meeting opens way for satellite tracking of jets 

wow that tree is an elephant 
pi kappa cino coffee of sterling made the national news ! 
snow , tornadoes , thunderstorms threaten up to 60 million 
snow , twisters , thunderstorms threaten millions 
snow , tornadoes , thunderstorms threaten millions - 
snow , tornadoes , thunderstorms threaten millions via 
snow , tornadoes , thunderstorms threaten millions via 
rt winter is coming . harsh weather today : blizzard conditions in denver . road closures , power outage in reno snow storm … 
the next 
snow , twisters , thunderstorms threaten up to 60 million 
rt blizzards and tornadoes today ! large country = large variety of weather 
rt powerful system of storms churning into midwest , bringing snow and possibly tornadoes . https://… 
vist- tornadoes , thunderstorms threaten millions - 
rt threaten millions - a powerful system of storms churned across the rocky ... … 
since moving to california other states weather problems is the new porn 
im not ready ... !!!! & it was so beautiful today i wore shorts ... smh 

inspired by mizzou protests , students across the country discuss being … 
nbcnews : inspired by mizzou protests , students across the country discuss being … 

a weather system known as the " witch of november " will hit the upper midwest and ohio valley 
rt nbcnews " a weather system known as the " witch of november " will hit the upper midwest and ohio valley … " 

and here is a great non resignation event 
missouri professor's resignation for email about ' bullies ' rejected 
lol at 
rt another professor forced to resign after telling students to show up for class ! https://… 
nope . profs resignation rejected via 
more on missouri : 
rt missouri professor resigns following email about campus ' bullies ' via nbcnews -- oh . 
oz- he is right ! prof resigns following email about campus ‘ bullies ’ : 
university of missouri teacher dale brigham resigns after he sent a neglectful email 
rt va tech knew a murderer was loose & didn't cancel class . chased out a guy for not canceling his over a lie . https :/ … 
rt professor resigns after telling students not to let ' bullies ' win ! 
white professor decides he doesn't want to teach worthless snowflake generation 
mizzou prof\'s resignation for \'bullies\' note rejected 
missouri story getting thornier : 
rt this is getting confusing .... another mizzou prof resigns ; 
rt mizzou prof's resignation for ' bullies ' note may be rejected : professor dale brigham incited a b ... http … 
missouri professor's resignation for email about ' bullies ' may be rejected - 
a popular u of missouri prof submitted a letter of resignation wednesday , and have details 
mizzou may have finally done something right !! thus far his resignation has " not been accepted " . good ! nothing ... 
rt missouri professor resigns after telling students not to let ' bullies ' win … 

trump praised it without naming it : what was " operation wetback ? " 
faculty member commentary on trump : 
what was 1950s deportation scheme ' operation wetback ? ' 
what does not work in - trump praised it without naming it : what was ' operation wetback ? ' 
trump's deportation plan for illegal immigrants is modified from ' operation wetback ' in the 50s 
trump plan echoes ' operation wetback , ' but what was it ? 
it is dedicated to lady gaga trump praised it without naming it : what was " operation wetb … 
donald trump did not mention it by name , but he was describing a 1950s program , operation … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! trump praised it without naming it : what w … 
donald trump did not mention it by name , but he was describing a 1950s program , operation wetback . here's a ... 

for spirit , frontier airlines , ' tis the season to hike bag fees 
some are adjusting their fees during the season 
in a move only the grinch would approve of , low-cost u.s. airlines hike checked bag fees during the holidays season . 
frontier airlines hike bag fees for holidays -no surprise , is the worst 
don't let or take your money this holiday season . ship your luggage ahead of time ! 
spirit , frontier airlines hike bag fees for holidays 
here's they shud get behind . put the cup down & protect my wallet ! / airlines hike fees 4 holidays . 
for ' tis the season to hike 
msnbc in a move only the grinch would approve of , low-cost u.s. airlines spirit and frontier ... 

percentage of u.s. smokers plummets nearly 20 percent in decade , cdc finds 
promising start ! percentage of us smokers plummets nearly 20% in decade , cdc finds 

marco rubio and ted cruz spar over immigration reform 
and spar over 
rt nbcnews " marco rubio and ted cruz spar over immigration reform " 

recorder has " sounds of impact " in fatal ohio plane crash , but full audio is " poor quality " 
rt nbcnews : recorder has " sounds of impact " in fatal ohio plane crash , but full audio is … 
recorder has " sounds of impact " in fatal akron plane crash , but full audio is " poor quality " 

investigators focus on weather in ohio plane crash that killed 9 

seattle's famed ' gum wall ' gets spruced up via 
seattle's famed ' gum wall ' gets spruced up via nbcnewspictures 

abigail , first named british storm , slams scotland 
abigail , the first storm ever named , hurricane-style , by the british weather agency , arrived late at night with ... 
how can any1 deny now ? 🌪🌫🌊💦🌨🌩🔥💨 
abigail , first british storm ever named , slams into scotland effects of climate change are here now not someday . 
abigail , first british storm ever named , slams into scotland with hurricane-force winds 
abigail , first british storm ever named , slams into scotland - nbc news 

