trump praised it without naming it , so what was " operation wetback ? " via 
trump praised it without naming it , so what was " operation wetback ? " via nbclati … 
rt nbcnews " trump praised it without naming it , so what was " operation wetback ? " via nbcl … " 
trump praised it without naming it , so what was " operation wetback ? " via nbclatino 

facebook's sheryl sandberg chosen to sponsor the navy's newest submarine . 
facebook’s sheryl sandberg chosen to sponsor the navy’s newest submarine . ( via 

how the u.s. is honoring american heroes on via 
how the u.s. is honoring american heroes on via 

japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! you won't be able to stop listening to thi … 
you won't be able to stop listening to this songs of 2015 mashup 
canadian dj daniel kim has released his annual mashup of popular songs from the last year .... 
it is dedicated to lady gaga you won't be able to stop listening to this songs of 2015 ma … 
you won’t be able to stop listening to this songs of 2015 mashup 
whhhaaaattt ?!?! 2 scoops of mash up this year ! 
this mashup blends all of your favorite 2015 songs 
the first end of year mash up of 2015's biggest hits is here 
check out collab talent daniel kim's latest pop danthology ! covers why he released two ! read more 
you won't be able to stop listening to this mashup of 2015's best songs 
so catchy you'll be playing it on loop all day 

facebook says governments are making more requests for personal data of its users 

you won't be able to stop listening to this mashup of 2015's best songs 
rt nbcnews " you won't be able to stop listening to this mashup of 2015's best songs " 

missouri professor quits after telling students not to ' give in to bullies ' 
missouri professor quits after telling students not to ' give in to bullies ' … 

big beer\'s 05 billion takeover deal finalized 
big beer's $105 billion takeover deal finalized 
it is dedicated to lady gaga big beer's $105 billion takeover deal finalized 
belgian brewing giant ab inbev has reached a final agreement with sabmiller over the terms of its $105 billion ... 
cheers ! big beer's $105 billion takeover deal finalized via 
well , it's official- big beer just got bigger as anheuser- busch inbev and sab miller seal the deal 
msnbc belgian brewing giant ab inbev has reached a final agreement with sabmiller over the te ... 
big beer’s $105 billion takeover deal finalized 

nation honors american heroes 
great job nbc ! happy veterans day ! 
we love you , veterans ! 
rt see how the nation honored american heroes today 📷 matt rourke https : … 
nation honors american heroes ( msnbc ) ( 1645 gmt ) 
thank you . 
happy veterans day to all our service members past and present ! thank you for your service ! here are some great ... 
to all our brave men & women whom have served in the us military we say thank you ! happy veterans day ! 
happy - a tradition that began in commemoration of the formal end to world war i on nov . 11 , 1918 . 
for all those serving today and in the past ... we thank them for their time , their sacrifice , their blood , sweat ... 
veterans are especially honored and remembered today for their service to the country , a … 
today we honor and remember the nation's heroes & veterans who have served and protected . thank you . 
how the u.s. is honoring american heroes on via 
veterans are especially honored and remembered today for their service to the country , a tradition that began in commemoration of the formal end to world war i on nov . 11 , 1918 . 

venus ' twin ? new earth-sized exoplanet found nearby 

vladimir putin says russia needs its own investigation into doping allegations 
rt nbcnews " vladimir putin says russia needs its own investigation into doping allegations " 

un meeting opens way for satellite tracking of jets 
msnbc a deal reached at a u.n. meeting on wednesday opens the way for satellite tracking of a ... 
a deal reached at a u.n. meeting on wednesday opens the way for satellite tracking of airliners . 

snow , tornadoes and thunderstorms threaten millions 

putin says russia needs own investigation into doping allegations 
putin says russia needs own probe into doping allegations 
vladimir putin said russia needs to conduct its own investigation into allegations its athletes had taken ... 
vladimir putin said russia needs to conduct its own investigation into allegations its … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! putin says russia needs own investigation … 
president vladimir putin said on wednesday russia needs to conduct its own investigation into allegations its ... 
vladimir putin says russia needs its own investigation into doping allegations 
" i ask the minister of sport and all our colleagues who are linked ... with sport to pay this issue the greatest possible attention , " putin said . 

mizzou protests sparks a new movement 
inspired by students across country bring focus to being 
inspired by mizzou protests , students across country focus on being 
" it is vital to fight against both covert and overt racism in all places of education and empowerment " ... 
inspired by mizzou protests , ithaca students rally , demand resignation 
inspired and emboldened by their peers at the university of missouri , activist students are … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! mizzou protests inspire ot … 
mizzou protests inspire others - 
rt mizzou protests inspire others : inspired and emboldened by their peers at the university of mi ... … 
mizzou protests inspire others liveleakfun → 
inspired and emboldened by their peers at the university of missouri , activist students are following suit across ... 
the movement spreads . 
inspired by mizzou protests , students across the country discuss being 

facebook says governments are making more requests for user data 
facebook says governments around the world are making more requests for user data 
i appreciate how transparent facebook remains in the face of large governments : 
are governments making requests for your data ? 
governments around the world are increasingly asking facebook to cough up personal data on its users . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! governments requesting more user data from … 
governments requesting more user data from facebook 
governments requesting more user data from facebook liveleakfun → 
facebook says governments are making more requests for personal data of its users 

venus ' twin ? new earth-sized exoplanet gj 1132b found in our neighborhood 
a rocky earth-size exoplanet has been discovered in our galactic neighborhood . 
venus ' twin ? new earth-sized exoplanet found nearby 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! venus ' twin ? new earth-sized exoplanet fou … 
there's a new rocky earth-size exoplanet on our galactic block , and it's a sizzler . 
venus ' twin ? new earth-sized gj 1132b found in our neighborhood 
new earth-sized exoplanet gj 1132b found in our galactic neighborhood 
is the newest addition to exoplanets discovered . a small rocky earth-sized planet that is in a tight ... 

big beer's $105 billion takeover deal finalized 

video shows virginia man tased , shackled before dying in police custody 
video shows virginia man tased , shackled before dying in police custody ,,, question why was he running after ... 
- unlike tuskaloosa & wht victims , police brutality 4blk usually ends up with the death of brutalized victim ! 
video shows man tased 20x's shackled before dying in police custody 
video shows man tased , shackled before dying in police custody via 
unarmed virginia man tased , dies in police custody 
this young black man was handcuffed yet leaped out of the cruiser and ran into the hospital door . he never got ... 
why is it : we're going to take you for a little ride means you''ll die in police custody ? via 
newly-obtained video shows man tased , shackled before dying in police custody 
video of tased by cops , aka before dying in police custody via 
why do you undervalue , underestimate and marginalize our lives so , we didn't enslave anyone , drop an a bomb on ... 
are we people from virginia surprised ? nope ! 
the death of linwood lambert while he was in police custody in may 2013 has led to a new investigation , including ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! unarmed virginia man tased , dies in police … 
rt video shows virginia man tased , shackled before dying in police custody - nbc news 
when officers put linwood lambert in a squad car around 5 a.m. , they told him they were taking him to an er for ... 
the death of linwood lambert while he was in police custody in may 2013 has led to a new … 
video shows virginia man tased and shackled before dying in police custody 

spirit , frontier airlines bring back baggage surcharge for holidays 
“ spirit , frontier airlines bring back baggage surcharge for holidays ” 

' november witch ' brews nasty weather over nation's midsection 
' november witch ' brews nasty weather over nation's midsection : the " november witch " is what meteoro ... 
the " november witch " is what meteorologists call the powerful low-pressure weather system … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ' november witch ' brews nasty weather over … 
' the phenomenon — which is brewed up when intense low pressure clashes with a pocket of high pressure — is what ... 
the " november witch " is what meteorologists call the powerful low-pressure weather system that's expected to sock ... 
a weather system known as the " witch of november " will hit the upper midwest and ohio valley 

video shows virginia man tased and shackled before dying in police custody 
rt smh “ video shows virginia man tased and shackled before dying in police custody … 

kitty covered in dried concrete found alive in trash bin - nbc news 
kitty covered in dried concrete found alive in trash bin vía 
kitty covered in dried concrete found alive in trash bin ( msnbc ) ( 1106 gmt ) 
kitty covered in dried concrete found alive in trash bin : a north dakota construction worker finds kitten cove ... 
dtn usa : kitty covered in dried concrete found alive in trash bin : a north dakota construction worker finds ki ... 
a kitty cat covered in dried concrete and discovered in a trash bin is alive . 
kitty covered in concrete found alive in trash bin 
a north dakota construction worker finds kitten covered in dried concrete and paint inside garbage bin . kvly's nicole johnson reports . 

why facebook's sheryl sandberg will christen a new navy submarine - 
facebook's sheryl sandberg is christening a new navy sub 
facebook's sheryl sandberg chosen to sponsor the navy's newest submarine . 
the u.s. navy has made an unconventional choice to sponsor its newest submarine : facebook's chief operating officer . 

mizzou reportedly rejects resignation of professor who offered to quit after " bullies " email 
nbcnews : mizzou reportedly rejects resignation of professor who offered to quit after " bullies " email … 

weather a focus in akron , ohio , plane crash that killed nine 
weather a focus in ohio plane crash that killed nine 
a focus in akron , crash that killed nine nbcnews 
federal investigators say the pilot appeared to make no distress call before the jet veered … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! weather a focus in ohio plane crash that k … 
federal investigators say the pilot appeared to make no distress call before the jet veered left , clipped power ... 
investigators focus on weather in ohio plane crash that killed 9 

kitty covered in concrete found alive in trash bin 

un meeting opens way for satellite tracking of jets 

snow , tornadoes , thunderstorms threaten millions 
im not ready ... !!!! & it was so beautiful today i wore shorts ... smh 
snow , twisters , thunderstorms threaten millions - 
snow , tornadoes , thunderstorms threaten up to 60 million : 
threaten millions - a powerful system of storms churned across the rocky ... 
powerful system of storms churning into midwest , bringing snow and possibly tornadoes . 
winter is coming . harsh weather today : blizzard conditions in denver . road closures , power outage in reno snow storm 
. another example of the effects . 
snow , twisters , thunderstorms threaten up to 60 million - up to 60 million americans were facing the threat of ... 
tornadoes , thunderstorms threaten millions via 
powerful system of storms churning into midwest , bringing snow and possibly tornadoes . … 
first storm of the year hit colorado , ensure your greatest investment is protected- your home ! 
rt snow , twisters and thunderstorms threaten up to 60 million in the u.s. : 
winter is well on its way . 
' major winter storm , snow , tornadoes , thunder storms threaten 60 million ' ( cont ) 
snow , tornadoes and thunderstorms threaten millions 
the rocky mountains and the midwest could see their first proper snow of the season . 

inspired by mizzou protests , students across the country discuss being 
nbcnews : inspired by mizzou protests , students across the country discuss being … 

a weather system known as the " witch of november " will hit the upper midwest and ohio valley 
rt nbcnews " a weather system known as the " witch of november " will hit the upper midwest and ohio valley … " 

rt another professor forced to resign after telling students to show up for class ! https://… 
missouri professor resigns following email about campus ' bullies ' : 
missouri professor's resignation for email about ' bullies ' may be rejected - 
professor resigns after telling students not to let ' bullies ' win ! 
mizzou prof's resignation for ' bullies ' note may be rejected - 
latest example why should just be shut down and a put in its place . 
u- reported to have rejected professor dale brigham's resignation . 
i guess asking students to come to class and take exams constitutes a " hostile environment " ... 
fyi : a hand-drawn diploma is now more valuable than your one . … 
rt professor resigns for teaching kids not to give in to bully's 
rt professor resigns after telling students not to let ' bullies ' win ! 
va tech knew a murderer was loose & didn't cancel class . chased out a guy for not canceling his over a lie . 
rt mizzou professor quits after ' don't let bullies win ' email - professor dale brigham incited a backlash after te ... https : … 
rt i agree with the professor . if you give in to then they win ! 
racial turmoil continues at mizzou , with a professor resigning over a decision to hold a test : 
missouri professor quits after telling students not to ' give in to bullies ' 
professor dale brigham incited a backlash after telling his students , " the only way bullies are defeated is by standing up to them . " 

trump praised it without naming it : what was " operation wetback ? " 
it is dedicated to lady gaga trump praised it without naming it : what was " operation wetb … 
donald trump did not mention it by name , but he was describing a 1950s program , operation … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! trump praised it without naming it : what w … 
donald trump did not mention it by name , but he was describing a 1950s program , operation wetback . here's a ... 
trump praised it without naming it , so what was " operation wetback ? " via 

investigators focus on weather in ohio plane crash that killed 9 
nbcnews : investigators focus on weather in ohio plane crash that killed 9 

spirit , frontier airlines hike bag fees for holidays 
for spirit , frontier airlines , ' tis the season to hike bag fees 
msnbc in a move only the grinch would approve of , low-cost u.s. airlines spirit and frontier ... 
spirit , frontier airlines bring back baggage surcharge for holidays 
in a move only the grinch would approve of , low-cost u.s. airlines spirit and frontier are now hiking checked bag fees during the holidays and other p 

