spicy lentil and sweet potato stew with chipotles 

dishes for your diwali celebration 

cultural shifts , economic factors keeping millennial women at home with parents in numbers not seen since 1940 . 
more young women waiting to leave home 
more young women waiting to leave home : cultural shifts and economic factors are keeping millennial women home ... 
more young women waiting to leave home | ny times 
wow , more young u.s. women are living at home than were in 1940 . 
student debt & high rents burdening young women 
more women 18- 34 live with their parents than ever in history . check out the reasons . 
cultural shifts and economic factors are keeping millennial women home in numbers not seen since 1940 , an anal ... 
millennial women are living at home with parents in numbers not seen since 1940 , census bureau data suggests 

to helicopter parents everywhere 
" when a child’s project shows a parental hand at work " 
what are your thoughts : when a childs project shows a parental hand at work 
when a child & project shows a parental hand at work 
when a child's project shows a parental hand at work 
ta should praise the work of ss who do their own work . " i like how ian did this all by himself . " 
i propose a truce : if parents will keep their hands off kids ' projects , teachers will grade them as kids ' projects . 
when parents help w/ kid's school projects : new paren t-t eacher conference post by 
guilty-well , to an extent ... always their ideas-i only help ... i swear . when a child's project shows a parental hand 
motherlode blog : when a child’s project shows a … 
new article via motherlode 

need an idea for dinner ? try this spicy lentil and sweet potato stew with chipotles 
rt rt nytimes : need an idea for dinner ? try this spicy lentil and sweet potato stew with … 

106 indictments handed down in waco twin peaks biker shootout 
106 indictments handed down in waco twin peaks … 
a deadly shootout in texas resulted in more than 100 felony indictments , and prosecutors say more are likely as the investigation continues . 

apple wants to own your living room . these apps for apple tv show what that might look like 

republican debate on fox business draws 13.5 million 
gop debate on fox business drew 13.5 million viewers -180 times the size of its average daytime viewership of 75,000 
tuesday’s g.o.p. debate was the first ever for fox business and one of its biggest moments since its start in 2007 . 
gop debate on fox business draws 13.5 million , largest audience in its 8-year history 
tuesday’s debate was a high point for fox business network , which worked to distinguish it from the previous debate on cnbc . 

playing to the strengths of the new 
video feature : playing to the strengths of the new apple tv - new york times 
rt playing to the strengths of the new 
rt markand222 app smart : video feature : playing ... via nytimes | … 
apple wants to own your living room . these apps for apple tv show what that might look like 
gaming , shopping , video and utility apps that have the potential to make your television truly “ smart . ” 

106 indictments handed down in waco twin peaks biker shootout 
nytimes : 106 indictments handed down in waco twin peaks biker shootout 

when they couldn't make money making solar panels , they decided to make diamonds 
rt nytimes : when they couldn't make money making solar panels , they decided to make diamo … 
rt when they couldn't make money making solar panels , they decided to make diamo … 
nytimes : when they couldn't make money making solar panels , they decided to make diamonds 

a girl applied makeup before performing at the cricket all stars event on saturday ( via 
rt the new york city marathon , as seen from the rooftop of a manhattan highrise ( via … 

leaves fall off the trees and the sun sets before 5 pm : cuffing season is upon us 
leaves fall off the trees & the sun sets before 5 : cuffing season is upon us 
nytimes : leaves fall off the trees and the sun sets before 5 pm : cuffing season is upon us 

a girl applied makeup before performing at the cricket all stars event on saturday ( via 
rt jascapital2 : nytimes : a girl applied makeup before performing at the cricket all stars … 
rt jtoddles : rt nytimes : a girl applied makeup before performing at the cricket all stars … 
nytimes : a girl applied makeup before performing at the cricket all stars event on saturday ( via … 
a girl applied makeup before performing at the cricket all stars event on saturday … 
rt nytimes : a girl applied makeup before performing at the cricket all stars event on sat … 

shia decided to let people watch him watch himself . 
shia labeouf offers view of himself viewing his movies 
shia labeouf is an odd duck sometimes , but i think this is kind of awesome 
bonus : " shia labeouf " pronouncer in this piece . 
hilarious 
holy f*** ! want to pinpoint the moment humanity went into decline ? it's watching shia labeouf watching his 27 movies 
so what time do i have to get there to watch the even stevens movie w him ?? 
what a world . 
wonder will the audience count the number of times says " no " during this ? 
james franco's got nothing on crazyboy shia ... 
ayyyy get that oblique reference in the new york times 
mr. labeouf , an actor known for his erratic behavior , invited the public to watch all 27 of his f ... via 
rt the most important unanswered q i have about shia labeouf's why is he wearing so many layers indoors ? https : … 
controversial performance artist shia " where's the beef " labeouf continues his descent into madness w/ 
mr. labeouf , an actor known for his erratic behavior , invited the public to watch all 27 of his films consecutively with him at the angelika film center . 

it's the time of year when temperatures drop and having someone to cuddle becomes a priority 
cuffing season is here : till spring do us part 
the new york times did a piece on cuffing season . this is not a joke . this is real life 
" people are constantly in search of a significant other . the weather only increases it . " 
i can't believe someone that isn't part of urban dictionary wrote this 
as we approach cuffing season , a reminder that some white ppl don’t get it ( read the comments for more shenanigans ): 
wrote about cuffing season . still on for this year ? 
the best part of this is " you can't cuff without me ! we cuff together ! " lmao 
cuffing season is now dead 
" the rapper fabolous popularized the term with his 2013 track ' cuffin season . '" 
this piece is a gem . haha . 
going to link to this on my tinder 
can we ave anything 
breaks down " cuffing season " and climate change 
the nyt just wrote about how climate change might affect cuffing season so the rest of us can all go home now 
i always thought it was spring when young man's fancy turned to thoughts of love . 
oh god i read this headline the other day and assumed it was about pants how did i get so old so fast 
rt dawg . rt ... temperatures drop and having someone to cuddle becomes a priority … 
do you hear that sound ? it's the styles siren 
so ... the new york times has just now learned of cuffing season 
right now , the biggest threat to cuffing season may be the unseasonably warm weather ( i ... just .... ) 
leaves fall off the trees and the sun sets before 5 pm : cuffing season is upon us 
it’s the time of the year when temperatures drop , going outside becomes a hassle , and having someone to snuggle with becomes a priority . 

so many options so little time ! 
a collection of recipes to celebrate the festival of lights 
will be making the spicy south indian cauliflower tonight recipes for your diwali celebration 
dishes for your diwali celebration 

shia labeouf offers view of himself viewing his movies 
the nyc shia labeouf movie marathon is shaping up to be the clock of 2015 
shia labeouf offers view of himself viewing his movies via 
nytimes : shia labeouf offers view of himself viewing his movies 

is fat stigma making us miserable ? 
rt is fat stigma making us miserable ? 
is fat stigma making us miserable ? via 
well : is fat physical object making us miserable ? 
is stigma making us miserable ? via 
fat stigma has a much bigger impact on health than fatness itself : 
rebecca puhl " the stigma and shame so common in our society do not motivate people to lose weight " 
the teasing , judgment and unsolicited advice directed at overweight people may cause the gr ... 
is not a or plan . fight to encourage healthy behaviors and improve 
on fat stigma : 
rt the teasing , judgment and unsolicited advice directed at overweight people may cause the gr ... https … 
it's not the weight that's making people miserable . it's the treatment they face 

borrowing from solar and chip tech to make diamonds faster and cheaper 
borrowing from solar and chip tech to make diamonds faster and cheaper see more 
excited that i'm collaborating with the diamond foundry ! 
oh yeah , no more big boom to make artifical diamonds ! 
borrowing from solar and chip tech to make faster and cheaper 
when they couldn't make money making solar panels , they decided to make diamonds 
a group of engineers and scientists will announce that it has developed an approach to making diamonds that uses technology derived in part from making silicon chips and solar cells . 

