dishes for your diwali celebration 

thank you nyt 
60 legs later , a bulldog has a record via 
go dawg go !! 
this made my week via 
this one has written all over it : 60 legs later , a bulldog has a record via 
this will put a smile on your face : via 
watch otto the bulldog break a guinness world record on a skateboard 

one bouquet of fleeting beauty , please 
w/ more floral orders being placed w/out speaking , wonder if notes have become more personal/honest/silly/heartfelt . 
life is short : send flowers 
" how startlingly beautiful impermanence can be . " 
buying flowers-one of my favorite rituals-as i wait for others to buy them for me-bouquet of fleeting beauty , please 
" why do we send flowers ? to make up for what is intangible ? " modern love essays get me every time 
this was nice : 
this is modern love at its best : tender , poignant , beautifully written , a reminder that strangers can be magical . 
florists are the new therapists : 
in this week's modern love , alisha gorder tries to hold on to fleeting beauty - 
a beautiful essay on the fleeting impermanence of life , and flowers . 
but this sweet modern love essay restores my faith in humanity more broadly ! 
" people buy flowers when they’re in love , in trouble , drunk , devastated , excited & sometimes for no obvious reason . " 
people buy flowers when they’re in love , in trouble , drunk , devastated , excited and sometimes for no obvious reason . a former florist shares lessons learned from work and a loss of her own . 

a girl applied makeup before performing at the cricket all stars event on saturday ( via " 
rt jascapital2 : nytimes : a girl applied makeup before performing at the cricket all stars … 
rt jtoddles : rt nytimes : a girl applied makeup before performing at the cricket all stars … 
a girl applied makeup before performing at the cricket all stars event on saturday … 
rt nytimes : a girl applied makeup before performing at the cricket all stars event on sat … 

charge against 8-year-old ( aft 6 kids under 8yrs left unsupervised w/ 
a community that is compelled to charge an 8 year old with murder has failed as a community . 
‘ no easy answers ’ in murder charge against 8-year-old 
rt an 8-year-old suspect , a 1-year-old victim and a prosecution for murder in alabama . 
hard thing for law enforcement/prosecutors to realize that kids are different : murder charge against 8-year-old 
for the kids . 
rt an 8-year-old boy was charged with murder in alabama , a state with a history as a juvenile justice battleground . … 
" a community that is compelled to charge an 8 year old w/ murder has failed , " one reader wrote . 
rt boy , 8 , charged with murder in to the d.a. who says it’s the only way to get him services : no . … 
our broken system : by charging al 8 yro with murder , he can receive state help 
if charged , a 8-year-old will be " among the youngest children ever charged with murder in the united states " 
boy , 8 , charged with murder in to the d.a. who says it’s the only way to get him services : no . via 
this case brings to light problems in our judicial system regarding the sentencing of juveniles 
an 8-year-old in alabama is charged with murder in the killing of a 1-year-old 
what do you do when a murder suspect is 8 yrs old ? : on the conundrum : 
the charges against a boy in the killing of a 1-year-old girl in alabama prompted questions about juvenile justice … 
an 8-year-old was charged in the killing of a 1-year-old girl in alabama , raising questions about juvenile justice 
the charges against a boy in the killing of a 1-year-old girl in alabama prompted questions about juvenile justice and how the authorities should approach these rare cases . 

the secrets in greenland’s ice sheets 
why the poles are not so far away , grab a beer and read this 
a well-written piece highlighting the potential rate , magnitude , & consequences of ice sheet melt & sea level rise . 
the secrets in greenland's ice sheets - new york times 
what greenland's glaciers might tell us about climate change : via 
just 5 or 10 ft of sea-level rise from melting icebergs could likely drown ny or new orleans by jon gertner 
the future issue : the secrets in ice sheets 
by studying greenland's ice sheets , scientists hope to determine whether it’s too late to respond to climate change 
by studying the largest glaciers on earth , scientists hope to determine whether we’ll have time to respond to climate change or whether it’s already too late . 

the teasing , judgment & unsolicited advice directed at overweight people can cause the greatest psychological harm 
the nyt ran a piece about how " judgment and unsolicited advice " aimed @ fat people causes real psychological harm : 
does not motivate . it increases and hatred . fat stigma making us miserable ? 
is fat stigma making us miserable ? : 
rt fat stigma has a much bigger impact on health than fatness itself : 
is making us miserable ? via 
how might be impacting people ? some negative results and implications are discussed . 
is weight stigma making us miserable ? 
fat stigma intensified after 9/11 when americans ’ vulnerability translated into more animosity toward the fat body : 
" being overweight doesn’t necessarily make a person distraught , it’s the teasing , judgment and unsolicited advice ... 
rt is not a or plan . fight to encourage healthy behaviors and improve … 
“ messages that shame , blame and stigmatize people about their weight have a negative impact and interfere with ... 
sarah domoff : negative stereotypes of fat people are reinforced in entertainment media 
ny times article explains why being overweight doesn't make you depresssed , a fat shaming society does . 
stop playing with people's emotions . start learning how to take charge of our physical environment . 
wanting to avoid stigma leads some overweight people to avoid screenings and preventive health care , says study 
being overweight doesn't make people miserable- it's the teasing and fat stigma via 
fat shaming , not being fat , makes people miserable . plus it is actually demotivating 
however , i see some men feeling optimistic . 

spicy lentil and sweet potato stew with chipotles 
and sweet potato stew make it a day ahead & heat in less than 10min 
and sweet potato with with chipotles by martha rose shulman 💃 

las noticias internacionales uterus transplants may soon help some infertile wo … see more 
top story : uterus transplants may soon help some infertile women in the u.s. be … see more 
rt a woman with no uterus might still be able to have a baby , via a transplant . 
uterus transplants may soon help some infertile women in the u.s. become pregnant 
transplants may help get 
doctors at cleveland clinic are trying to be the 1st to help infertile women get pregnant with uterus transplants . 
uterus transplants may soon help some infertile women in the u.s. bec … see more 
rt special report : uterus transplants may soon help infertile women in the u.s. become pregnant 
uterus transplants ? whatever . but cleveland clinic should have its non-profit status revoked . 
uterus transplants next : ovaries but no uterus — a syndrome that affects about 1 in 4,500 newborn girls . 
advances in medicine may make pregnancy possible for women without a uterus 
dr falcone and hard at work uterus transplants may soon help some women have babies . 
this seems like a bad idea . 
for women without a uterus , a transplant may make pregnancy possible 
surgeons at the cleveland clinic are set to become the first in the united states to transplant a uterus . 

cries to her music , too 
' s songs make us cry , but they bring tears to her eyes also . here's the story behind her album , 
even adele cries to her own music guys .. 
love that adele's not exposing her child to media , love that she's not taking endorsements ! adele cries to her music 
rt . is keeping it real in a new interview with the btw ? she cries to her music , too : … 
" that’s how i know that i’ve written a good song for myself ... when i start crying . " ~ 
adele recalls when she was 25 
here's the article that has the quote in it : 
! is featured on new york times ! 
this : adele " i don’t want to water myself down . i want to make something . i don’t want to be the face of anything . " 
all about adele ... 
oh , no . adele's new album has a song about her child . those are never good . let's ban children . 
if adele's songs make her cry , no wonder there is no hope for the rest of us . 
" the story , in many songs on ' 25 , ' is about what to hold on to from the past and what to let go . " 
is back with a new perspective on life , love and her music 
adele mostly maintained a public silence while recording “ 25 . " then " hello " dropped . 
the british singer discusses the challenge of following up the success of “ 21 , ” how motherhood has changed her and why she avoids being a celebrity . 

106 indictments handed down in waco twin peaks biker shootout 
nytimes : 106 indictments handed down in waco twin peaks biker shootout 

when they couldn't make money making solar panels , they decided to make diamonds 
rt nytimes : when they couldn't make money making solar panels , they decided to make diamo … 
rt when they couldn't make money making solar panels , they decided to make diamo … 

leaves fall off the trees and the sun sets before 5 pm : cuffing season is upon us 
leaves fall off the trees & the sun sets before 5 : cuffing season is upon us 
nytimes : leaves fall off the trees and the sun sets before 5 pm : cuffing season is upon us 

republican debate on fox business draws 13.5 million 
emily steel 
. sets new ratings high with gop debate . 

shia labeouf offers view of himself viewing his movies 
the greatest to ever do it 
mr. labeouf , an actor known for his erratic behavior , invited the public to watch all 27 of his films consecutivel … 
what's worse ? watching a shia labeouf movie or watching shia labeouf watch a shia labeouf movie ? 
i'm actually a little intrigued ...... 
shia labeouf live streams himself , watching all of his movies in reverse order 
shia is a true artist . it's his world and we're all just livin ' in it . 
shia labeouf is weird 
that is brilliant lol : shia labeouf offers streams himself viewing his movies 
" this behavior could be many things , from a nervous breakdown to mere youthful recklessness , ” said james franco 
shia decided to let people watch him watch himself . 
shia labeouf is an odd duck sometimes , but i think this is kind of awesome 
bonus : " shia labeouf " pronouncer in this piece . 
hilarious 
holy f*** ! want to pinpoint the moment humanity went into decline ? it's watching shia labeouf watching his 27 movies 

rt regulators urge broader health networks 
with rising temperatures and tides , these islands in the bay of bengal are vanishing 
a criminal record and a fair shot at a job - 
pet peeve : when a child’s project shows a parental hand at work - 
rt online attacks on infrastructure are increasing at a worrying pace - via http : … 
cuomo signs 2 bills to speed up medical marijuana distribution - 
news analysis : myanmar generals set the stage for their own exit 
in swan song , arne duncan extols school progress under his tenure ( 
new york times : : 
one bouquet of fleeting beauty , please - 
obama legacy in state offices : a shrinking democratic share - 
rt saudi blogger raif badawi gets sakharov prize , top e.u. human rights award seriously ? how about getting … 
yep . extreme study abroad : the world is their campus - 
racial discrimination protests ignite at colleges across the u.s. - 
great piece : even famous female economists get no respect - 
the house that julia built - fine feature article . 
serbia to give $5.4 million to bosnian town , site of 1995 massacre - 
your evening briefing via 
travel deals 
adele cries to her music , too - 
immigration fight boils over as ted cruz and marco rubio battle ( 
obama should let fossil fuels lie - : cancel leasing federal lands 
nothing but sex on sale!!!!!!!'nwhat victoria’s secret has to teach us about fashion - 
t-mobile video plan could test f . c . c . ’ s new net neutrality rules - 
the next internet ? delivered as easy as - 🍕🍕🍕 
any paris climate deal must be legally binding , french leader says - 
rt lessons in end-of-life care from the v.a. - 
artsbeat : lupone and ebersole to star in new musical , ‘ war paint ’ ( 
public housing in us may be subject to smoking ban - 
a global academy’s crash course makes angels out of investors ( 
lawmakers ask for information about online lenders ( 
the third trail - 
indianapolis pastor's wife died of gunshot wound to head - 
fusions , acquisitions , de capital-risque , les hedge funds : dealbook blog : le new york times 
mergers , acquisitions , venture capital , hedge funds - dealbook blog - - the new york times 
rt how period trackers have changed girl culture - 
rt kurdish forces retake strategic highway in iraq’s north from isis - 
republican voters slowly begin to rally around candidates - 
thewritinggenie : : 
breaking news , world news & multimedia 
nytimes : : 
new york times books : 
uterus transplants may soon help some infertile women in the u.s. become pregnant - 
rt new york times : : 
psychiatry’s mind-brain problem - via 
hot books : : 
rt lawsuit accuses brooklyn charter school of failing to provide special education services - … 
a mother’s hoarding , a daughter’s art - 
rare 
home health aide becomes a guardian and , he hopes , a father - 

congrats on the diamond foundry launch ! very exciting -- real , ethical , sustainable diamonds grown in ca 
read about our investment in cultured pretty obvious ;-) 
borrowing from solar and chip tech to make diamonds faster and cheaper 
love is going to be different -- now diamonds will be forever and will also be cheaper . love it . 
always good to know ... especially coming into the holiday season ! 
faster/cheaper ... maybe . but just another vapor deposition diamond company . 
similar to the way a pearl is cultured , too ! borrowing from solar and chip tech to make diamonds faster and cheaper 
borrowing from and chip to make faster and cheaper 
borrowing from and chip tech to make faster and cheaper 
borrowing from & chip tech to make faster&cheaper using technique known as chemical vapor deposition 
because nothing says ' i love you ' like chemical vapor deposition . 
" borrowing from and to make faster and cheaper . " 
congrats to my pal for revolutionizing the diamond biz ! borrowing from solar & chip tech to make diamonds 
cultured diamonds aren't a girl's best friend , just ask gemesis & apollo . using solar/chip tech to make diamonds 
woah . growing diamonds in plasma at 150x current speeds . 
and not a application . this is an important question that an innovative business must ask . if … 
using solar+chip tech 2 make diamonds faster+ cheaper on silicon valley's disruption of diamond biz . 
real diamonds made cheaper , faster ? a firm backed by billionaires , leo dicaprio say they figured it out via 
cut , color , clarity , creativity historically , " a girl's best friend " 
a good article on diamond foundry : 
top story : borrowing from solar and chip tech to make diamonds faster and cheap … see more 
diamonds look nice , but i predict higher-quality manufactured diamonds should deflate artificially high prices . 
click share in minute info-technews popping linksexploaded under the rainbow !! follow li … 

more young women waiting to leave home 
percent young adults living w/ parents near depression levels . maybe we haven't built enough places for them to live 
more young women ages 18-34 waiting to leave home ( though still less women than men , interestingly ): 
percentage of 18-35 women living at home hitting 1940 levels !? (%- wise , men even higher ) 
36.4% of women ages 18 to 34 lived with their family in 2014 , topping the previous peak , 36.2% in 1940 
more young waiting to leave home 
why do so many young women wait to leave home ? 
truth --> " i don’t have to buy the toilet paper , and that’s what being adult is . " 
more to 
cultural shifts and economic factors are keeping millennial women home in numbers not seen since 1940 
" according to dr. fry’s analysis , 36.4 percent of women ages 18 to 34 lived with their family in 2014 , topping ... 
this quote 
more waiting to leave home 
36% of women & 43% of men 18-34 lived at home with their family in 2014 that figure seems so high to me 
rt patterns of dispersal at sexual maturity change in the us : 18-34 yos living w/parents longer 

for women without a uterus , a transplant may make pregnancy possible 
nytimes : for women without a uterus , a transplant may make pregnancy possible 

106 indictments handed down in waco twin peaks biker shootout 
how many ham sandwiches did the waco grand jury indict ? 
what's happening to the bikers in waco is literally an extra-legal police-state conspiracy . its time to look closer . 
today in white people who shot at other people : " i didn't do anything ! " 
106 felony indictments handed down in the today . 
106 indictments handed down in waco twin peaks … 

the dream life of 
must read ... 
driverless cars have much to teach us about how to look at the cities we live in . 
great nyt magazine article on visualizing what autonomous vehicles see : 
london as seen by lidar-equipped car , via 
autonomous vehicles might remain an expensive novelty , or they might utterly transform society . either way , they hav … 
i can't wait for driverless cars to become the norm 
this is how driverless cars see the city of [ video ] 
eye opening ! 
humans are not the only things sensing and experiencing the modern landscape — something else is here 
rt i've written about driverless cars for the feat . new images by … 
a dreamlike work-of-art was born when hacked a lidar from a driverless car . 
" ... cities to be redesigned , or mutate over time , to accommodate a car’s way of experiencing the built environment . " 
here before we know it ... we need to start training people to design cities and roads with these in mind now ! 
" the very unlikely will happen all the time . " 
futurist visions : what self-driving cars " see " 
ever wondered what driverless cars see ? when they're in sleep mode do driverless cars dream of the sights they saw ? 
what is it like to see like a car ? 
the arctic circle took shape in their hard drives as overlapping labyrinths on the verge of illegibility 🔥 
the dream of 
rt " perhaps we can also learn something from the delusions and hallucinations of sensing machines . " 
smart and not-so-smart driverless cars 
computational romanticism by → & on → 
the driverless car explained especially , how does it avoid hitting people or buildings ? 
driverless cars might remain an expensive novelty , or they might utterly transform society 
autonomous vehicles might remain an expensive novelty , or they might utterly transform society . either way , they have much to teach us about how to look at the cities we live in . 

when a child's project shows a parental hand at work 
well stated . 
loved this ! when a child's project shows a parental hand at work 
when did it become an act of parental dereliction to let a kid turn in work that looks like a kid's work ? 
a child & project shows a parental hand at work 
“ a bit of help from parents , ” is " what children understand as cheating . " 
when a child’s project shows a parental hand at work 
hands off your kids ' projects ! wishing all parents would heed this smart advice . via 
“ [ t]he sheer perfection of the poster telegraphed what [ we ] politely refer to as ' a bit of help from parents , '" 
parents , stop meddling in your children's school work and projects ! " if parents will agree to stop mucking about ... 
when does a parent become " too involved " in student project work ? 
this is so true ! have projects completed in class and worksheets done at home . children's creativity , not parental in … 
did you make that posterboard biography of walt disney , or did your kid ? 
my dad did all my art projects . 🙄 when a child'sproject shows a parental hand at work 
when children's projects show a parental hand at work been guilty now commited 

everyone is upset , or not upset , about christmas ads already 
’ tis the season for outrage about christmas 
the christmas anger season gets an early start 
christmas controversies aplenty : and it's only nov . 12 
the fight over the “ war on christmas ” starts earlier every year . 

christmas controversies aplenty : and it's only nov . 12 

rt hashtag convenes a twitter debate on race ; 65,000 tweets and growing 
how convened a twitter debate on race 
" how convened a twitter debate on as white privileged microagression to be tolerated . 
spurred by events at the university of missouri , social media users in the united states broadened the discussion of race relations at colleges and universities . 

need an idea for dinner ? try this spicy lentil and sweet potato stew with chipotles 
rt rt nytimes : need an idea for dinner ? try this spicy lentil and sweet potato stew with … 

interesting .. nytimes has a selection of " recipes for your diwali celebration 
interesting .. has a selection of " recipes for your diwali celebration 
so many options so little time ! 
a collection of recipes to celebrate the festival of lights 
will be making the spicy south indian cauliflower tonight recipes for your diwali celebration 

shia labeouf offers view of himself viewing his movies 
the nyc shia labeouf movie marathon is shaping up to be the clock of 2015 

watch otto the bulldog break a guinness world record on a skateboard 

in a new " star wars " exhibition in new york , it's all about the costumes 

a tinder turn toward the indifferent 
a tinder turn toward the indifferent - plus : a dress doused in red wine ; concerns over vegan-only dieta ... 
hot in fashion : a tinder turn toward the indifferent see more 
a tinder turn toward the indifferent - new york times : a tinder turn toward the indifferentnew york timesgood ... 
nytfashionandstyle : plus : a dress doused in red wine ; concerns over vegan-only dietary demands ... 
plus : a dress doused in red wine ; concerns over vegan-only dietary demands ; and respecting ... 

the force is with us : the times reviews our exhibit at discovery times square . 
exposure '' star wars costume and power '' in this monday inspired by the original garments of the previous films 
in ‘ star wars and the power of costume , ’ you are what you wear 
in ' object abstractions and the power of whole , ' you are what you wear 
in ' star wars and the power of costume , ' you are what you wear - new york times 
an exhibition opening in times square drives home how the costumes made each character indelible . 
in a new " star wars " exhibition in new york , it's all about the costumes 

playing to the strengths of the new apple tv 
shopping , video and utility that have the potential to make your tv truly " smart " . | 
video feature : playing to the strength 

how convened a twitter debate on race 
ebagslolz : rt nytimes : how convened a twitter debate on race 
joleonbusby : rt nytimes : how convened a twitter debate on race 

with rising temperatures and tides , these islands in the bay of bengal are vanishing 
nytimes : with rising temperatures and tides , these islands in the bay of bengal are vanishing … 

cuffing season is here : till spring do us part 
you learn something everyday . 
but for real what is this 
science says " cuffing season " is a thing . check out this article . 
we don't have cuffing season where i'm from 
“ a change in temperature or weather forces people to re-evaluate their friendships . " cuffing season 
code red : under threat as climate change ruins our love lives : 
never heard the term " cuffing " but i've seen this happen in real life . 
cuffing season is here . find someone to listen to podcasts with you all winter . via 
rt the new york times did a piece on cuffing season . this is not a joke . this is real life 

driverless cars might remain an expensive novelty , or they might utterly transform society 
nytimes : driverless cars might remain an expensive novelty , or they might utterly transform society … 

apple wants to own your living room . these apps for apple tv show what that might look like 

adele mostly maintained a public silence while recording “ 25 . " then " hello " dropped . 
nytimes : adele mostly maintained a public silence while recording “ 25 . " then " hello " dropped . … 

