enlightened and horrified by series the outlaw ocean . another nyt example of journalism at its finest 
illegal manning agencies trick maritime workers 
rt 40 miles offshore in sibuyan sea , fishermen told their trafficking stories . 
rt missionblue : illegal manning agencies trick maritime workers 
tricked and indebted on land , abused or abandoned at sea 
rt eril andrade left the philippines to earn money on a fishing boat . he returned in a coffin . https … 
" tricked and indebted on land , abused or abandoned at sea " by ian urbina via nyt world via 
rt death , debt and recruitment trickery . a story about human trafficking in the maritime world . https : … 
the latest heart-rending article on trafficking and abuse of fishing crews from for 
this is what happens to our " modern heroes " . a must read > tricked & indebted on land , abused or abandoned at sea 
another heartbreaking story from on abuse & death of fishermen on taiwanese tuna boats : 
rt cadaver returns from sea , missing organs , slashed , to a village full of trafficking stories . https : … 
another gripping piece on misery , crime & illegal labor recruitment on fishing vessels . 
labor agencies trick filipinos into jobs on fishing vessels with bad safety & rights record 
the ( ill)legal lives of ships , like a radioactive half-life it still contaminates labour mvmnts . 
what is happening is that too many maritimers are graduating . in the us for speciality professions we keep a tight g … 
rt ian_urbina : 40 miles offshore in sibuyan sea , fishermen told their trafficking stories . … 
what a tragedy . suffering in the land , and the sea . 
trickery , violence , shame : all are used to recruit , entrap and leave men at sea in harsh conditions 
illegal “ manning agencies ” trick villagers in the philippines with false promises of high wages and send them to ships notorious for poor safety and labor records . 

breaking news : modigliani’s “ nu couché " was sold for $170.4 million , the second-highest price paid at auction 
with $170.4 million sale at auction , modigliani work joins rarefied nine-figure club 
the price tag for the single work was a far cry from the roughly $ 4,700 in today’s dollars that modigliani sought for the entire contents of his paris studio in 1918-19 . 

. didn't top broadway box office because of he went because it's so good . c 
" with a presidential boost , ‘ hamilton ’ tops broadway box office " 
with a presidential boost , & tops broadway box office 
" hamilton , ” the hip-hop musical about alexander hamilton and america’s founding fathers really 
artsbeat | with a presidential boost , ' hamilton ' tops broadway box office - new york times ( blog ) 
artsbeat : with a presidential boost , ' hamilton ' tops broadway box office via 
bolstered by president obama/dnc event , tops broadway's box office 
with a boost from obama , " hamilton " tops broadway box office 

the trans-alaska pipeline makes for a cold companion along alaska's dalton highway ( via 
rt can you name this location ? bonus points if you can name the road . ( via 

for taylor swift and drake , friends serve the brand 
' no matter how big or compelling the crowd around you might be , at the top you’ll always be alone ' beautiful writing . 
social media can put stars on the defensive -- even taylor swift and 
tldr - we are your friends . jon caramonica on drake and taylor swift's use of their friends to push the brand 
is it true that janet yellen is the newest member of the friend circle ? " swift , gomez , and yellen " 
for and friends serve the brand 
" they can appear decorative , carefully arranged details in a trompe l’oeil of normal life . " harsh , nyt , harsh . 
some of the very things debates on our t . swift pod brought up here , via 
the other nyt virtual reality : drake & taylor & the meaning/value/collapse of friendship alliances 
squad goals : sitting alone in a cabin with a pile of books . 
for even taylor swift and social media can put stars on the defensive 
yeah , i get this . taytay and drake , and their ' friends ' 
drake = taylor swift hot take ( podcast & thinkpiece ) about " friend aggregators " we all wanted 
rt taylor & drake : when friendship is not enough 
--- good piece on entertainers supporting and nurturing new artists . most started their careers opening for someone 
mr. graham ?, taylor and friends serve up a music brand . " " 
fascinatng examples-from personal to collective brands taylor swift & drake , friends serve the brand 
" can't feed off tension ? then music's not for you . " drake : friends serve the brand 
for taylor swift and drake , friends serve their brands : 
level of analysis that went into this is amazing 
ah , the good life . putting pop stars on the couch . 
the squad and the brand . 
brand mates : your success will require you to master the art of " inclusive marketing " . 
word prescription : drake , taylor swift and the business of friends in show business : ( 
applied de-construction theorems 
friend or faux ? for taylor swift and drake , friendship is part of the brand 
the stars have found both help and hindrance from those who surround them . 

friend or faux ? for taylor swift and drake , friendship is part of the brand 
nytimes : friend or faux ? for taylor swift and drake , friendship is part of the brand 

university of missouri president and chancellor step aside amid protests 
rt black students at univ of mizzou successful in forcing out univ . president that ignored racism https : … 
breaking news : university of missouri chancellor steps aside after president amid student protests 
university of missouri chancellor joins um president in stepping down 
and just like that a reason to be grateful for football " u of missouri pres and chancellor step aside amid protests " 
rt breaking news : the president of the university of missouri system is resigning amid a wave of student protests … 
rt the power of protest ! university of missouri system president resigns 
★ i will be pleased to connect with you ★ ★ let's grow our network and we grow too ★ ★ top 1% ★ 42k+ connecti … 
your generation rose up ! 
president and chancellor step aside amid protests good . gonna take more than to fix sitch 
proud of the uofmissouri students , hunger strikers & student athletes , who used their power to make change 
japanese might lack insist what you should do /university of missouri president and chancellor step aside amid 
imagine what would happen if all college fb players refused to play until player safety adequately addressed 
proud they stood up for what they believe . 
u of missouri president step aside amid protests marianne faithfull - guilt via 
rt as i fly to news that athletes ' anti-racism boycott forced school president to resign ther … 
tim wolfe , university of missouri system president , resigns 
timothy wolfe announced that he was stepping down as president of the four-campus system . the chancellor , r . bowen loftin , said he would move into another job . 

data on benefits of lower blood pressure brings clarity for doctors and patients 
good report . remember , thing a person can do , beyond rx meds to lower blood pressure , is exercise . 
data on benefits of lower blood pressure brings clarity for doctors and … see more 
patients who lowered their systolic blood pressure to under 120 were 25 percent less likely to have heart ... 
nice piece my point : results not mandate . but inform choice . 
data on benefits of lower blood pressure brings clarity for doctors an … see more 
rt how low should blood pressure go ? maybe lower than you think 
dr. alderman talks to about study that found reducing systolic bp below current guidelines saves lives 
data pretty clear . for htn , treat to get sbp to < 120 . 
rt the details are in from big blood pressure study : getting to 120 instead of 140 slashed risk of heart attacks … 
another piece of crap from this time misleads the world on sprint 
data on benefits of lower blood pressure brings clarity to doctors and patients . well , more clarity . still confusing 
data on benefits of lower blood pressure brings some clarity for docs and patients 
eating a plant-based diet is much more sustainable than taking pills to lower cholesterol - no drugs & lower costs . 
health : data on benefits of lower blood pressure , under 120 systolic , brings clarity for doctors and patients 
" rt ginakolata : how low should blood pressure go ? maybe lower than you think " 
the veil has been lifted on a major study about how low blood pressure should go 

in defense of ‘ gotcha ’ questions 
the addictive reality tv of the g.o.p. debates is good for democracy . 
in defense of ' gotcha ' questions - new york times 
" yes , some viewers tune in to compare policy positions and review candidates ’ experience . but many more tune in ... 
if candidates can deflect so-called " gotacha " questions with humor , and the audience laughs , they win : 
study of tough questions , humor and audience reactions in gop debates 
gotcha questions vs softball questions looses dilemma 
the gotcha questions include challenges on experience , policy positions and the ability to do elementary arithmetic . 
in defense of " gotcha " questions , from 

aren't there bigger issues that should cause such outrage ? silly . 
it's just a cup people . 
starbucks’s red holiday cups inspire outcry online 
no , starbucks does not hate christmas . why the internet cares so much about starbucks is a different question . 
reindeer , snowflakes and jesus ? really ? red cups inspire outcry online 
this nytimes article about the new holiday cups reads like an article from 
omg . la estupidez y el odio nos consume . 💀💥🔫 starbucks’s red holiday cups inspire outcry online 
thank you for your input ! here is another read on this topic : 
weigh in ? starbucks’s red holiday cups inspire outcry online 
conservatives cheer on abusive police but omg outraged over not having snowflakes on their red paper cups . 
sydney ember 
yes , virginia . there will be gingerbread latte . but as for the cup ? starbucks’s red holiday cups inspire outcry 
sounds like quite the kerfuffle over the what do you think ? 
please bring the madness down to a minimum , folks . it's a cup . 
“ starbucks removed christmas from their cups because they hate jesus . ” 
when did the lack of holiday decor on a coffee cup become a thing !?! 
new starbucks cups are more mark rothko painting than empty page 
who cares ? i've not shopped at in over a year . ’ s red holiday cups inspire outcry online 
starbucks holiday cups prompt protests 
starbucks's red holiday cups inspire outcry online - new york times 
★ buy twt followers ★ } starbucks's red holiday cups inspire outcry online - n ... { ☀☀☀ 
web dsign 
the protests were so loud that starbucks sought to clarify its decision to remove christmas-holiday symbols on its … 
starbucks’s red holiday cups have stirred a bit of noise on social media this year 
the protests were so loud that starbucks sought to clarify its decision to remove christmas-holiday symbols on its cups . 

to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean diet via 
personal health : to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean 
cholesterol with diet instead of drugs 
top story : lower cholesterol with diet instead of drugs see more 
personal health : lower cholesterol with diet instead of drugs 
lower cholesterol with diet instead of drugs : try a foray into the mediterranean via 
nytimes : to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean diet 
personal health : to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean diet : even when taking a cholesterol ... 
well | to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean diet - new york times ( blog ) 
pills vs . lifestyle change . " to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean diet " 
health : personal health : to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean diet 
even when taking a & r crucial to controll 
do it the way nature intended ! 
to ket to lower cholesterol is change your diet , not pop a pill . via 
rt personal health : to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean 
dating single personal health : to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean ... 
: : lower cholesterol with diet … 
lower with instead of thoughts ? via 
lower with rather than drugs ; inhibit synthesis : via 
lower with instead of via 
to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean via 
using first to improve lowering cholesterol with diet instead of drugs via 
thx for ' to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean ' key point : try diet & exercise 1st ! 
interesting read by on find more info in our heart health paper 
lower with instead of drugs : via 
ways to potentially and naturally lower cholesterol via 
high try looking at food as medicine with these tips ! via 
sorry here 
rt lower with instead of drugs 
while alone doesn't work for everyone , it should always be first step to lowering 
would you choose a diet or a pill to lower your cholesterol ? 

paul krugman : despair , american style via 
paul krugman : despair , american style via nytopinion 

the trans-alaska pipeline makes for a cold companion along alaska's dalton highway ( via 
nytimes : the trans-alaska pipeline makes for a cold companion along alaska's dalton highway ( via … 

being dishonest about ugliness 
know you strengths ; know your weaknesses . know your beauty , and so your ugliness . 
our ideas of who is " good " underlie so much evil today 
great essay on ugliness based on robt hoge . pics show loving sibs and parents and beautiful wife . something there 
on appearance diversity - julia baird discusses robert hoge's ugly for children . 
" flawed features in a world of facial inequality " 
... even in children’s literature , we imply ugliness is either transient or deserved 
be honest . and then move on ... to " so what ? " i agree . 
we should stop pretending to children that looks do not matter . some ugly ducklings never turn into swans . 
" we get it all wrong when we tell children looks don’t matter : ' they know perfectly well they do . '” 
we need to stop telling that ( and i would add don't matter 
is " looks don't matter " a lie we should keep telling our kids ? 
love this 
appearance matters : " don’t tell kids they’re all beautiful ; tell them it’s o.k. to look different . ” via 
should we tell kids that being ugly is a drawback in life ? 
" don’t tell kids they're all beautiful ; tell them it's ok to look different . " via 

despair , american style 
dramatic social trend from the states 
. it’s so obvious : rise in despair parallels 2001 bush/gop pushing fear to gain power 
paul krugman can’t understand why americans aren't happier even though they have obamacare 
rt paul krugman out of touch with reality . 94m americans unable to find job . some die from stress of joblessness . https://… 
interesting read : 
american - - why are middle-aged white americans dying sooner ? paul krugman column 
searching for economic and cultural reasons why middle-aged white americans are dying sooner . 

in defense of " gotcha " questions , from 
in defense of " gotcha " questions , from nytopinion 

