a moment of silence in paris , and around the world 
a moment of silence isn't enough . it means nothing . nothing will change until the world sees islam for what it is ! 
the world joined paris in a moment of silence . compiled reactions : 
a moment of silence for the victims of the paris attacks 

holy acquisition !! 
rt the $12.2 billion marriott deal would solve the question mark looming over starwood hotels htt … 
marriott to buy starwood hotels 
this is really big ! ihg is no longer the largest hotel company . maybe this means more opportunities at marriott .... 
what is your preferred hotel chain ?... 
it's official , welcome to the mega to acquire 
now , this is a game-changer : to acquire via 
marriott and starwood combined will have more than 5,500 owned or franchised hotels with 1.1 m rooms via 
rt marriott agrees to buy starwood hotels for $12.2 b , creating world's largest hotel company - 
does this mean my points will transfer to my points and status ? 
rt the $12.2 billion marriott deal would solve the question mark looming over starwood hotels … 
big news : to buy hope they don't undermine customer loyalty by changing/diluting loyalty programs ! 
marriott buys starwood ! now we are talking about the biggest hotel chain in the world ! 
are we witnessing the creation of the world's largest hotel company ? 
as a starwood hotels and spg loyalist , i am not at all happy about marriott acquiring them :( 
wow . from big to bigger . that's a lot of heads in beds . 
aquiring will create the world's largest hotel company via 
huge ! 
marriott will buy starwood hotels for $12.2 billion in a deal to create the world’s largest hotel company 
the $12.2 billion deal , expected to close in the middle of next year , would create the world’s largest hotel company . 

quote of the day : 
retweeted the new york times ( quote of the day : 
quote of the day : via 

more than 1,000 members joined a mass resignation from the mormon church in salt lake city 

watch live : obama holds news conference 
nytpolitics : watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terr … 
watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terror attacks . 
watching live @ notre dame cathedral in paris , a memorial service 
live now . 
watch live : memorial service at cathedral of notre-dame 
paris under siege -- watch live here 
watch live : attacks in paris - the new york times 
watch live : obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , 3 days after the paris attacks 
the president speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting on monday , three days after the paris terror attacks killed more than 120 people . 

“ no words suffice to express the magnitude of our grief . ” — bataclan , in its first statement since the paris attacks 
nytimes : “ no words suffice to express the magnitude of our grief . ” — bataclan , in its first statement since the pa … 
“ no words suffice to express the magnitude of our grief . ” — bataclan , in its first statement since the paris attac … 
“ no words suffice to express the magnitude of our grief . ” — bataclan , in its first statement since the paris … 
points : “ no words suffice to express the magnitude of our grief . ” — bataclan , … 
bataclan thanks fans in first statement since attacks 

all of a sudden , ankara & baghdad claim to have warned the french . both have dubious intel records , pressuring paris 
turkey warned french twice about attacker , official says 
turkish authorities warned their french counterparts twice in the past year about one of the paris attackers 
rt " turkey warned french twice about attacker , official says " 
more proof that we need more filtering , not more surveillance . . 
nytimes : turkish authorities warned their french counterparts twice in the past year about one of the paris attack … 

police raids in france and belgium seek suspects in the paris attacks 

" it’s an attack on the joy of life " . great piece by from the 11th arrondissement 
blocks from charlie hebdo , area known for bonhomie is shaken again 
" they wanted to attack people absent-mindedly having fun ... it’s an attack on the joy of life . ” 
blocks from charlie hebdo , 11th arronndissment known for bonhomie is shaken again 
rt my profile of 11th arrondissement where friday's attacks took place , at once shabby chic , resilient and defiant - https://… 
blocks from area known for is shaken again 
ny times : blocks from area known for bonhomie is shaken again 
parisians are shaken but defiant in 11th arrondissement - 
quote of the day : 
the 11th arrondissement , the multicultural district that was the site of at least five attacks on friday and the charlie hebdo attack in january , is known for its “ bourgeois bonhomie . ” 

police in france and belgium hunt terror suspects in raids ... 
nytimes : paris bombing update after police raids in and seeking paris attack suspects 
police raids in france and belgium seek paris attack suspects 
false reports of gunfire during vigil highlights the anxiety in paris . more news here : 
one paris attacker entered europe in wave of migrants , officials confirm : paris — the french authorities said ... 
manhunt in paris attacks focusing on brussels 
on-the-run paris suspect salah abdeslam was stopped by the french police on saturday but was let go 
nytimes : one paris attacker entered europe in wave of migrants , officials confirm 
police raids in france and belgium seek suspects in the paris attacks 
the manhunt for salah abdeslam intensified , and the authorities were looking at the possibility that a belgian now fighting in syria might have helped plan the attacks . 

a baby dies at day care , and a mother asks why she had to leave him so soon 
rt a baby dies at day care , and a mother asks why she had to leave him so soon 
rt . pls read my story in and help remedy our " internationally embarrassing " lack of parental leave https … 
heartbreaking ' my infant died in the care of a stranger , when he should have been with me . our culture demanded it . ' 
rt her baby karl died in daycare now leads the push for we need hi quality on site daycare ht … 
rt paid parental leave is a matter of life and death for children ; let's stop pretending anything else … 
rt i wrote about losing my son + why we need parental leave in the us . please read + share via 
too soon .... 
so heartbreaking 
rt pls retweet . mommy wrote about losing him + why we need parental leave in the us https://… 
hi , would you send this article out to your followers ? or the link ? if so , thanks . 
this breaks my heart . and she is right . if my mother in law couldn't each my baby , i do not know what i would do 
this is such a devastating , heart-rending story . a baby dies at day care via 
are cultural systems/norms making it impossible for mothers to mother ? " my infant died in the care of a stranger ... " 
damn 
this story is heartbreaking & indicative of our culture at large . 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 
icymi : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

a moment of silence for the victims of the paris attacks 
nytimes : a moment of silence for the victims of the paris attacks 
yes . and more . rt a moment of silence for the victims of the 

creating beauty to mourn a loss 
lucie dietrich was walking with her boyfriend in paris on friday when a car drove by and a terrorist shot at them 
french watchmaker decides to design watch in memory of his sister who was killed in paris attacks . 
creating beauty to mourn a loss via 
nytimes : lucie dietrich was walking with her boyfriend in paris on friday when a car drove by and a terrorist shot … 
lucie dietrich was walking with her boyfriend in paris on friday when a car drove by and a terrorist shot at … 
points : lucie dietrich was walking with her boyfriend in paris on friday when … 
beautiful 
creating beauty to mourn a loved one , lost in via 

your monday briefing : paris attacks , syria , new england patriots 
be informed on this monday morning with a quick briefing 
instead , a slimmer model , which has evolved since then , became what the world drank from for decades . the u.s. pat … 
morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

resignations put support for gays over fealty to 
many mormon faithful just could not abide the latest move by the church of latter day saints . thousands are ... 
hats off to resigning to support 
wow if ever there was something to inspire * faith * // mormon resignations put support for gays over fealty to church 
mormons mass resign over new anti-gay policies . a huge challenge to church leaders . 
i feel like i've learned so much about from this article . any friends out with insights ? please share . 
resignations put support for over fealty to faith 
always thought lds church was fairly progressive on original sin . changed my mind , like this big group that resigned 
object to headline . these brave souls are putting fealty to faith over strictures of church . gen 12:1 
nov . 16 , 2015 - new york times - more than 1,000 mormons leave church as backlash from anti-gay policy expands 
rt doing not what religion demands , but humanity . god blesses them . some mormons support gays over fealty to faith … 
more than 1,000 resign 
1,000 + mormons resign from church in support for gay members kind of an un-mission . 
basically kids of lgbt couples can't be mormons until they're 18 and officially disown their parents . 
more than 1,000 members joined a mass resignation from the mormon church in salt lake city 
more than 1,000 members joined a mass resignation from the church in salt lake city , a decision that many said can be complicated , both administratively and emotionally . 

