	
	
enlightened and horrified by series the outlaw ocean . another nyt example of journalism at its finest 	3
illegal manning agencies trick maritime workers 	1
rt 40 miles offshore in sibuyan sea , fishermen told their trafficking stories . 	3
rt missionblue : illegal manning agencies trick maritime workers 	1
rt eril andrade left the philippines to earn money on a fishing boat . he returned in a coffin . https … 	3
" tricked and indebted on land , abused or abandoned at sea " by ian urbina via nyt world via 	2
rt death , debt and recruitment trickery . a story about human trafficking in the maritime world . https : … 	3
the latest heart-rending article on trafficking and abuse of fishing crews from for 	1
this is what happens to our " modern heroes " . a must read > tricked & indebted on land , abused or abandoned at sea 	3
another heartbreaking story from on abuse & death of fishermen on taiwanese tuna boats : 	3
rt cadaver returns from sea , missing organs , slashed , to a village full of trafficking stories . https : … 	3
another gripping piece on misery , crime & illegal labor recruitment on fishing vessels . 	3
labor agencies trick filipinos into jobs on fishing vessels with bad safety & rights record 	1
the ( ill)legal lives of ships , like a radioactive half-life it still contaminates labour mvmnts . 	3
what is happening is that too many maritimers are graduating . in the us for speciality professions we keep a tight g … 	3
rt ian_urbina : 40 miles offshore in sibuyan sea , fishermen told their trafficking stories . … 	3
what a tragedy . suffering in the land , and the sea . 	3
trickery , violence , shame : all are used to recruit , entrap and leave men at sea in harsh conditions 	1
tricked and indebted on land , abused or abandoned at sea 	1
illegal “ manning agencies ” trick villagers in the philippines with false promises of high wages and send them to ships notorious for poor safety and labor records . 	1
	
	
 no matter how big or compelling the crowd around you might be , at the top you’ll always be alone ' beautiful writing . 	3
social media can put stars on the defensive -- even taylor swift and 	3
tldr - we are your friends . jon caramonica on drake and taylor swift's use of their friends to push the brand 	1
is it true that janet yellen is the newest member of the friend circle ? " swift , gomez , and yellen " 	3
for and friends serve the brand 	2
" they can appear decorative , carefully arranged details in a trompe l’oeil of normal life . " harsh , nyt , harsh . 	3
some of the very things debates on our t . swift pod brought up here , via 	3
the other nyt virtual reality : drake & taylor & the meaning/value/collapse of friendship alliances 	1
squad goals : sitting alone in a cabin with a pile of books . 	3
for even taylor swift and social media can put stars on the defensive 	3
yeah , i get this . taytay and drake , and their ' friends ' 	3
drake = taylor swift hot take ( podcast & thinkpiece ) about " friend aggregators " we all wanted 	3
rt taylor & drake : when friendship is not enough 	3
--- good piece on entertainers supporting and nurturing new artists . most started their careers opening for someone 	3
mr. graham ?, taylor and friends serve up a music brand . " " 	3
fascinatng examples-from personal to collective brands taylor swift & drake , friends serve the brand 	1
" can't feed off tension ? then music's not for you . " drake : friends serve the brand 	2
for taylor swift and drake , friends serve their brands : 	2
level of analysis that went into this is amazing 	3
ah , the good life . putting pop stars on the couch . 	3
the squad and the brand . 	3
brand mates : your success will require you to master the art of " inclusive marketing " . 	3
word prescription : drake , taylor swift and the business of friends in show business : ( 	1
applied de-construction theorems 	3
friend or faux ? for taylor swift and drake , friendship is part of the brand 	1
for taylor swift and drake , friends serve the brand 	1
the stars have found both help and hindrance from those who surround them . 	1
	
	
university of missouri president and chancellor step aside amid protests 	2
rt black students at univ of mizzou successful in forcing out univ . president that ignored racism https : … 	3
university of missouri chancellor joins um president in stepping down 	1
and just like that a reason to be grateful for football " u of missouri pres and chancellor step aside amid protests " 	1
rt breaking news : the president of the university of missouri system is resigning amid a wave of student protests … 	1
rt the power of protest ! university of missouri system president resigns 	1
★ i will be pleased to connect with you ★ ★ let's grow our network and we grow too ★ ★ top 1% ★ 42k+ connecti … 	3
your generation rose up ! 	3
president and chancellor step aside amid protests good . gonna take more than to fix sitch 	3
proud of the uofmissouri students , hunger strikers & student athletes , who used their power to make change 	3
japanese might lack insist what you should do /university of missouri president and chancellor step aside amid 	1
imagine what would happen if all college fb players refused to play until player safety adequately addressed 	3
proud they stood up for what they believe . 	3
u of missouri president step aside amid protests marianne faithfull - guilt via 	1
rt as i fly to news that athletes ' anti-racism boycott forced school president to resign ther … 	3
tim wolfe , university of missouri system president , resigns 	1
timothy wolfe announced that he was stepping down as president of the four-campus system . the chancellor , r . bowen loftin , said he would move into another job . 	1
breaking news : university of missouri chancellor steps aside after president amid student protests 	1
	
	
data on benefits of lower blood pressure brings clarity for doctors and patients 	1
good report . remember , thing a person can do , beyond rx meds to lower blood pressure , is exercise . 	3
data on benefits of lower blood pressure brings clarity for doctors and … see more 	2
patients who lowered their systolic blood pressure to under 120 were 25 percent less likely to have heart ... 	3
nice piece my point : results not mandate . but inform choice . 	3
data on benefits of lower blood pressure brings clarity for doctors an … see more 	2
rt how low should blood pressure go ? maybe lower than you think 	2
dr. alderman talks to about study that found reducing systolic bp below current guidelines saves lives 	3
data pretty clear . for htn , treat to get sbp to < 120 . 	3
rt the details are in from big blood pressure study : getting to 120 instead of 140 slashed risk of heart attacks … 	3
another piece of crap from this time misleads the world on sprint 	3
data on benefits of lower blood pressure brings clarity to doctors and patients . well , more clarity . still confusing 	2
data on benefits of lower blood pressure brings some clarity for docs and patients 	1
eating a plant-based diet is much more sustainable than taking pills to lower cholesterol - no drugs & lower costs . 	3
health : data on benefits of lower blood pressure , under 120 systolic , brings clarity for doctors and patients 	1
" rt ginakolata : how low should blood pressure go ? maybe lower than you think " 	2
the veil has been lifted on a major study about how low blood pressure should go 	1
	
	
aren't there bigger issues that should cause such outrage ? silly . 	3
it's just a cup people . 	3
no , starbucks does not hate christmas . why the internet cares so much about starbucks is a different question . 	3
reindeer , snowflakes and jesus ? really ? red cups inspire outcry online 	2
this nytimes article about the new holiday cups reads like an article from 	3
omg . la estupidez y el odio nos consume . 💀💥🔫 starbucks’s red holiday cups inspire outcry online 	3
thank you for your input ! here is another read on this topic : 	3
weigh in ? starbucks’s red holiday cups inspire outcry online 	2
conservatives cheer on abusive police but omg outraged over not having snowflakes on their red paper cups . 	3
sydney ember 	3
yes , virginia . there will be gingerbread latte . but as for the cup ? starbucks’s red holiday cups inspire outcry 	3
sounds like quite the kerfuffle over the what do you think ? 	3
please bring the madness down to a minimum , folks . it's a cup . 	3
“ starbucks removed christmas from their cups because they hate jesus . ” 	3
when did the lack of holiday decor on a coffee cup become a thing !?! 	3
new starbucks cups are more mark rothko painting than empty page 	3
who cares ? i've not shopped at in over a year . ’ s red holiday cups inspire outcry online 	3
starbucks holiday cups prompt protests 	1
starbucks's red holiday cups inspire outcry online - new york times 	2
★ buy twt followers ★ } starbucks's red holiday cups inspire outcry online - n ... { ☀☀☀ 	2
web dsign 	3
the protests were so loud that starbucks sought to clarify its decision to remove christmas-holiday symbols on its … 	2
starbucks’s red holiday cups have stirred a bit of noise on social media this year 	1
starbucks’s red holiday cups inspire outcry online 	1
the protests were so loud that starbucks sought to clarify its decision to remove christmas-holiday symbols on its cups . 	1
	
	
to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean diet via 	1
personal health : to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean 	1
cholesterol with diet instead of drugs 	1
top story : lower cholesterol with diet instead of drugs see more 	1
personal health : lower cholesterol with diet instead of drugs 	1
lower cholesterol with diet instead of drugs : try a foray into the mediterranean via 	1
nytimes : to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean diet 	1
personal health : to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean diet : even when taking a cholesterol ... 	1
well | to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean diet - new york times ( blog ) 	1
pills vs . lifestyle change . " to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean diet " 	1
health : personal health : to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean diet 	1
even when taking a & r crucial to controll 	3
do it the way nature intended ! 	3
to ket to lower cholesterol is change your diet , not pop a pill . via 	1
rt personal health : to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean 	1
dating single personal health : to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean ... 	1
: : lower cholesterol with diet … 	1
lower with instead of thoughts ? via 	3
lower with rather than drugs ; inhibit synthesis : via 	3
lower with instead of via 	3
to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean via 	2
using first to improve lowering cholesterol with diet instead of drugs via 	1
thx for ' to lower cholesterol , try a foray into the mediterranean ' key point : try diet & exercise 1st ! 	1
interesting read by on find more info in our heart health paper 	3
lower with instead of drugs : via 	3
ways to potentially and naturally lower cholesterol via 	3
high try looking at food as medicine with these tips ! via 	3
sorry here 	3
rt lower with instead of drugs 	3
while alone doesn't work for everyone , it should always be first step to lowering 	3
would you choose a diet or a pill to lower your cholesterol ? 	1
	
	
being dishonest about ugliness 	3
know you strengths ; know your weaknesses . know your beauty , and so your ugliness . 	3
our ideas of who is " good " underlie so much evil today 	3
great essay on ugliness based on robt hoge . pics show loving sibs and parents and beautiful wife . something there 	3
on appearance diversity - julia baird discusses robert hoge's ugly for children . 	3
" flawed features in a world of facial inequality " 	3
... even in children’s literature , we imply ugliness is either transient or deserved 	3
be honest . and then move on ... to " so what ? " i agree . 	3
" we get it all wrong when we tell children looks don’t matter : ' they know perfectly well they do . '” 	1
we need to stop telling that ( and i would add don't matter 	3
is " looks don't matter " a lie we should keep telling our kids ? 	3
love this 	3
appearance matters : " don’t tell kids they’re all beautiful ; tell them it’s o.k. to look different . ” via 	2
should we tell kids that being ugly is a drawback in life ? 	3
" don’t tell kids they're all beautiful ; tell them it's ok to look different . " via 	1
we should stop pretending to children that looks do not matter . some ugly ducklings never turn into swans . 	1
	
	
robin williams’s widow points to dementia as a suicide cau 	3
lewy body dementia claimed my dad's life one year ago . let's get aware . 	3
robin williams widow says actor had dementia before suicide 	3
rt coroner reveals that the late robin williams suffered lewy body dementia 	3
rt robin williamss widow points to dementia as a suicide cause 	1
nyt interviews expert dr. james galvin for story on robin williams ’ lewey body dementia & suicide 	3
robin williams\'s widow points to dementia as a suicide cause - new york times 	1
health - the new york time robin williams widow says actor had de … see more 	3
widow points to as a suicide cause 	3
not many cures for dementia ... 	3
robin williams’s widow points to as a cause 	2
robin williams ' widow says dementia caused his suicide in a new interview 	1
widow points to lewy body dementia as a suicide cause 	1
robin williams’s widow points to dementia , not depression , as a suicide cause 	1
rt " it was not depression that killed him . " robin williams ' widow opens up about his dementia : ht … 	1
rt robin williams's widow points to dementia as a suicide cause /nyt 	1
robin williams had lewy body it's a disease often confused with or 	3
robin william's widow lays the blame for his suicide in 2014 not on depression , but on diffuse lewy body dementia . 	1
“ it was not depression that killed him - depression was one of many symptoms . ” 	3
absurd that first reax was blaming his alcohol problems . robin williams’s widow says dementia was suicide cause 	1
robin williams’s widow brings awareness to lewy body dementia 	3
robin williams suffered from dementia in the year leading up to his suicide in 2014 	1
susan schneider williams laid the blame for her husband’s death not on depression , but on lewy body dementia , a disease that is often misdiagnosed . 	1
	
	
officials debate whether ‘ ferguson effect ’ is real 	1
on ferguson effect : “ i think there’s something to it , ” says dea chief ... with absolutely no data whatsoever : 	3
why would obama listen to his own director ? officials debate whether ‘ is real 	3
retweeted lou dobbs ( why would obama listen to his own fbi director ? officials debate whether ... 	3
debate whether ‘ ferguson effect ’ is real who do police have to blame .... themselves , thats who 	1
agents of doom ( not data ) , keep trying to scare us w/ fantasy “ ferguson effect . ” 	1
. officials debate effect is real cops admit can't do job without breaking law 	1
this is why we should abolish the dea . oh , and because it is a total failure . 	3
hoisted on their own petard ! & whine abt being ' timid ' in the face of public videos ! too bad ! 	3
head of dea challenges spin on " ferguson effect " - as does comey 	1
good democratic debate question : is the ferguson effect real or just hype ? 	1
reality therapy - 2nd top obama admin official agrees " ferguson effect " is real . 	3
officials debate effect of scrutiny on police 	1
“ i think there’s something to it , ” said chuck rosenberg , the acting d.e.a. chief , of the so-called ferguson effect 	1
rt a rift widens within the obama administration over the so-called ferguson effect … 	3
needs to re-calibrate his idea of what's " right . " 	3
law enforcement officials debate the " ferguson effect " 	1
chuck rosenberg , the acting chief of the d.e.a. , waded into the question of whether the police have become more reluctant to confront suspicious people . 	1
	
	
nyt vr : how to experience a new form of storytelling from the times 	3
download the nyt vr app asap . it's honestly amazing a new form of storytelling from the times 	1
check out : how to experience a new form of storytelling from the times 	3
cloud gazing in the virtual reality app : i'm a little dizzy but that was awesome 	3
nyt vr : love the cardboard viewer idea ... but since i only get the on weekdays , they didn't send me one . :( 	3
rt leverages cardboard viewers to tell more immersive stories and promote empathy : … 	3
i often praise for maps/ storytelling . now they take us to the story too ! ' s ro.me has a purpose !! 	3
rt check out how ny times uses google cardboard for news . nyt vr how to experience a new form of storytelling http … 	3
rt asking for a friend : will the child refugees in this ' real time ' storytelling be able to see it ? http … 	3
betting kids will be news junkies after trying launched today . how to experience 	3
rt cool introduces virtual reality to its news/storytelling 	3
virtual reality went mainstream today 	3
rt nyt vr : experience a new form of storytelling from the times nyt launched newsprint photos 119 y … 	3
nytimes goes vr . this makes up for not having flying cars in 2015 . 	3
kudos to for leaning into vr w/ vivid portraits of 3 children driven from their homes by war & persecution 	1
dead-tree media adds 21st century tech to their resume . vr app : 	3
rt ok , that was mind blowing . nice job , 	3
extraordinary : nyt virtual reality-enhanced reporting/story-telling re : 3 refugee children , hana , chuol and oleg ( 	1
i couldn't look down in copter in walking ny . 	3
rt very cool to see supporting in this way : how to experience a new form of storytelling from the times https://… 	1
virtual reality becomes a reality in storytelling for the times 	1
bravo , your virtual reality storytelling is heartbreaking , powerful , revolutionary . 	3
so cool , 👍🙇 	3
is so amazing ! 	3
well done , nyt ! welcome to the future . ' how to experience a new form of storytelling from the times ' 	3
nice move including vr cardboard with today's sunday edition : 	3
new mobile app from nytvr : how to experience a new form of storytelling from the times 	3
powerful empathy tool 	3
goes virtual . equipment from great stuff from godmother of vr 	3
using virtual reality to allow readers to experience a new form of storytelling 	3
is vr the future of ' print ' journalism ? dying to try this : how to experience a new form of storytelling from the nyt 	3
how to experience a new form of from 	3
the vr experience is surprisingly awesome : 	3
mind officially blown by new york times / google vr viewer ! 	3
good on you , nyt ! 	3
best present ever from a newspaper ! found on my porch this morning ! thank you 	3
 the times magazine ' presents three portraits of children driven from their homes by war and persecution : 	1
every nyt print subscriber is getting a google cardboard in the mail to watch vr stories . that is crazy ! 	3
how much evidence do you need we are in times of accelerated change . 1 month ago , playboy enterprises , inc . declared … 	3
using virtual reality , takes you into the lives of 3 children who have been driven from their homes 	1
today , the new york times takes a step into virtual reality . here’s what you need to know to use it . 	1
	
	
the winemaker of avenue c 	3
in new york city 	3
the wine maker of ave c ... that's my cousin ! 	3
relevant to that point : 	3
" his are likely the only reds hailing from avenue c . " 🍷🏙 	3
proud to be a member of , & active participant in , the village winery bravo , matteo – the new york times !! 	3
matt baldassano's winery ? his 550-square-foot apartment on avenue c . 	1
matt baldassano , son our member jeanette , makes wine in his ave c basement , as his italian grandfather did 	1
an italian-american tradition : wine-making at home : i guess i can't call mine " vinegar hill " vintages :) 	3
would you make wine , or drink wine made in a brooklyn rooftop or an east village basement ? intrigued : via 	3
. remember this dude ? ( oy . ) 	3
congratulations to the village winery club on an amazing article ! 	3
this morning's fun read ( actually from yesterday ) . 	3
a new york wine love story . if you are a wine lover , you will enjoy reading this article . 	3
 he works in tech.so when you hear that he makes in his apartment , you may want to roll your eyes ' 	3
new yorker makes in his apartment , among others , a from south african | 	3
winemaker of ave c : matt baldassano belongs to an earlier city tradition of domestic italian american wine making 	1
matt baldassano makes wine in his manhattan apartment . it’s all part of a family tradition . 	1
matt baldassano makes wine in his lower manhattan apartment . it’s all part of a family tradition . 	1
	
	
the displaced : chuol 	3
chuol , 9 , fled horror in step into his world through this virtual reality film 	3
retweeted unicef ( chuol , 9 , fled horror in step into his world through this 	3
step into his world through this powerful the new york times virtual reality film : 	3
unicef : chuol , 9 , fled horror in step into his world through this nytimes virtual reality film 	1
today's has incredible photos of " the displaced " shot by project & fellow 	3
don't make generation of 	3
his father and grandfather were put in a hut and burned alive . he fled into the swamp . 	1
at 9 , without his parents , he was forced to flee to the swamps . 	1
	
	
rt may strengthen putin's resolve in syria ... 	3
top story : confirmation of attack on russian jet may strengthen putin’s resolve … see more 	3
confirmation of attack on russian jet may strengthen putin’s resolve in syria 	1
anonimo mannucci tweeted times confirmation of attack on russian jet may streng … see more 	3
from around the world : " confirmation of attack on russian jet may strengthen putin’s resol … 	1
top story : retweets confirmation of attack on russian jet m … see more 	1
confirmation of attack on russian jet may strengthen putin's resolve in syria - 	1
rt jet attack confirmation may strengthen putin's resolve in syria ... 	1
confirmation of attack on russian jet may strengthen putin's resolve in syria - new … 	1
rt jet confirmation may strengthen resolve in 	1
jet attack confirmation may strengthen putin’s resolve in syria ... 	1
top confirmation of attack on russian jet may strengthen putin’s resolve … see more 	1
confirmation of attack on russian jet likely to strengthen putin , russia’s resolve in syria 	1
dillydee blogs news analysis : confirmation of attack on russian jet may strengthen putin’s resolve i ... follow us 	1
an attack against a civilian airliner would confirm that russian interests were already being threatened — and might cause russia to begin targeting the islamic state more aggressively . 	1
	
	
after more than 11,300 deaths , #ebola epidemic has come down to a handful of cases in rural #guinea via @nytimes 	1
rt @tackettdc : the last place on earth with ebola 	2
the last place on earth with ebola : getting guinea to zero : the deadliest ebola epidemic in history has come d ... 	2
rt @columbiamsph : “ #ebola is gone everywhere - except here . ” getting guinea to zero : 	1
rt @dionnesearcey : i went to the last place on earth with ebola . this is what i saw . @samuel_aranda_ 	3
" the last place on earth with ebola : getting guinea to zero " by dionne searcey via nyt 	2
rt @iamperpetua : the last place on earth with #ebola : #guinea’s fight to get to zero 	2
the last place on earth with ebola : getting #guinea to zero #sierraleone #ebolafree but ... 	2
while sierra leone is on the verge of celebrating an ebola-free status , a rural village in guinea is the last ... 	3
rt @javed_kayani : the last place on earth with ebola : getting guinea to zero it is far from being on the brink of ex … 	2
the last place on earth with ebola : getting guinea to zero #news 	2
no , this is not " last place on earth with #ebola " ! @nytimes " only " last place of this #epidemic ! next #outbreak 2come 	2
rt @clm_net : the last place on earth with ebola : getting #guinea to zero : the deadliest ebola epidemic in … 	2
#tnn :: the last place on earth with ebola : getting guinea to zero 	2
the last place on earth with ebola : getting guinea to zero | the new york times 	2
from around the world : " the last place on earth with ebola : getting guinea to zero " by dio … 	2
the last place on earth with ebola : getting guinea to zero - the ny times this illustrates how difficult zero can be 	2
the last place on earth with #ebola : getting #guinea to zero ( or at least w/current transmission to humans ) 	2
ig ; jeremyhumilde the last place on earth with ebola : getting guinea to zero : the deadliest ebola epidemic in ... 	2
rt @nytimesworld : this is the last known place on earth with ebola . 	1
the last place on earth with ebola : getting guinea to zero via @nytimes 	2
where is the last place on earth with ebola ? here , and @dionnesearcey takes us there . 	3
rt @hirokotabuchi : the last place on earth w/ ebola dispatch from our new w . africa correspondent @dionnesearcey htt … 	3
the last place on earth with ebola : guinea’s fight to get to zero : tana , guinea — sirens blared as the convoy ... 	1
rt @healthcommcap : the last place on earth with #ebola : getting guinea to zero 	2
ny times : the last place on earth with ebola : getting #guinea to zero 	2
the new york times : the last place on earth with ebola : border area of guinea 	1
rt @motokorich : it's the last place on earth with ebola , but it's so hard to get to zero . @dionnesearcey 	2
the last place on earth with ebola : getting guinea to zero it is far from being on the brink of extinction like polio 	3
my fearless colleague @dionnesearcey goes to the last place on earth with ebola : getting guinea to zero 	3
the last place on earth with ebola : getting guinea to zero | new york times 	2
interesting read on the @nytimes - the last place on earth with #ebola : getting #guinea to zero 	2
new : the last place on earth with ebola : getting guinea to zero 	1
the deadliest ebola epidemic in history has come down to a handful of cases in a cluster of villages , but efforts to end the outbreak have been uneven at best . 	1
	
	
the displaced : oleg via nyt 	2
conflict has driven 30 millions #ukrainechildren from homes . oleg's story #russiainvadedukraine 	3
rt @unhcrukraine : at 11 , he lives at ruins of his former life . see the virtual reality film by @nytimes … 	2
the displaced : oleg - - #magazine 	2
rt @gabllb : rt the displaced : oleg @attardmon @aodhbc @qmulbioethics @calsaff 	2
" the displaced : oleg " by andrew e . kramer via nyt the new york times 	2
rt @veronik_ua : the displaced : oleg #ukrainechildren #ukraine . look forward to seeing the virtual reality project by @nytimes … 	3
you got to check this ! the displaced oleg : linksexplorer ... www.myeponlinks 	3
the displaced : oleg : at 11 , he is living in the ruins of his former life . #news #europe 	2
the displaced : oleg - the new york times 	2
rt @aceurasia : amazing interactive piece by @andrewkramernyt on #ukraine's refugees : 	2
rt @neilmacfarquhar : amazing photos & text of children in war zones : the displaced : oleg #russia #ukraine @lynseyad … 	3
nyt- the displaced : oleg : at 11 , he is living in the ruins of his former life . 	2
" the displaced : oleg " at 11 , he is living in the ruins of his former life . 	2
rt @7piliers : at 11 , oleg is living in the ruins of his former life in ukraine by @andrewkramernyt … 	2
" the displaced : oleg " by andrew e . kramer via nyt #ukraine 	2
the displaced : oleg #ukraine #ucrania 	2
amazing photos & text of children in war zones : the displaced : oleg #russia #ukraine @lynseyaddario @andrewkramernyt 	3
tok : the displaced : oleg #virtualreality option available . tell me what it's like ? 	3
" the displaced : oleg " refugees and displaced persons , children and childhood 	2
rt @unicef_ua : conflict has driven 30 millions #ukrainechildren from homes . these are stories of 3 of them … 	3
the displaced : oleg by andrew e . kramer #twitterstorm refugees and displaced persons , ukraine , children and childh … 	2
a look at the lives of children affected by wars : the displaced : oleg #ukraine 	3
. @andrewkramernyt " surprise " you chose a story representing just ~ 10% of refugee cases , the rest went to russia . 	3
oleg's friends used to joke about their school in ukraine blowing up . they don't anymore . 	1
	
	
how organic avenue lost all its juice shows how early adapters need to learn how to adapt !! sad story- genius idea 	3
how #organic avenue lost all its juice - $9 tiny bottles of compassionate selfish bullshit 	3
you can't build a business around what gwyneth paltrow likes via the inimitable @katierosman 	2
“ i would always think , ‘ i can’t wait to go in and get my chickpea soup . ’” #sorrynotsorry 	3
how organic avenue lost its juice #naturalremedies #100 %natural 	2
rt @mairalg : “ i was distraught . i lost my yoga for a minute . ” - customer on organic avenue closing 	3
rt @indira_l : how #organic avenue lost all its juice " a lot of #vegans i know are now making stews out of meat and … 	2
rt @ralphieaversa : mt @hellernyt “ you can’t build a longterm business off what gwyneth paltrow likes " how organic avenue lost its juice htt … 	2
it's all about pricing ... too expensive for a blend of cheap vegetables ... how organic avenue lost all its juice 	2
dying laughing at these quotes . but poor employees . sounds like they all got screwed . 	3
well-done write around . how organic avenue lost all its juice 	2
as recently as last month , one could hardly throw a lentil in new york city without hitting an organic avenue store 	3
#brandbuilding vs . #marketgrowth how organic avenue lost all its juice 	2
how organic avenue lost all its juice " a lot of vegans i know are now making stews out of meat bones and dairy . ” 	2
nytimesbusiness : rt hellernyt : “ you can’t build a long-term business off what gwyneth paltrow likes " : how organic … 	2
how #organic avenue lost all its juice " a lot of #vegans i know are now making stews out of meat and dairy " 	2
rt @kimseverson : it ' so hard to keep . organic avenue loses its juice , charcoal cleanses on the rise . still , it's all about $ . … 	1
what does " i lost my yoga ” mean , and how does one recover from that ? 	3
how organic avenue lost all its juice . another great story from @katierosman 	2
how organic avenue lost all its juice - the new york times 	2
heartbreaking ! how organic avenue lost all its juice 	2
“ you can’t build a long-term business off what gwyneth paltrow likes . ” #wordstoliveby 	3
ok . ' how organic avenue lost all its juice ' via @nytimes / @nytfashiojn 	2
i'm put off by anything endorsed by paltrow . give me @nigella_lawson's real food any day 😋 	3
#news rt hellernyt : “ you can’t build a long-term business off what gwyneth paltrow likes " : how organic avenue lost … 	3
you try not to laugh 	3
wow . the challenges of perishibility , organics & the good food fight are major , but- i'd watch this as the miniseries 	3
nytimes : rt hellernyt : “ you can’t build a long-term business off what gwyneth paltrow likes " : how organic avenue l … 	3
rt @graspinggreen : how organic avenue lost all its juice #juicing #juicingtips 	2
" the private equity guys didn’t seem to understand our customers or our brand " says someone not making any $ . 	3
“ a lot of vegans i know are now making stews out of meat bones and dairy . ” how organic avenue lost all its juice 	3
rt @katierosman : " you can’t build a long-term business off what gwyneth paltrow likes . ” how organic avenue lost its juice … 	3
rt @mhkeller : “ you can’t build a long-term business off what gwyneth paltrow likes . ” 	3
how organic avenue lost all its juice i will miss #organicavenue 	2
how organic avenue lost all its juice #paleomeals #paleo #paleofood 	2
rt @hellernyt : “ you can’t build a long-term business off what gwyneth paltrow likes " : how organic avenue lost its juice … 	3
rt @mem_somerville : how organic avenue lost all its juice oh , ffs , the kicker at the end . [ bangs head on laptop ] 	3
am i the only person who would sing " electric avenue " in my head when walking past an organic avenue store ? 	3
rt @racheld : organic avenue couldn't make fetch happen in roslyn . great story @katierosman . ( cc @peterlattman ) #charcoal … 	3
rt hellernyt : “ you can’t build a long-term business off what gwyneth paltrow likes " : how organic avenue lost its j … 	3
@chavielieber how organic avenue lost all its juice ( via @pocket ) #longreads 	2
how organic avenue lost all its juice - new york times #newyork 	2
story of a fad that resulted in bankruptcy | how organic avenue lost all its juice 	1
" i kind of freaked out ... i was distraught . i lost my yoga for a minute . ” 	3
how organic avenue lost all its juice via @nytstyles 	3
after the chain of juice shops in new york city closed and filed for bankruptcy , its devotees were left wondering how the former fashion darling fell so far . 	1
	
	
rt @javed_kayani : u.s. economy added 271,000 jobs in october ; unemployment rate at 5.0% this level can be construed … 	1
the u.s. employment landscape roared back to life in october : 271,000 new jobs ; unemployment rate fell to 5.0% . 	1
encouraging news ... strong growth in jobs may encourage fed to raise rates 	3
u.s. economy added 271,000 jobs in october ; unemployment rate at 5% : the unexpectedly strong report will add t ... 	1
rt @susandanzig219 : u.s. economy added 271,000 #jobs in october ; unemployment rate at 5% woot ! i #blameobama ;-) 	1
strong growth in jobs may encourage fed to raise rates #news 	3
nytimes : strong growth in jobs may encourage fed to raise rates 	3
financial markets believe that strong growth in us job numbers today will lead fed reserve to raise rate in december 	3
rt @darnellsmith : the us is doing pretty dang good in jobs and i bet the gop won't blame obama for this . lol 	3
u.s. economy added 271,000 jobs in october ; unemployment rate at 5% #denextbigthingwatchout 	1
rt @tackettdc : u.s. adds 271,000 jobs in october ; unemployment rate drops to 5.0% 	1
strong growth in jobs may encourage fed to raise rates : the economy added 271,000 jobs in october , an unexpect ... 	1
#nytimes u.s. economy added 271,000 jobs in october ; unemployment rate at 5% : the unexpectedly stron ... #services 	1
rt @joetrippi : u.s. economy added 271,000 jobs in october ; unemployment rate at 5% 	1
unemployment rate drops to 5% , but 62.4% of americans now in the work force ... don't just read the headlines !!! 	3
rt @eddycocciollo : strong growth in jobs may encourage fed to raise rates 	3
rt @miafarrow : great news ! unemployment rate is 5% -'close to what would normally be considered the threshold for full employment ' https://… 	3
strong growth in jobs may encourage fed to raise rates - the new york times 	3
rt @newunitedstates : us economy added 271000 jobs in october ; unemployment rate at 5.0% - new york times 	1
the american economy added 271,000 jobs in october and the unemployment rate dipped to 5 percent 	1
raising interest rates would tend to accelerate the national debt , obviously . 	3
so why does the gop still say the economy sucks ? u.s. economy added 271,000 jobs in october ; unemployment rate at 5% 	1
ready ??? u.s. economy added 271,000 jobs in october ; unemployment rate at 5% 	1
rt @kdstarbux : govt subsidized obamacare data entry jobs are not health care . actual labor participation still only 62% ... … 	2
strong growth in jobs may encourage fed to raise rates with success comes some pain it seems 	3
" the proportion of americans who are in the labor force ... fell to a 38-year low of 62.4 percent " hidden problem ? 	3
o timer foi acionado ... : " u.s. economy added 271,000 jobs in october ; unemployment rate at 5% " 	1
after 7 years of qezirp , fed punchbowl-pulling is long overdue , hope it does , but will believe it when i see it . @ap 	3
rt @nytimes : breaking news : the u.s. economy added 271,000 jobs in october , and the unemployment rate fell to 5% 	1
rt @vrai777 : ✈︎ strong growth in jobs may encourage fed to raise rates - new york times #tech ✇ #tcot 	3
us economy added 271000 jobs in october ; unemployment rate at 5% - new york times : new york … 	1
rt @sarasmunoz : latam , brace yourself : u.s. jobs growth may spur fed to raise rates 	3
the economy added 271,000 jobs in october , an unexpectedly strong showing , and unemployment dipped to 5 percent . 	1
	
	
#thenewsclub mars ’ atmosphere stripped away by solar storms , nasa says #science 	1
why mars has less atmosphere 	3
rt @kchangnyt : every second , a half pound of martian air leaks into space . during a solar storm , that can jump to 10 lbs/sec . … 	3
solar storms strip air from mars , nasa #maven researchers say #mars 	1
rt @kchangnyt : mars is deflating . 	3
watch this video , is really fascinating 	3
by @nytimes . mars ’ atmosphere stripped by solar winds , nasa says : new readings from nasa’s maven mission indic ... 	1
rt @lisatoddsutton : solar storms strip air from mars , nasa says 	1
rt @javed_kayani : solar storms strip air from mars , #nasa says #mars does not have a global magnetic field to defle … 	1
the new york times | space & cosmos solar storms strip air from mars , nasa says 	1
solar storms strip air from mars , according to #nasa #space 	1
solar storms strip air from mars , nasa says - new york times 	1
rt @deltawaves : and they say that solar flares don't affect us ... well , we know better ... don't we ( just read down my page for all ... https : … 	3
but new readings from nasa's mars atmosphere and volatile evolution mission — maven , for short — show that when 	3
interesting read :) . solar storms strip air from mars , nasa says 	1
solar storms strip air from mars , nasa says #happy 	1
solar storms strip air from mars , #nasa says #mars does not have a global magnetic field to deflect the #solar wind . 	1
solar storms strip air from mars , nasa says , explaining the disappearance of its atmosphere over billions of years . 	1
the new york times : mars ’ atmosphere stripped away by solar storms , nasa says . 	1
rt @amphenolaao mars ' early atmosphere is thought to have been as thick , or thicker , than earth's today 	3
well , that kills the intergalactic war scenario for mars not having an atmosphere anymore : 	3
rt @jormatevajrvi : mars ’ atmosphere stripped away by solar storms , nasa says 	1
mars ’ atmosphere stripped by solar winds , nasa says wow ! interesting read 	1
top story : mars ’ atmosphere stripped away by solar storms , nasa says see more 	1
solar storms hit mars like a tsunami and strip air from the planet , nasa says 	1
new readings from nasa’s maven mission indicate that the upper atmosphere on mars is lost at a rate of 10 pounds a second during solar storms . 	1
	
	
#news putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears : russia has until now played down the possib ... 	2
putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears - new york times : new york timesputin suspends rus ... 	2
putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears : the president halted air travel to the most popul ... 	1
putin suspends russian flights to #egypt amid security fears : russia has until now played … 	2
putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears : russia has until now played down the possibility ... 	2
#nytimes putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears : the president halted air trave ... #services 	2
putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears #ny #nyc 	2
putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears : russia has until now played down the possi ... #world 	2
#putin #egypt #sinai #russia the end of russian tourism to sharm . 	3
via @nytimes putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears #ufo4ublogworld 	2
#nytimes putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears : russia has until now play ... #worldrssfeeds 	2
#tnn :: putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears 	2
#new_york_time putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears : russia has until no ... #new_york_time 	2
putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears : russia has until now played ... via @carlostudor1035 	2
putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears via @nytimes 	2
new york times most viewed stories : putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears ari pregen 	2
putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears : russia has until now played down the possib ... ( nyt ) 	2
נυиισя™ putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears : russia has until now played down the poss ... 	2
[ new y . times . eua ] putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears : russia has until ... vía j.a.m.v 	2
#express #travel putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears : russia has until now played dow ... 	2
#papersreportsreview putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears : russia has until now played ... 	2
rt @nytimes : breaking news : putin has suspended all flights from russia to egypt , russia’s most popular tourist destination … 	2
#elarcadetwitter putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears : russia has unti ... #thearkoftwitter 	2
rt @auddecode : putin suspends russian flights @mariannesansum @angloagnostic @arruple @jamy208 @kafirkaty @elena44106049 @annembee https :/ … 	2
nyt : putin suspends russian flights to egypt amid security fears 	1
putin has suspended all flights from russia to egypt amid security fears 	1
russia has until now played down the possibility of terrorism as the cause of saturday’s jet crash in egypt , the country’s most popular tourist destination . 	1
	
	
" the displaced : oleg " by andrew e . kramer via nyt the new york times 	3
" the displaced : oleg " refugees and displaced persons , children and childhood 	1
" the displaced : oleg " at 11 , he is living in the ruins of his former life . 	1
the displaced : oleg by andrew e . kramer #twitterstorm refugees and displaced persons , ukraine , children and childh … 	3
the displaced : oleg #dienachrichten #nyt 	3
" the displaced : oleg " by andrew e . kramer via nyt #ukraine 	3
the displaced : oleg - - #magazine 	3
you got to check this ! the displaced oleg : linksexplorer ... www.myeponlinks 	3
the displaced : oleg : at 11 , he is living in the ruins of his former life . #news #europe 	1
the displaced : oleg via nyt 	3
nyt- the displaced : oleg : at 11 , he is living in the ruins of his former life . 	1
amazing photos & text of children in war zones : the displaced : oleg #russia #ukraine @lynseyaddario @andrewkramernyt 	3
2 . oleg's friends used to joke about their school in ukraine blowing up . they don't anymore 	1
	
	
really ??!?! it’s also linkedin bring in your parents day . many companies are welcoming their employees ’ moms & dads 	3
your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography - new york times : new york times your … thomas tolkien 	3
new york times most viewed stories : your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography ari pregen 	3
your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography #thenewyorktimes 	3
" your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography " @nytimes #trending #news 	3
your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography - new york times new york times your thursday briefi … 	3
your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography - the new york times 	3
your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography - new york times : new york timesyour thursday br ... 	3
#wellingtonhere your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography - new york times ... #wellingtonhere 	3
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 	2
breaking : your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography - new york times : n ... #khaatumo #khatumo 	3
latest news egypt justin trudeau bush biography #worldnews #news #breakingnews 	3
" your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography " via nyt #news 	3
your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography icymi 	3
your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography … 	3
your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography - #soical 	3
on this tuesday : 	3
rt @earthquakesfeed : top stories : your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography - new york times : new york timesyou ... http … 	3
kesha likes " your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography " by adeel hassan … 	3
your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography - new york times : new york … 	3
" your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography " adeel hassan 	3
#egypt , #justintrudeau , #bush biography @nytimes 	3
your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography - new york times : new … 	3
your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography - new york times #news 	3
" your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography " by adeel hassan via nyt 	3
#newsupdate your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography - new york times : new york ... #retweet 	3
news update : your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography - new york times 	3
web dsign #guaranteedseo #seoagency #seopricing #charlotte your thursday briefing : egyp ... 	3
yare your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography - new york times : new york timesyour t ... yare 	3
nytimes : your thursday briefing 	3
" your thursday briefing : egypt , justin trudeau , bush biography " via @nytimes : #trending #news 	3
busy morning ? here's what you need to know to start your day . 	1
	
	
country music honors its less-heralded talents : chris stapleton was male vocalist of the year ... #breaking #news 	1
at c.m.a. awards , triumph for chris stapleton and country music’s fringes 	1
" country music honors its less-heralded talents " #hot #entertainment #celebrities 	1
country music honors its less-heralded talents : chris stapleton was male vocalist of the year at the ... #nytimes 	1
#music #review at c.m.a. awards , country music honors some less-heralded talents : every so often , country musi ... 	1
[ new york times ] country music honors its less-heralded talents : chris stapleton was male vocalist of the year ... 	1
country music honors its less-heralded talents : chris stapleton was male vocalist of the year at the c.m.a. aw ... 	1
country music honors its less-heralded talents : chris stapleton was male vocalist of the year at … #countrymusicassn 	1
sexenio country music honors its less-heralded talents : chris stapleton was male vocalist of the year ... @sexenio 	1
#news country music honors its less-heralded talents : chris stapleton was male vocalist ... 	1
country music honors its less-heralded talents : chris stapleton was male vocalist of the year a ... @raulmarmolejo 	1
country music honors its less-heralded talents : chris stapleton was male vocalist of the year at t ... #nyttopnews 	1
#tnn :: country music honors its less-heralded talents 	3
" critic’s notebook : at c.m.a. awards , triumph for chris stapleton and country music’s fringes " #hot #entertainment … 	1
rt celeb_hotnews " critic’s notebook : at c.m.a. awards , triumph for chris stapleton and country music’s fringes " #h … 	1
#news #politics #us chris stapleton was male vocalist of the year at the c.m.a. awards , while little big town ’ ... 	1
retweeted officialmarygauthier ( @marygauthier_ ) : at c.m.a. awards , country music honors some less-heralded ... 	1
[ new york times ] country music honors its less-heralded talents [ united states ] 	1
country music honors its less-heralded talents via @iactualizado 	3
#nyt : country music honors its less-heralded talents #usa 	1
rt @marygauthier_ : at c.m.a. awards , country music honors some less-heralded talents 	1
critic’s notebook : at c.m.a. awards , country music honors some less-heralded talents : chris stapleton , who has ... 	1
rt @joncaramanica : chris stapleton and " girl crush " make the cmas a ( mostly ) no-bro zone 	3
#acenewsreport - country music honors its less-heralded talents : chris stapleton was male vocalist of ... #ans2015 	1
somaliland : country music honors its less-heralded talents : chris stapleton was male vocalist of t ... #somaliland 	1
chris stapleton and little big town won big last night at the c.m.a.s 	1
	
	
during cameron's talk w/ sisi , he might want 2 mention returning egypt 2 democratic govt from military dictatorship . 	3
britain and egypt to meet amid concerns bomb brought down russian plane - new york times : 	2
nytimes me : cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns bomb brought down russian plane : the meeting , at wh ... #israel 	2
british prime minister says bomb ' more likely than not ' caused russian plane crash … #news 	1
rt @truenewssource : cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns bomb brought down russian plane : the meeting , at which the leaders were ... https … 	2
british prime minister says bomb ‘ more likely than not ’ caused russian plane crash : after meeting with the egy ... 	1
cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns bomb brought down russian plane : the meeting , at which the leader ... #news 	2
ny times : cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns bomb brought down russian plane : the meeting , at which the le ... 	2
rt @nytimesworld : david cameron of britain and abdel fattah el-sisi of egypt will meet today to discuss the plane crash in sinai . … 	2
britain's cameron and egypt's sisi to meet amid concerns bomb brought down russian plane 	2
cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns #bomb brought down russian plane - the new york times 	2
cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns over crashed jet in sinai : the meeting , at which the leaders were to di ... 	1
nyt : cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns over crashed jet in sinai 	1
latest news : cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns over crashed jet in sinai : the meeting , at which the leade ... 	1
#出会い #無料 #セフレ #メル友 british prime minister says bomb ' more likely than not ' caused russian plane cra 	3
( nytimes ) cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns over crashed jet in sinai : the meeting , at which the leaders ... 	1
britain and egypt to meet amid concerns bomb brought down russian plane : the meeting , at which the leaders wer ... 	2
#結婚 #婚活 #セフレ #メル友 britain and egypt to meet amid concerns bomb brought down russian plane - new yo 	3
rt @maxabrahms : cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns bomb brought down russian plane 	2
#nytimes british prime minister says bomb ‘ more likely than not ’ caused russian plane crash : after meeting wit ... 	2
#news cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns over crashed jet in sinai : the meeting , at which the leaders were ... 	1
cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns bomb brought down russian plane : the meeting , at which th ... #news #europe 	2
british prime minister says bomb ‘ more likely than not ’ caused russian plane crash #mediator 	1
nyt > orta doğu : cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns bomb brought down russian plane : the meeting ... #retweet 	2
via nyt > middle east 	3
cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns bomb brought down russian plane #tunisia 	2
cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns over crashed jet in sinai #newyorktimes 	1
" british prime minister says bomb ‘ more likely than not ’ caused russian plane crash " by dan bilefsky via nyt 	1
nyt global : cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns over crashed jet in sinai : the meeting , at which the leader ... 	1
pm cameron of britain and president el-sisi of egypt will meet today to discuss the plane crash in sinai . 	2
#nytimes cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns over crashed jet in sinai : the meeting , at which the ... #services 	1
" cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns bomb brought down russian plane " by dan bilefsky via nyt 	1
new york times - cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns over crashed jet in sinai : the meeting , at which the l ... 	1
cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns bomb brought down russian plane via @nytimes 	1
cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns bomb brought down russian plane : the meeting , at whic ... via @nytimes #bds 	1
britain and egypt to meet amid concerns bomb brought down russian plane - - #world 	1
[ ny times ws asia ] britain and egypt to meet amid concerns bomb brought down russian plane : the meeting , at wh ... 	1
nyt- cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns bomb brought down russian plane : the meeting , at which the leaders ... 	1
#teamyamita cameron and sisi to meet amid concerns bomb brought down russian plane : the me ... unete a #teamyamita 	1
britain and egypt are meeting this afternoon to discuss the russian plane crash in egypt . the meeting could be tense 	1
	
	
" her childhood was in a desperate , losing race with the war : which would be finished first ? " 	3
the displaced : hana : at 12 , she has lived one-quarter of her life in a debilitating state of suspension as a s ... 	1
nyt- the displaced : hana : at 12 , she has lived one-quarter of her life in a debilitating state of suspension a ... 	1
#tnt the displaced : hana : at 12 , she has lived one-quarter of her life in a debilitating state of sus ... #lebanon 	1
the displaced : hana #sahelnews 	3
#teamyamita the displaced : hana : at 12 , she has lived one-quarter of her life in a debilit ... unete a #teamyamita 	1
#nytimes the displaced : hana : at 12 , she has lived one-quarter of her life in a debilitating state of suspensi ... 	1
rt @azelin : the displaced : hana 	3
" the displaced : hana " refugees and displaced persons , middle east and africa migrant crisis 	3
rt @jeanniechoi : virtual reality is here ! and this is how we work at @nytmag now 	3
this is some amazing work from @nytimes , and a great use of virtual reality . 	3
an important read to #humanize #syrians , rather than treat them solely as numbers : " the #displaced : hana " 	3
rt @mrmattwilley : brilliantly written ( @susandominus ) & photo'd ( @lynseyaddario ) piece about a 12 year old syrian refugee called hana . http … 	3
nyt > orta doğu : the displaced : hana : at 12 , she has lived one-quarter of her life in a debilitating ... #retweet 	1
rt @msf_sea : at 12 , hana has lived 1/4r of her life in a debilitating state of suspension as a #syrian refugee in #lebanon … 	1
the displaced : hana via @nytimes 	3
via nyt > middle east 	3
one young refugee girl's story ... the displaced : hana 	3
#newyorktimes the displaced : hana : at 12 , she has lived one-quarter of her life in a debilitating state ... #syria 	1
the displaced hana - new york times : new york times the displaced hana new york times hana … 	1
the displaced : hana : at 12 , she has lived one-quarter of her life in a debilitating state of ... via @nytimes #bds 	1
@trentoantonio " the displaced : hana " by susan dominus via nyt #blackgatzu #mustread 	3
" the displaced : hana " by susan dominus via nyt the new york times 	3
you got to check this ! the displaced hana : linksexplorer ... www.myeponlinks 	3
the displaced : hana - - #magazine 	3
" the displaced : hana " at 12 , she has lived one-quarter of her life in a debilitating state of suspension as a syria … 	1
nytimes me : the displaced : hana : at 12 , she has lived one-quarter of her life in a debilitating state ... #israel 	1
this amazing piece by @susandominus tells the story of hana , 12yo syrian girl who is in our vr doc " the displaced " : 	3
1 . hana , 12 , left syria 3 years ago . now she works in a field in lebanon , dreaming of home 	1
	
	
rt freeunnamednews justin timberlake shows crossover appeal at c.m.a. awards - - #arts 	1
" justin timberlake shows crossover appeal at c.m.a. awards " by katie rogers via nyt the new york times 	1
in the words of @matt_dayii , tennessee whiskey " is like mouthwash . you're supposed to spit it out . " #bourbonlife 	3
justin timberlake shows crossover appeal at c.m.a. awards via nyt 	1
" justin timberlake shows crossover appeal at c.m.a. awards " in a performance with chris stapleton , mr. timberlake r … 	1
nyt : " justin timberlake shows crossover appeal at c.m.a. awards " by katie rogers . 	1
" justin timberlake shows crossover appeal at c.m.a. awards " music , country music 	1
rt freenytimes justin timberlake shows crossover appeal at c.m.a. awards - - #arts 	1
#art review " justin timberlake shows crossover appeal at c.m.a. awards " by katie rogers via nyt 	1
loving this collaboration ! worth the listen . #justintimberlake and #chrisstapleton @nytimes 	3
give these beauties a listen ! justin timberlake shows crossover appeal at c.m.a. awards 	1
" justin timberlake shows crossover appeal at c.m.a. awards " #art #music #pop #jazz #streetart #banksy #graffiti #m … 	1
" justin timberlake shows crossover appeal at c.m.a. awards " by #katie rogers #nyt 	1
nyt says @justintimberlake showed last night " that he's just a #memphis boy at heart . " love it ! 	2
listening to this for the rest of my life ... justin timberlake shows crossover appeal at c.m.a. awards 	1
" justin timberlake shows crossover appeal at c.m.a. awards " by katie rogers via nyt #artnews 	1
this is excellent ! justin timberlake shows crossover appeal at c.m.a. awards 	1
justin timberlake shows crossover appeal at c.m.a. awards : justin timberlake , a musician who ... #music #recording 	1
justin timberlake reminded everyone at the c.m.a. awards that he's a memphis boy at heart 	1
	
	
@waxpancake @andymcmillan almost expected the signs from @xoxo to be included here . 	3
hooray for all gender/gender inclusive bathrooms ! @nytimes @fakedansavage 	3
rt @ppofto : in all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the times 	1
signage design and vocabulary collide , not a font issue - in all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the times 	1
in all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the times - new york times #newyork 	1
#nytimes in all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the times 	1
( #diime ) in all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the times ( #gordiitoo ) 	1
just wondering why this story is in the styles section > in all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the times 	3
@griffingale why does the us have to make everything so hard ? in all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the times 	1
all-gender restrooms . well damn , there goes no waits at the concerts . 	3
this : " children don’t know gender norms until we as adults teach them . " all-gender restroom signs : from @nytimes 	3
creating a culture of acceptance & inclusion means communicating both clearly ( not always easy ) #infodesign 	3
what's all the buzz about bathrooms !? this is a great new article with lots of history and images . check it out . 	3
new york times most viewed stories : in all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the times ari pregen 	1
rt @jennlmtaylor : " ... restrooms have been a curious ground zero for civil rights " in all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the times http … 	1
in all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the times via @nytimes 	1
be concise and inclusive ; just call it " toilet " . in all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the times 	1
bc law lib is in good company ! our gender neutral restrooms are on the 2nd floor . #bclaw 	3
stupidity ! in mad equality rush , women sacrifice another privilege . mothers , pregnant women deserve more privacy . an … 	3
rt @loebvernon : a must read in post-hero houston : in all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the times @nancycbarnes @havana58 … 	1
" in all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the times " #alist #feedly 	1
timely topic : #signage for gender inclusive bathrooms | via @nytimes 	1
" men , women , and the rest of us " -- various approaches , mixed success in creating inclusive bathrooms 	3
good grief ... would it really be so bad to just label the room " toilet " - 	3
all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the times i have yet to install one but i have a feeling it wont be long . 	1
" men women and the rest of us " love it !! in all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the times 	1
#endpop #anythingbox in all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the … #music #claudeworks 	1
interesting design challenge . signs for all-gender restrooms – 	3
in all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the times - the new york times 	1
from the new york times - a debate about restroom signs 	3
@marykassian @nancydemoss in all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the times what r your opinion on this ? 	1
a @nytimes must-read for post- #hero houston : " in all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the times " via @loebvernon 	1
as gender lines blur , so do the restrooms via @nytimes #genderequality #lgbtq 	3
love - in all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the times 	1
in all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect the times #mcggovt made me think about cultural pathway of action 	3
sensible article on " bathroom " issue . solutions , rather than hesteria > " all-gender restrooms , the signs reflect " > 	3
recasting the traditional men’s/women’s room involves a range of ( often creative ) signage 	1
	
	
a #leadership profile on @carlyfiorina or a #sexist rant ? would they say this about a male ceo ? 	3
rt @legendaryalans : nytimes : as a boss , carly fiorina was a contradictory figure at hewlett-packard 	2
world news >> " as a boss , carly fiorina was a contradictory figure at hewlett-packard - new york times " 	2
or two-faced and bi-polar .. as a boss , @carlyfiorina was a contradictory figure at hewlett-packard ” @abronxchick 	2
as a boss , carly fiorina was a contradictory figure at hewlett-packard : via @nytpolitics 	2
i was there ! worst ceo ever !!! as a boss , carly fiorina was a contradictory figure at hewlett-packard 	2
rt @dliebelson : good time to read this @nytimes piece on carly fiorina again : 	1
rt @amychozick : dig into this deep , nuanced look at what carly fiorina was like as a manager , by @mikiebarb 	1
nyt paints objective but inaccurate portrait of fiorina at hp . her circle of fans was very small , from my reporting . 	3
" as a boss , carly fiorina was a contradictory figure at hewlett-packard " by michael barbaro via nyt 	2
interesting look at how fiorina's behavior rubbed up against hp culture sometimes - and sometimes not 	1
she may have read " the hp way " five times , but carly fiorina certainly didn't follow it ! 	3
rt @realtimehack : as a boss , carly fiorina was a contradictory figure at hewlett-packard - new york times #gn 	2
as a #boss , #carlyfiorina was a contradictory figure at #hewlettpackard #hp #ceofail #gop #candidate #2016 	2
as a boss , carly fiorina was a contradictory figure at hewlett-packard : at hewlett-packard , carly fiorina avoi ... 	2
hard to imagine this doesn't cover compaq , board espionage , and so many fails . fiorina’s time as the chief of hp 	3
rt @therreport : or two-faced and bi-polar .... as a boss , carly fiorina was a contradictory figure at hewlett-packard … 	2
rt @ohiomail : good read here ==>> as a boss , carly fiorina was a contradictory figure at hewlett-packard @kemet2000 	3
rt @nickconfessore : exhilarating , blunt , self-punishing : @mikiebarb's deep dive into @carlyfiorina's management style .… 	3
rt @mickson : i love stories that focus on the human side . as a boss , carly fiorina was a contradictory figure at hewlett-packard … 	2
rt @kemet2000 : as a boss , carly fiorina was a contradictory figure at hewlett-packard 	2
robotic , ' always certain , usually wrong ' elitist : ' as a boss , @carlyfiorina was a contradictory figure at hp ' #trump 	2
" who is the biggest opponent of this initiative ? " , carly fiorina asked . and she put him in charge of it . " #wow 	3
#vintage #retro #80s as a boss , carly fiorina was a contradictory figure at hewlett-packard - new york times 	2
as a boss , carly fiorina was a contradictory figure at hewlett-packard #republicanextremism #plannedparenthood 	2
rt @danielpink : " when introducing herself in the employee newsletter , she highlighted her 52-foot yacht . " 	3
politics : as a boss , carly fiorina was a contradictory figure at hewlett-packard 	1
i was there ! worst ceo ever !!! as a boss , carly fiorina was a contradictory figure at hew … 	3
carly fiorina’s former hewlett-packard employees on her day-to-day management style : warm one day , cold the next 	1
	
	
this article by @sweatscience is absolutely genius : how salad can make us fat - 	2
rt @suman7 : great article on the licensing effect . where we allow ourselves to indulge because we are doing or can do somethi ... … 	1
rt @whartonschoolpr : hungry ? ' how salad can make us fat ' - @faderp , @ebradlow research & our tit-for-tat habits : … 	2
rt @amykrd : how salad can make us fat 	2
how salad can make us fat or why you should hold yourself to a higher standard when making health decisions #fb 	1
i loved this article : " how salad can make us fat " ( via @pocket ) 	2
rt @edyson : yet another useful take on behavioral ec : how salad can make us fat @waytowellville 	2
you ordered a salad . go ahead with that mega-sized double cheeseburger meal . you deserve it ! 	1
we are all but a few seemingly rational justifications away from eating ice cream instead of #kale . #health #food 	1
food for thought . how salad can make us fat #healthyliving #mindfulness 	2
hungry ? ' how salad can make us fat ' - @faderp , @ebradlow research & our tit-for-tat habits : @nytopinion 	2
rt @ciaralosty : the licencing effect ; balancing your health choices & seeing each health decision in isolation 	2
rt @qkotas : how salad can make us fat : 	2
fantastic read !!! >>> how salad can make you fat . 	2
how salad can make us fat how ? the " licensing effect " 	2
psychology behind indulging with the option to eat/live healthy 	1
how salad can make us fat how about that , sounds familiar ? yes ? well , looks like some people don't get it , right ? 	3
rt why " everything in moderation " might not be the best course of action ... #healthylivin … 	3
another good piece from @sweatscience , on how innate drive to balance " vice " and " virtue " leads to bad decisions : 	3
how salad can make us fat ~ #health #nutrition #psycology 	2
a metaphor for our path through the aisles of life : the more kale in your cart , the more ice cream you can buy . 	1
why " everything in moderation " might not be the best course of action ... #healthyliving #lifestyle #jerf 	3
human beings have an uncanny and destructive ability to blame everything but ourselves - 	3
" you’re more likely to choose french fries if there’s a green salad available . " 	3
reward yourself with ice cream or an extra beer after a killer workout ? here's how virtuous behavior makes us fat . 	1
rt @wharton : think adding kale to your grocery cart means you will eat healthier ? think again : #research 	1
rt @jana_hirsch : " how salad can make us fat " ways we " balance " healthy decisions with unhealthy ones via @nytimes 	1
really interesting article . fast food companies are cashing in on our mental shortcuts . - how salad can make us fat 	1
i remind my members to beware of the salad - this is a good read ! #saladmakingusfat 	3
read about the licensing effect . it's like the pelzman effect . -- how salad can make us fat 	1
how salad makes us fat and vitamins make us smoke more #psychology @nytimes 	1
how salad can make us fat via @nytimes 	2
creamy dressings , unfortunate topping choices , inappropriate scale . how #salad can make us #fat #foodie #health 	1
very insightful research on how we make #health decisions + killer headline : how salad can make us fat 	1
rt @kellymcgonigal : willpower instinct fans , give yourself some moral licensing credit for being years ahead of the nyt sunday review : http … 	1
rt @scicurious : how salad can ruin our diets . it's not the salad . it's what you eat with it . curse you , brain ! 	1
" hedonic balancing " -- how salad can make us fat #nutrition #health 	2
fascinating data : how salad can make us fat @nytimes 	2
food psychology at its best | how salad can make us fat 	1
@sweatscience revisits the licensing effect and human desire to balance out our altruistic health intentions . 	1
how salad can make us fat or , how to stop aiming to be healthy , and live healthily ! 	1
rt @arkgenome : the ways that #salad can make you fat : also don't eat bacon . i mean , you're going to die anyway . 	1
@nrgtribe @janvyjidak @samuelemarcora @wyadvd @dyldahl licensing theory > poor consistency lt 	3
rt @vasvalch : how salad can make us fat - great article on how going for a healthy option can get you into trouble afterwards : … 	1
how salad can make you fat #diet #health #obesity 	2
what role does the licensing effect play in grocery stores ? via wharton 	1
interesting article on the license we give ourselves to indulge in unhealthy behaviour .. " how salad can make us fat " 	1
rt @nrgtraining : some really interesting points about how we make decisions relating to food and exercise . have you been fallen ... https :/ … 	1
how salad can make us fat #goodreads 	2
possibly the real reason @mcdonalds , @burgerking etc . offer salads : #trick #scam #health #food 	1
" how salad can make us fat " #wellbeing 	2
rt @nytopinion : . @sweatscience on the " licensing effect " — when you eat an extra cookie after the gym : … 	1
	
	
rt - christophera65 - many schools failing on #type1 #diabetes #t1d care - 	2
you may find this article shocking given the standards of care we're used to in this area . but too many schools ... 	3
rt @jledsty : many schools failing on type 1 diabetes care 	2
this is exactly the type of discrimination my pro bono practice seeks to eliminate by applying available federal ... 	3
rt @mhealthinsight : schools are failing patients with diabetes at #wdc2015 we'll share how mhealth can help them ht … 	1
type i diabetes & schools -- 	3
many schools failing on #type1diabetes care , but @amdiabetesassn's #safeatschool prgm is there to help via @nytimes 	2
rt @tarahaelle : completely outrageous – and completely illegal . public schools bar entry to students with type 1 diabetes . … 	3
in 2013 doj found that the state of #alabama systematically discriminated against diabetic schoolchildren for years 	3
schools failing in t1d care 	1
many schools failing on type 1 diabetes care #shopforpetcages 	2
rt @kellyrawlings : many schools failing on type 1 diabetes care your rights as a person w/ diabetes : … 	2
rt - 100greatnurses - many schools failing students on type 1 #diabetes care - 	2
this is a disaster . many schools failing on type 1 diabetes care 	2
rt - _takeoneday - nytimes : " many schools failing on #type1 #diabetes care " - 	2
many schools failing on #type1diabetes care , but the association's #safeatschool prgm is there to help via @nytimes 	2
many #schools failing on diabetes #care for students 	2
doe your child have type 1 diabetes ? you should have a 504 plan in school detailing all the care and support ... 	3
rt @motokorich : many school fail to provide legally mandated care for students with type 1 diabetes @cslnyt 	1
rt @amdiabetesassn : many schools failing on #type1diabetes care , but the association's #safeatschool prgm is there to help … 	2
rt @curet1diabetes : many schools failing on type 1 #diabetes care unacceptable in 2015 ! 	2
rt @mhealthinsight : schools are failing diabetics at #wdc2015 we'll share how #mhealth can turn this around https :/ … 	2
rt @andeshealthmart : many schools failing on type 1 #diabetes care #t1d 	2
rt - jdrfkentucky - many schools failing on type 1 #diabetes care via nytimes #t1d - 	2
this is scary . 	3
please read and share this article published in the new york times which highlights the challenges of many ... 	3
rt @ada_nj : many schools failing on #type1diabetes care , but @amdiabetesassn's #safeatschool prgm is there to help … 	2
good info on how to support a student w/ type 1 diabetes : via @cslnyt #edchat #health #childhoodobesity 	3
rt @jdrf : many schools failing on type 1 #diabetes care via @nytimes #t1d 	2
funds raised through tour de cure help support ada programs like safe at school . 	3
rt @adabayarea : find out more about this under-appreciated issue . the american diabetes association is working to ensure that ... … 	2
top story : many schools failing on type 1 diabetes care see more 	2
this is appalling to me ! have you experienced a school disallowing students to attend based upon an illness or ... 	3
many schools failing on type 1 diabetes care - the new york times 	2
just awful : headmaster says " owen would never be accepted because of " type 1 diabetes 	3
rt @diabetes4cast : many schools failing on #t1d care , but @amdiabetesassn's #safeatschool program is there to help : … 	3
rt @windchaser22 : here's an idea .. hire a school nurse in every school ! many schools failing on type 1 diabetes care … 	3
many schools failing on type 1 diabetes care some distressing experiences described here 	2
many schools are failing on diabetes care . many parents don’t know they have the legal right to insist on it . 	1
	
	
. excited to see the demographic-adjustments for the naep @mattchingos ! see here for why it matters : 	3
florida's commitment to excellence in education is paying off and the numbers prove it ! 	1
rt @prranch : surprise ! texas is actually very good at educating students : 	1
surprise : florida and texas excel in math and reading scores via @upshotnyt #newmexicotrue 	2
rt @office4edpolicy : arkansas , florida , & texas math and reading test scores do not often take into account varied student demographics . ht … 	1
" surprise : florida and texas excel in math and reading scores " via @upshotnyt #naep 	2
1/2 @dleonhardt misses the big picture , as econ-based writers often do in writing about educ : no , fl & tx aren't ... 	3
educational stats are fractal . they describe communities not schools . via @upshotnyt 	3
rt @greg_ashman : surprise : florida and texas excel in math and reading scores via @upshotnyt 	2
rt @upshotnyt : when you consider students they serve , california's schools teach math and reading about as well as mississippi's . https://… 	3
i've said it before and i'll say it again . texas schools are among the best in the nation . 	3
rt turns out #texas & #florida excel in #math & #reading scores . 	3
why test scores in texas ( and florida ) are actually pretty darn good : #e3043 	1
very important data/analysis ( from 2013)-surprise : florida and texas excel in math and reading scores via @upshotnyt 	2
surprise ! fla & tx aren't ranked 30 & 32 in state edu rankings , but rather 3rd & 4th ; lean in to the #s : @upshotnyt 	3
rt @jandersonqz : smart take @dleonhardt re naep ( surprise : florida and texas excel in math and reading scores ) 	2
surprise : florida and texas excel in math and reading scores - the new york times - 	2
our republican education policies are giving all of florida's students the opportunity to succeed ! 	1
florida appears to be well above average at teaching their students #math & #reading . 	1
rt @urbaninstitute : fl & tx excel in math , reading scores : our report : … 	1
rt @chrisbarbic : powerful ! 	3
a second look at test scores . surprise : florida and texas excel in math and reading scores via @upshotnyt 	2
how are all our for-profit charters working for mi ? we're 44 out of 50 . still ahead of ms though ! via @upshotnyt 	3
rt @reversingasd : conservative/republican states fl & texas excel in math&reading scores ! liberal/democrat ca is last ! @realdonaldtrump http … 	1
rt @upshotnyt : when you consider students they serve , california's schools teach math and reading about as well as mississippi's . … 	3
rt @upshotnyt : how the states really did on the math and reading tests . you must acount for demographics . … 	1
rt @alfiekohn : 1/2 @dleonhardt misses the big picture , as econ-based writers often do in writing about educ : no , f … 	3
rt @jkwilsiii : the truth behind recent naep scores surprise : florida and texas excel in math and reading scores 	1
among the largest states , california is dead last in education . 	3
rt @annaeforhisd : surprise : florida and texas excel in math and reading scores 	2
lowering standards to make students feel better doesn't fix the problem . 	3
rt @dleonhardt : when you consider students they serve , california's schools teach math and reading about as well as mississippi's . https :/ … 	3
rt @donica : nevada education needs help but is improving faster than any other state , especially when adjusted for demographics . … 	3
rt @charrito23 : ny times : raw scores give misleading idea of school progress : florida and texas excel in math and reading scores … 	2
grading on the curve : surprise : florida and texas excel in math and reading scores via @instapaper 	2
“ surprise : florida and texas excel in math and reading scores ” , reports @nytimes 	2
rt upshotnyt : when you consider students they serve , california's schools teach math and … 	3
ca naep gain 2003-13 , 13th largest among 50 states . but overall 46th and poor by both raw scores and demo adjusted . 	3
@jimdabakis i'm with you . #ashamed . #utah can do better shame on our @govherbert #women #kids #matter via @upshotnyt 	3
rt @cveiga : interesting reading ahead of naep release tomorrow : surprise : florida and texas excel in math and reading scores ... … 	2
a surprising new study finds that texas and florida excel in math and reading . here's why : 	1
	
	
latest news update from luisa florez . be it mets or royals , winner of world series will end a long drought 	2
good analysis of both teams . be it mets or royals , winner of world series will end a long drought 	2
be it new york mets or kansas city royals , winner of world series will end a long drought #baseball #currentnewstest 	2
be it mets or royals , winner of world series will end a long drought #mets #royals 	2
be it mets or royals , winner of world series will end a long drought what you'd expect from the mets ' hometown rag . 	2
yeah !!!! check out this link by nyt > home page 	3
rt @krs21da : be it mets or royals , winner of world series will end a long drought 	2
be it #mets or #royals , winner of world series will end a long drought , writes tyler kepner #worldseries 	2
be it mets or royals , winner of world series will end a long drought go mets . 	2
be it #mets or #royals , winner of #worldseries will end a long drought 	2
be it mets or royals , winner of world series will end a long drought ( ny times ) 	2
be it mets or royals , winner of world series will end a long drought - - #sports 	2
be it mets or royals , winner of world series will end a long drought : via @nytsports 	2
new york times - be it mets or royals , winner of world series will end a long drought 	2
i still can't get over the fact that we're calling the average time it takes to win a world series a “ long drought ” 	2
[ bot ] be it mets or royals , winner of world series will end a long drought 	2
let's get the world series started tonight ! be it mets or royals , winner of world series will end a long drought 	2
kansas city royals have not won a championship since 1985 , the mets since 1986 . world series will end a long drought 	1
( #byy ) be it mets or royals , winner of world series will end a long drought ( #maiicool ) 	2
🍃be it mets or royals , winner of world series will end a long drought 	2
be it mets or royals , winner of world series will end a long drought - new york times #worldseries 	2
rt @sportsbarker : world series : the matchup #kansascityroyals #mlb #newyorkmets #worldseries >>> … 	2
#unete #teamyamita be it mets or royals , winner of world series will end a long drought : it ... #unete #teamyamita 	3
#30daysstartup be it mets or royals , winner of world ... #startu … 	2
rt @nytsports : be it the mets or the royals , the winner of the world series will end a long drought . … 	1
	
	
joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run /glad he is not running after watching him lie on 60 minutes ! 	1
ny times : joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run 	1
#joebiden says #family held sway in decision not to run #democrat 	1
joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run - new york times #ff ♨ 	1
( nytimes ) joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run : in an appearance on “ 60 minutes , ” vice presi ... 	1
joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run : in an appearance on “ 60 minutes , ” vice president josep ... 	1
reason #456 why i deeply respect mr. biden . | joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run 	1
rt @midtownny : on " 60 minutes " : joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run 	1
#news joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run : in an appearance on “ 60 m ... 	1
biden's not running 4 potus . the media create mountains outta molehills . cheers 2 prioritizing life over politics . 	3
joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run : washington — vice president joseph r . biden jr. delaye ... 	1
joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run : via @nytpolitics 	1
new york times joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run new york times washington — vice president … 	1
biden says family held sway in abstraction not to run 	1
nyt : joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run 	1
joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run smart move . why waste time , energy , and money ? 	1
new : joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run 	1
rt @auerswald : rt @tackettdc : joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run @gardinerharris 	1
#elarcadetwitter joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run : in an appearance on ... #thearkoftwitter 	1
joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run - the new york times 	1
joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run so maureen dowd had it all wrong ?! 	1
after 40 yrs this is not the reason why he never was pres . - joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run 	1
joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run : in an appearance on “ 60 minutes , ” vice president ... ( nyt ) 	1
joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run via nytimes 	1
#cuba #usa joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run : in an appearance on “ 6 ... #palabrasentreelcafe 	1
joe biden says family held sway in decision not to run #uspoli 	1
joe biden delayed making a decision about a presidential campaign in part because of the tears of his granddaughter 	1
	
	
one state's struggle to make ends meet : why illinois is without a budget 	2
going on 5 months without a budget ... #civics #rrmfengage 	2
why illinois is without a budget @lgerard 	2
rt @kyc_egv : " ... people who would normally be helped by nonprofits , like the homeless , have begun to show up at jail instead ,... … 	3
rt @virginiayoung : one state’s struggle to make ends meet : why illinois is without a budget 	2
rt @noafran : one state’s struggle to make ends meet : why illinois is without a budget @nytimes … 	2
can this picture be any more dystopian " one state’s struggle to make ends meet : why illinois is without a budget " 	2
#illinois without a #budget social service orgs with contracts & #low -income populations they serve suffer the most 	3
one state’s struggle to make ends meet : why illinois is without a budget members of gov's own party question tactics 	2
shameful rt @ one state’s struggle to make ends meet : why illinois is without a budget 	2
for il #nonprofits " what was already difficult is becoming impossible . ” #chooserevenue #enoughisenough 	3
rt @poderworks : for il #nonprofits " what was already difficult is becoming impossible . ” #chooserevenue #enoughiseno … 	3
rt @donorsforum : one state’s struggle to make ends meet : why illinois is without a budget #ilbudget #twill https://… 	3
in illinois , you can win the lottery but not get your money . why ? 	1
	
	
nytimes o rbg @mkocur 	3
rt @ginsburgjobs : review : ‘ #notoriousrbg : the life and times of ruth bader ginsburg ’ 	1
“ the anecdote that describes her best is that there are no anecdotes . ” #notoriousrbg #nowonaudible via @jenseniorny 	3
rt @mauracunningham : yet another #book that i absolutely must read . review : ‘ notorious rbg : the life and times of ruth bader ginsburg ’ http … 	3
#ginsberg #iconic ginsberg review : ‘ notorious rbg : the life and times of ruth bader ginsburg ’ 	1
all praise to rbg . 	3
rt @jessicavalenti : review : ‘ notorious rbg : the life and times of ruth bader ginsburg ’ amazing review for an amazin … 	1
rt @suzykhimm : happy publication day , @irin ! glowing review of notorious rbg here : buy it here : … 	3
rt @mkurlandsky : i need this book : " as if a scrapbook and the talmud decided to have a baby " | review : ‘ notorious rbg @jenseniorny https://… 	3
rt @thombowen : review : ‘ notorious rbg : the life and times of ruth bader ginsburg ’ 	1
rt @jonathanchait : loving @jenseniorny as times book critic . here she reviews " notorious rbg " by @irin 	3
can't wait to read this ! rt review : ‘ notorious rbg : the life and times of ruth bader ginsburg ’ #rbg #nyt 	3
rt @jillfilipovic : it is awesome to see great work recognized , ie this rave @nytimes review for the notorious rbg bio by @irin @shanakn htt … 	3
rt @irin : floored by this warm review of @notoriousrbg and couldn't be happier by it's by the great @jenseniorny . 	3
rt @lindsayedgecom1 : so proud of this great review for @notoriousrbg in nyt book review : 	3
“ can’t spell the truth without ruth ” - so excited for notorious rbg's launch party tonight ! @jcheiffetz @girlsclubny 	3
rt @acav : . @nytimes book critic @jensenior is so moved by a passage in #notoriousrbg , she writes , " i dare you not to cry " … 	3
my girl💚 review : ‘ notorious rbg : the life and times of ruth bader ginsburg ’ 	1
" review : ‘ notorious rbg : the life and times of ruth bader ginsburg ’" by jennifer senior via nyt books 	1
rt @sallykohn : . @jensenior is so moved by a passage in #notoriousrbg , she writes , " i dare you not to cry " 	3
rt @dispositive : you know you're a ( c ) nerd when you are like " yeah , i love rbg too , but her views on ip are kind of not good … " … 	3
i want this book ... review : ‘ notorious rbg : the life and times of ruth bader ginsburg ’ 	1
have been so excited about #notoriousrgb book by @irin & @shanakn , & thx to @nytimes review now even more ! 	3
. @sherylsandberg : “ the most important career choice you’ll make is who you marry . ” review notorious rbg @jenseniorny 	3
all rise for the internet's favorite supreme court justice , the one and only notorious rbg . 	1
" ... as if a scrapbook and the talmud decided to have a baby . " @jenseniorny on @irin and @shanakn's @notoriousrbg . 	3
ny times review : ‘ notorious rbg : the life and times of ruth bader ginsburg ’ 	1
review : ‘ notorious rbg : the life and times of ruth bader ginsburg ’ amazing review for an amazing book 	1
review : ‘ notorious rbg : the life and times of ruth bader ginsburg ’ ( ny times ) . 	1
récension du livre ' notorious rbg : the life and times of ruth bader ginsburg ' dans le nyt : 	1
rt @johnvneun : not the onion ... today i learned : the new biography of ruth bader ginsberg is titled " notorious rbg " 	3
we must be the ones who choose her replacement ( g , o , t , v . ) and i can think of 1 person who will be conveniently ... 	3
criticisms duly noted . still psyched for this : ‘ notorious rbg : the life and times of ruth bader ginsburg ’ 	1
rt @hergirlfri : congrats to our past panelist @irin for her new book on the #notoriousrbg 👑 	3
rt @nilofer : . @nytimes book critic @jensenior so moved by passage in #notoriousrbg . writes , " i dare you not to cry " 	3
can't wait to read #notoriousrgb . @nytimes book critic is so moved by a passage , she wrote , " i dare you not to cry " 	3
the the new york times review of the new ruth bader ginsburg book . #notoriousrbg 	3
rt @rickjoyce : the @nytimes describes this book as " ... a cheery curio , as if a scrapbook and the talmud decided to have a baby " … 	3
rt @harpercollins : . @nytimes says the authors of @notoriousrbg " make this unassuming , most studious woman come pulsing to life " : … 	3
i sure am enjoying @jenseniorny's new role as a daily book critic : 	3
rt @justfara : #review : #notorious #rbg : the life and times of #ruthbaderginsburg 	3
doesn't this lovely turn of phrase describe half the books for sale at urban outfitters ? 	3
it started as a saucy blog about justice ginsburg , but " notorious rbg " is a frank , admiring piece of fan nonfiction 	1
	
	
rt @greenhousenyt : donald trump talks about how he didn't have it easy starting out . " my father gave me a small loan of $1 million . " https : … 	1
donald trump pulled himself up by his bootstraps & $40 million inheritance #tcot #uniteblue 	1
rt @viciousbabushka : donald trump pulled himself up by his bootstraps & $40 million inheritance #tcot #uniteblue ht … 	1
rt @viciousbabushka : donald trump pulled himself up by his bootstraps & $1 million from daddy #tcot #uniteblue http … 	1
donald trump pulled himself up by his bootstraps & $1 million from daddy #tcot #uniteblue 	2
rt @rdouglasjohnson : oh my goodness i missed trump saying his life's not been easy because he started with just $1000000 from his father ht … 	1
oh my goodness i missed trump saying his life's not been easy because he started with just $1000000 from his father 	1
verfuckingbatim : donald trump on the rough life , and getting $1 million from his father 	2
verbatim : donald trump on the rough life , and getting $1 million from his father via @nytpolitics 	2
it’s not been easy for me [ ... ] i started off in brooklyn . my father gave me a small loan of a million dollars . 	1
trump , not joking : life " has not been easy for me ... my father gave me a small loan of $1 million " via @nytpolitics 	1
verbatim : donald trump on the rough life , and getting $1 million from his father 	2
verbatim : donald trump on the rough life , and getting $1 million from his father via @nytpolitics @mobilekwetu 	2
my life would have been hard if my dad only gave me a million dollar loan too . #poortrump #smallmillon #nobigdeal 	1
#donaldtrump on the rough life , and getting $1 million from his father ---> all the fishes in the sea cry for him ... 	2
donald trump on the rough life , and getting $1 million from his father 	2
humble roots : donald #trump started out much like the rest of us , with a $1 million loan from his father . #news 	1
donald trump is donald trump after all ! man who has made his mark . isn't it ??? 	1
" my father gave me a small loan of a million dollars . " 	1
an old , sick , fucker . verbatim : trump on the rough life , and getting $1 million from his father via @nytpolitics 	2
verbatim : donald trump on the rough life , and getting $1 million from his father seriously ? 	2
echoing steve martin on how to make a million dollars and not pay taxes : " first , get a million dollars . " || 	3
verbatim : @realdonaldtrump on the rough life , and getting $1 #million from his father via @nytpolitics 	1
rt @jengranholm : “ @maggienyt : trumps " whole life , really , has been a no , and i fought through it . " ” sigh ... so muc … 	3
what to do when your life is so " hard " even with a " small " million $$$ loan #greed #nowords 	1
rt @jaberard : verbatim : donald trump on the rough life , and getting $1 million from his father 	2
" it’s not been easy for me ... my father gave me a small loan of a million dollars . " -donald trump . my face : 😐 	1
rt @maggienyt : trumps " whole life , really , has been a no , and i fought through it . " 	3
first draft : verbatim : donald trump on the rough life , and getting $1 million from his father . 	2
rt @cande313 : verbatim : donald trump on the rough life , and getting $1 million from his father via @nytpolitics 	2
could trump be more out of touch ? 	3
first draft : #verbatim : donald trump on the rough life , and getting $1 million from his father 	2
" it has not been easy for me ... my father gave me a small loan of a million dollars . " donald trump 	1
clearly a belated bday present . thank you , donald ! via @nytpolitics 	3
rt @pithywidow : no words , just love . donald trump on the rough life , and getting $1 million from his father via @nyt … 	2
no words , just love . donald trump on the rough life , and getting $1 million from his father via @nytpolitics 	2
#elarcadetwitter first draft : verbatim : donald trump on the rough life , and getting $1 millio ... #thearkoftwitter 	2
first draft : verbatim : donald trump on the rough life , and getting $1 million from his father : “ my father gave ... 	2
first draft : verbatim : donald trump on the rough life , and getting $1 million from his father 	2
rt @applebome : verbatim : donald trump on the rough life , and getting $1 million from his father via @nytpolitics 	2
rt @sarahposner : is there a tiny violin emoji ? verbatim : donald trump on the rough life , and getting $1 million from his father … 	2
" donald trump on the rough life : my father gave me a small loan of a million dollars . " 	1
pretty hard scrabble life when dad can lend you $1 mil and you have to pay it back with interest ! via @nytpolitics 	1
trump : " it’s not been easy for me . … my father gave me a small loan of a million dollars . " via @trendspottr 	1
according to #trump , life was rough for him . 	3
rt @nytpolitics : verbatim : donald trump on the rough life , and getting $1 million from his father . … 	1
	
	
rt @nytimes : how to use the broiler setting on your oven 	2
how to use the broiler setting on your oven 	2
rt @notiven : rt : @nytimes : how to use the broiler setting on your oven 	2
rt : @nytimes : how to use the broiler setting on your oven 	2
nytimes : how to use the broiler setting on your oven #networking 	2
how to use the broiler setting on your oven via nytimes 	2
nytimes : how to use the broiler setting on your oven 	2
. rt @nytimes how to use the broiler setting on your oven 	2
#news how to use the broiler setting on your oven 	2
nytimes : how to use the broiler setting on your oven #news #thenewyorktimes 	1
	
	
rt @nytimes : homelessness in new york city has worsened in the last 2 years under mayor bill de blasio … 	1
must read @naehomelessness : excellent look at #homelessness in nyc - de blasio struggles to curb homelessness " 	1
despite vow , mayor de blasio struggles to curb homelessness 	1
rt @naehomelessness : excellent look at #homelessness in nyc via @nytimes - de blasio struggles to curb homelessness 	1
despite mayor de blasio vow homelessness in new york city has worsened over the last two years : 	1
rt @nys_health : 40% of the 57,448 people in nyc homeless shelters right now are children via @nytimes #sdoh 	1
rt @funderstogether : what role can funders play to propel movement to #endhomelessness in cities like nyc where efforts are unsuccessful ? h … 	1
" by one key measure after another , homelessness in new york city has worsened over the last two years . " 	1
despite vow , mayor de blasio struggles to curb #homelessness : 	1
rt @furmancenternyu : . @nytimes : " despite vow , mayor de blasio struggles to curb homelessness " 	1
. @nytimes : " despite vow , mayor de blasio struggles to curb homelessness " 	1
rt @helpusa : " despite vow , mayor de blasio struggles to curb #homelessness " : - learn more about @helpusa solutions … 	1
rt @amstylianou : despite vow , mayor de blasio struggles to stop surge in homelessness 	1
what role can funders play to propel movement to #endhomelessness in cities like nyc where efforts are unsuccessful ? 	3
thank god for #one80place struggles to curb homelessness - the new york times 	1
homelessness increasing in nyc #inequality 	1
40% of the 57,448 people in nyc homeless shelters right now are children via @nytimes #sdoh 	1
rt @t_attika : #usa ; #newyork : despite vow , mayor de blasio struggles to curb homelessness - 	1
rt @ajplus : + 55,000 people sleep in nyc homeless shelters ... more than 40% of them are children . … 	1
rt @mc_nyc : “ an ever-growing homeless pop ... will not happen under our watch ” , bdb says . " but it has happened , " says @nytmetro … 	1
rt @natashajcabrera : 120,000 syrian refugees is a human tragedy , 58,000 homeless people , including 20,000 children , in nyc is shameful htt … 	1
rt @nys_health : homelessness in nyc has worsened over the last 2 years via @nytimes #sdoh 	1
rt @shift_in2_turbo : despite vow , mayor de blasio struggles to curb homelessness 	1
homelessness in nyc rose even w/de blasio admin's placement of 15k new yorkers in permanent housing last year : 	1
rt @paulrieckhoff : " despite vow , de blasio struggles to curb homelessness " see how nyc is failing vets : … 	1
" despite vow , de blasio struggles to curb homelessness " see how nyc is failing vets : #iava 	1
grim report on homeless new yorkers @kitastew 	3
despite vow , mayor de blasio struggles to curb homelessness does being an equity mayor help ? 	1
rt @cucsnyc : despite vow , mayor de blasio struggles to curb #homelessness @kitastew @jdavidgoodman 	1
despite vow , mayor de blasio struggles to curb #homelessness @kitastew @jdavidgoodman 	1
by one key measure after another , homelessness in new york city has worsened over the last two years . #cchnl 	1
" despite vow , mayor de blasio struggles to curb #homelessness " : - learn more about @helpusa solutions for #homeless 	1
homelessness in nyc has worsened over the last 2 years via @nytimes #sdoh 	1
the current #struggle to curb #homelessness . #ny @todaysverdict @bronxnettv 	1
rt @mch7576 : despite vow , mayor de blasio struggles to curb homelessness 	1
despite vow , mayor de blasio struggles to curb homelessness - new york times #newyork 	1
“ an ever-growing homeless pop ... will not happen under our watch ” , bdb says . " but it has happened , " says @nytmetro 	1
interesting about nyc persons who are homeless , 60k . mentions culture change but not one word on housing first . 	3
excellent look at #homelessness in nyc via @nytimes - de blasio struggles to curb homelessness 	3
rt @apathappears : despite promise that homelessness would not grow under their watch , @deblasionyc administration fails to curb issue . http … 	3
despite promise that homelessness would not grow under their watch , @deblasionyc administration fails to curb issue . 	3
homelessness in nyc has worsened . over 55,000 people — more than 40% of them children — are sleeping in shelters . 	1
	
	
my next reads ? " curiosity " by manguel because of nytimes article & ' scarcity ' because of #able2015 conference . 	3
reinventing the library 	1
rt @wherethestory : to's canadiana collection to be replaced by garden . access to history will be diminished . reinventing the library https : … 	1
to's canadiana collection to be replaced by garden . access to history will be diminished . reinventing the library 	1
" libraries have always been more than a place where readers come to read . " 	3
rt @dancohen : compare and contrast : alberto manguel on what libraries should do : what the public wants : … 	3
how can the library be reinvented ? 	3
would love to visit the library in alexandria one day . reinventing the library 	1
" we must be prepared to invest the system with more , not less funds , to allow it to reinvent itself . " @govrauner 	3
" librarians today are forced to take on a variety of functions that their society is too miserly or contemptuous to " 	3
reinventing the library : #libraries 	1
rt @donalynbooks : libraries and librarians as the keepers of our collective memories and identity : 	3
rt @bakerm73 : reinventing the library ( thanks to montserrat ) 	1
reinventing the library via @nytopinion 	1
libraries : ' clinics of the soul ' #lovelibraries #lovereading 	1
good read : the " clinic of the soul " : reinventing the library 	1
lovely ( quick read ) by manguel on the role of #librarians #libraries #books rp @nytimes 	3
reinventing the #library 	1
" it is in the nature of libraries to adapt to changing circumstances and threats , and all libraries exist in con ... " 	3
rt @alexarchivists : reinventing the library from ny times - 	1
reinventing the library from ny times - 	1
rt @lynrobinson : “ a library is not a homeless shelter , a nursery or a fun fair ” alberto manguel on “ reinventing the library ” … 	1
rt @kaylaablackwell : reinventing the library 	1
according to the greek historian diodorus siculus , one of the ancient libraries he saw in egypt carried above its ... 	3
" libraries have always been more than a place where readers come to read . " | 	1
rt @wellcomelibrary : alberto manguel : reinventing the library 	1
alberto manguel on reinventing the library 	1
“ … one of the ancient libraries he saw in egypt carried above its entrance the words : “ clinic of the soul . ”” 	3
librarians are not trained to act as social workers , caregivers , babysitters or medical advisers . 	3
" reinventing the library " : via @nytimes the opinion pages 	1
alberto manguel " reinventing the library " in the new york times 	1
reinventing the library : 	1
does change and strategic direction come down to purely economics ? 	3
" reinventing the library " @ebrpl 	1
great piece ! reinventing the #library 	1
rt @marydixson : worth a read . reinventing the library 	1
reinventing the #library : repositories of society’s memory and symbols of its identity | 	1
reinventing the library , as preservers of the memory of our society 	1
rt @jannicker : reinventing the library . libraries av clinics of the soul #bibliotek 	1
a timely piece reminding us of the significance of libraries - " clinic of the soul " reinventing the library #library 	1
reinventing the #library via @nytimes 	1
reinventing the library . libraries av clinics of the soul #bibliotek 	1
rt @donnett_bailey : thanks @talya_talks for tweeting out : reinventing the library 	1
rt @jimgriffith_sv : reinventing the library : " the new duties ... are the obligations of civilized societies toward their citizens " … 	1
[ op-ed ] reinventing the library by alberto manguel via @nytimes 	1
reinventing the #library : ' we must be careful to preserve the centrality of the book . ' 	1
reinventing the library #books #reading #libraries 	1
rt @edtechjam : reinventing the library : #tlchat #libchat 	1
reinventing the library great piece . 	1
it is in the nature of libraries to adapt to changing circumstances and threats reinventing the library 	1
rt @athena_books : #library #libraries #education #knowledge #symbol reinventing the library 	1
reinventing the library @oba 	1
rt @historyturnedon : on reinventing the #library and why it is so important 	1
op-ed : " reinventing the library " : ( via @nytimes ) 	1
rt @chronculture : alberto manguel : “ librarians ' primary purpose is [ … ] to guide readers to their books . ” … 	3
reinventing the library : " the new duties ... are the obligations of civilized societies toward their citizens " 	1
what do you think ? reinventing the library 	1
" reinventing the library [ the new york times ] " #librarygeneral #feedly 	1
libraries are resilient , must ensure that their primary purpose isn't forgotten : to guide readers to their books 	3
rt @stewfriedman : reinventing the #library . libraries as " preservers of the memory of our society .. as symbols of our identity . " … 	1
now the intellectual act has lost almost all prestige , libraries have become social centers reinventing the library 	1
thanks @talya_talks for tweeting out : reinventing the library 	1
reinventing the library from @nytimes 	1
reinventing the library libraries : " clinic of the soul " 	1
rt @creativetanja : " reinventing the library [ the new york times ] " 	1
" reinventing the library [ the new york times ] " 	1
an argument for " preserving the centrality of the book " at libraries via @nytopinion 	1
	
	
meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know 	2
processed meats and #cancer : what exactly is the link ? how can you reduce your risk ? @nytimes 	3
" meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know , " @nytimes 	2
rt @mem_kelly : meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know 	2
meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know - the new york times 	2
rt @cbtly : " eating red meat has not yet been established as a cause of cancer . " @nythealth explains the who report : 	2
more reasons to eat more plants ! meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know - the new york times 	2
meat lovers , chillax . " eating red meat has not yet been established as a cause of cancer " #iarc #praisethelord 	1
processed meats now cause cancer ? all the good stuff kills us ! 	1
did you see this ? 	3
meat and cancer : the who report and what you need to know - new york times 	2
regardless of carcinogenicity , meat is still bad for the animals . meat & cancer & the who : what you need to know 	3
rt @raj_kumar_verma : meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know @swamy39 	2
meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know @swamy39 	2
meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know : 	2
worried about tonight's dinner plans ? meat and cancer : the @who report and what you need to know . 	2
meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know via @instapaper 	2
rt @remedycare : keep on eating that barbecue , austin ! some insight on who's recent report about the link between meat and cancer . https://… 	3
have you heard about the who’s report linking processed meats and cancer ? learn more at 	1
hlscancer : rt cancerfrontline : . nytimes follows up : meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know # … 	2
rt @cancerfrontline : . @nytimes follows up : meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know #endcancer 	2
what you need to know about the @who report regarding processed meats via @nytimes @umdining 	2
check out this : " meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know " by catherine saint louis via nyt 	2
" meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know " by catherine saint louis via nyt #health 	2
rt @soyouthrive : " meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know " by catherine saint louis #health #nyt … 	2
. @nytimes follows up : meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know #endcancer 	2
" meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know " by catherine saint louis 	2
" meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know " by catherine saint louis via nyt 	2
" meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know " by catherine saint louis #health #nyt 	2
#health meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know 	2
" meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know " via nyt 	2
" meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know " by #catherine saint louis 3nyt 	2
meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know answers to a few questions about a report that ... 	2
meat and #cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know - the new york times 	2
keep on eating that barbecue , austin ! some insight on who's recent report about the link between meat and cancer . 	1
on the offhand chance you are a bacon and sausage lover , might want to add in a little more fruits , veggies and ... 	1
what's good for you is knowing what might b bad 4 you ! meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know 	2
meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know @nytimes 	2
verdict : if you drink already , it k . // meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know 	2
#meat and #cancer : the #whoreport and what you need to know 	2
rt @drnatalietv : meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know - the new york times . great summary . 	2
#meat and #cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know - the new york times 	2
meat and cancer : the who report and what you need to know 	2
meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know @nythealth 	2
meat and cancer : the w.h.o. report and what you need to know - the new york times . great summary . 	2
proof trump is toxic : he's full of balony !!! 	3
meat and cancer : the who report and what you need to know #who #cancer #redmeat 	2
rt @nythealth : meat and cancer : what you need to know about the w.h.o. report's findings 	1
	
	
bbc news - change in sense of humour ' a sign of impending dementia ' 	2
" laughing inappropriately at tragic events " signals dementia . and reporting tragic events as news for entertainment ? 	1
change in humour ' can signal dementia ' : an increasingly warped sense of … thebikinicalendar 	2
change in humour ' can signal dementia ' : an increasingly warped sense of humour … top story 	2
change in humour ' can signal dementia ' via bbchealth 	2
bbchealth : change in humour ' can signal dementia ' ( via twitter 	2
change in humour ' can signal dementia ' : an increasingly warped sense of humour could be an early w ... 	2
dtn health : change in humour ' can signal dementia ' : an increasingly warped sense of humour could be an early w ... 	2
health change in humour ' can signal dementia ' : an increasingly warped sense of humour could be an early warnin ... 	3
uk news online : change in humour ' can signal dementia ' : an increasingly warped sense of hum ... 	2
bbc - you have to laugh ffs . or maybe we are not allowed to do that either now . 	3
bbc news : change in humour ' can signal dementia ' 	2
an increasingly warped sense of humour could be an early warning sign of impending dementia , say uk experts ., 	2
[ mednews ] change in humour ' can signal dementia ' 	2
change in sense of humour ' a sign of impending dementia ' - bbc news 	1
an increasingly warped sense of humour could be an early warning sign of impending dementia , say experts . 	1
change in humour ' can signal dementia ' 	1
	
	
rt russia's president putin agrees to suspend russian flights to egypt amid fears bomb brought down plane in sinai … 	1
russia suspends egypt flights - 	1
plane crash : russia suspends all flights to egypt 	1
rt last night russia bitterly criticized uk for suspending egyptian flights , a few hours later they do exactly the same http … 	3
russia \'should suspend egypt flights\' 	3
rt suspends all flights to favourite tourist destination 	3
homosexuality is a plague in islamic countries . fears bomb brought down plane in sinai 	3
rt russia now suspends egypt flights . putin thinks it was a bomb 	1
russian involvement is more and more a distraction from fighting isis . 	3
suspends flights - 	3
technical fault ruled out as cause of russia plane crash , french aviation officials close to investigation tell bbc 	1
russia orders the suspension of all flights to egypt following indications that the crash near sharm el-sheikh was caused by a bomb . 	1
	
	
india pm suffers bihar election setback 	2
prime minister in bihar election setback 	2
india pm narendra modi & bjp in bihar election setback 	2
indian pm modi admits defeat for his governing bjp in a key regional election in the eastern state of bihar 	2
india pm narendra modi in bihar election setback - illiterate people voted for jungle raj 	2
bbc news - india pm narendra modi in bihar election setback 	2
india pm admits bihar state defeat - 	2
bbc rewriting rules of politics in a democracy . they don't even know its parties who win or lose , not pms . shame ! 	3
india pm suffers election setback - 	2
prime minister in election setback 	2
( not convinced modi's defeat in bihar will lead to a rolling back of hardline hindu agenda ) bjp loses state election 	3
the indian prime minister modi has admitted defeat for his governing bjp in a key regional election in bihar state , 	1
india pm modi suffers election setback 	1
correction : bihar is northeast of india , not northwest 	3
top story : india prime minster in bihar election setback - bbc news see more 	2
[ news botfeed top story ] india prime minster in bihar election setback - bbc ne … see more 	2
hacksperger's top story : india prime minster in bihar election setback - bbc ne … see more 	2
top india prime minster in bihar election setback - bbc news see more 	1
indian pm modi admits defeat in key regional election in bihar state 	1
india pm narendra modi in bihar election setback - bbc news 	1
indian prime minister narendra modi admits defeat in a key regional election in bihar state , in a blow for his reform programme . 	1
	
	
wada commission wants russia ban 	1
commission wants ban 	3
rt wada chairman : hope russia will tackle problem that has " potential to destroy sport " … 	3
putin cheats again , this time in sports 	3
bbc news : wada commission wants russia ban 	1
bbc co uk sport athletics 34765444 	3
sport - athletics : wada commission wants russia ban yes and so they should . cheats = losers . big time . 	1
bad news . cycling has been trying to clean up for a while ; time for everyone else to change 	3
seb blatter ? 	3
so they just " discovered " the use and cover up of banned substances in russia ? the ussr , anyone ? - 	3
i wonder if the athletics doping ban story would be headline 10oclock news if it was china instead of russia . 	3
serious allegations have led to a report confirming wadas pledge for russia to be banned from athletics comps 	1
see russia . read china . read others . a sad , sad day for world athletics and sport in general . 	3
coe sidesteps a key question : 8 years as co-senior vicepresident . he knew nothing ? the cover-up must run deep in monaco 	3
state sanctioned mass doping will lead to ban from athletics & olympics 	1
it says a lot when a sport story needs a section explaining which doping scandal it is . 	3
russia should be banned from athletics competition , a world anti-doping agency commission report has recommended . 	1
this is incredible . to ban from the track and field in the olympics what will lord coe do . 	3
london 2012 was " sabotaged " by " widespread inaction " against athletes with suspicious doping profiles . 	3
another failure in sport governance 	3
iaaf president seeking " urgent approval " from members to consider sanctions against russian athletics federation 	1
	
	
rt president of german football association ( dfb ) resigns over corruption allegations … 	1
german football chief resigns 	1
meanwhile in fifa land ... what's the phrase ? a good day to bury bad news ? niersbach quits as head of german fa . 	3
the president of the german football association ( dfb ) has resigned over a fifa payment that has resulted in a ... 	2
german chief resigns 	3
i aways tell my friends that corruption is not in a poor person agenda . africans are taught to be corrupt by ... 	3
chief resigns over allegations 	2
wolfgang niersbach persuaded joachim low to stay on as germany's head coach ... 	3
how can you not put an asterisk next to every wc in last 10 years ? 	3
the fifagate stills rolling on . 	3
the president of the german football federation ( dfb ) resigns over claims surrounding a payment to fifa . 	1
president of german football federation resigns over tax evasion claims surrounding €6.7 m payment to fifa 	1
	
	
corbyn sworn in to privy council 	2
what a hypocrite 	3
he won't bow down to convention ... breath of fresh air ! 	3
hey , did jesus have that expression after encountering satan in the desert ? 	3
as a new member of the privy council if steptoe wants to come and clean out my outhouse he's more than welcome . 	3
jeremy sworn in to 	2
so jeremy corbyn is now officially a member of the privy council . 	3
rt all this fuss over corbyn & whether he will kneel for the queen when he joins privy council - isit really an issue ?! https :/ … 	3
labour leader and life-long republican jeremy corbyn has been sworn in to the privy council , the histo ... uk 	2
... some things " ought to change in our society , maybe that's one of them " . 	3
lifelong republican caves . 	3
jeremy corbyn joins privy council ; labour hasn't confirmed whether he knelt before the queen 	1
labour leader and lifelong republican jeremy corbyn has been sworn in to the privy council , the historic group which advises monarchs . 	1
	
	
	
your kids will live longer than you thought 	2
rt your kids will live longer than you thought by 	2
your kids will live longer than you thought via 	2
our kids will live longer than expected : ... 	1
" your kids will live longer than u thought even longer if fed organic , gmo-free , cold-pressed , gluten-free raw milk 	1
our kids might have a longer than we think says in this article . hopefully keeps pace 	1
i know 2 x 100 year olds . life is getting longer ! your will than you thought via 	1
new illustration by for a piece in 	3
your kids will live longer than you think 	2
an american boy born in 2013 will most likely live into his early 80s ; girls into their late 80s . 	3
social security may be systematically underestimating future declines in mortality rates 	3
interesting all of the different issues raised by extended life expectancies " your kids will live longer .... " 	2
rt good news : " life expectancy at birth " in the u.s. is 79 , but the average child born now will likely live to 87ish . … 	1
rt an american child born in 2013 is likely to live well past 80 years old . does the math : 	1
" your will longer than you thought , " arguing that boys will live into early 80's and girls late 80's 	2
nice explanation of life expectancy by 	3
rt life expectancy for us girls today is 81 . how long on average is a newborn girl likely to live ? a ) 75 b ) 81 c ) 88 https://… 	3
by the numbers : your kids will live longer than you thought 	1
	
	
	
is fat stigma making us miserable ? 	3
well : is fat physical object making us miserable ? 	3
is stigma making us miserable ? via 	3
fat stigma has a much bigger impact on health than fatness itself : 	1
rebecca puhl " the stigma and shame so common in our society do not motivate people to lose weight " 	3
the teasing , judgment and unsolicited advice directed at overweight people may cause the gr ... 	3
is not a or plan . fight to encourage healthy behaviors and improve 	3
on fat stigma : 	3
rt the teasing , judgment and unsolicited advice directed at overweight people may cause the gr ... https … 	3
it's not the weight that's making people miserable . it's the treatment they face 	1
	
	
shia decided to let people watch him watch himself . 	1
shia labeouf offers view of himself viewing his movies 	1
shia labeouf is an odd duck sometimes , but i think this is kind of awesome 	3
bonus : " shia labeouf " pronouncer in this piece . 	3
hilarious 	3
holy f*** ! want to pinpoint the moment humanity went into decline ? it's watching shia labeouf watching his 27 movies 	3
so what time do i have to get there to watch the even stevens movie w him ?? 	3
what a world . 	3
wonder will the audience count the number of times says " no " during this ? 	3
james franco's got nothing on crazyboy shia ... 	3
ayyyy get that oblique reference in the new york times 	3
mr. labeouf , an actor known for his erratic behavior , invited the public to watch all 27 of his f ... via 	2
rt the most important unanswered q i have about shia labeouf's why is he wearing so many layers indoors ? https : … 	3
controversial performance artist shia " where's the beef " labeouf continues his descent into madness w/ 	3
mr. labeouf , an actor known for his erratic behavior , invited the public to watch all 27 of his films consecutively with him at the angelika film center . 	1
	
	
	
cuffing season is here : till spring do us part 	3
" people are constantly in search of a significant other . the weather only increases it . " 	3
it's the time of year when temperatures drop and having someone to cuddle becomes a priority 	1
i can't believe someone that isn't part of urban dictionary wrote this 	3
as we approach cuffing season , a reminder that some white ppl don’t get it ( read the comments for more shenanigans ): 	3
wrote about cuffing season . still on for this year ? 	3
the best part of this is " you can't cuff without me ! we cuff together ! " lmao 	3
cuffing season is now dead 	3
" the rapper fabolous popularized the term with his 2013 track ' cuffin season . '" 	3
this piece is a gem . haha . 	3
going to link to this on my tinder 	3
can we ave anything 	3
breaks down " cuffing season " and climate change 	3
the nyt just wrote about how climate change might affect cuffing season so the rest of us can all go home now 	3
i always thought it was spring when young man's fancy turned to thoughts of love . 	3
oh god i read this headline the other day and assumed it was about pants how did i get so old so fast 	3
rt dawg . rt ... temperatures drop and having someone to cuddle becomes a priority … 	1
do you hear that sound ? it's the styles siren 	3
so ... the new york times has just now learned of cuffing season 	3
right now , the biggest threat to cuffing season may be the unseasonably warm weather ( i ... just .... ) 	3
leaves fall off the trees and the sun sets before 5 pm : cuffing season is upon us 	3
it’s the time of the year when temperatures drop , going outside becomes a hassle , and having someone to snuggle with becomes a priority . 	1
	
	
	
borrowing from solar and chip tech to make diamonds faster and cheaper see more 	2
excited that i'm collaborating with the diamond foundry ! 	3
oh yeah , no more big boom to make artifical diamonds ! 	3
borrowing from solar and chip tech to make faster and cheaper 	2
when they couldn't make money making solar panels , they decided to make diamonds 	3
a group of engineers and scientists will announce that it has developed an approach to making diamonds that uses technology derived in part from making silicon chips and solar cells . 	1
borrowing from solar and chip tech to make diamonds faster and cheaper 	1
	
	
	
remembering all those who have served and all those who are serving now . " thank you " . 	3
memorial day is different from veterans day - 	1
- explains the difference between these two us military holidays . 	1
confused ? memorial day : celebrated the last monday in may , memorial day is the holiday set aside to pay tribute ... 	3
who needs to know the difference between veterans day & memorial day ? here you go . 	2
get it straight : the between and 	3
fysa : the difference between memorial day & via 	2
and memorial day are sometimes confused with one another ; here's what to know 	1
the difference between memorial day and veterans day 	1
	
	
	
rt this election is the best 	3
ben carson would not abort baby hitler 	2
i can no longer tell what's and what's " real " from : ben carson would not abort baby hitler - 	3
we're in that part of the primary season 	3
if you ask this question of anyone other than hitler's mother , you don't understand how choice or time-travel works . 	3
oh the conservative base will love this . would not abort baby hitler 	2
rt journalism is doing great ! 	3
carson : no abortions -- even hitler 	1
. said he would not support aborting baby hitler 	1
	
	
	
here's what's in store for next year's - cnn 	2
here's what's in store for next year's smartphones november 11 - cnnmoney 	2
here's what's in store for next year's you had me at longer lasting batteries ! 	3
here's what's in store for next year's smartphones - cnnmoney 	2
smartphones are about to get fast 	3
next year's smartphones via 	2
next year's smartphones with qualcomm's snapdragon 820 processor and radio chips will be way better than this year's crop of phones . 	3
here's what's in store for next year's smartphones 	1
	
	
baby panda takes his first steps 	2
watch the biggest dc story you may have missed : bei bei's first steps ! 🐼 👣 via 	3
panda . just click it . i won't tell . ( via 	3
what i want for x-mas : 	3
bei bei is now going bye bye -- takes his first steps 	1
sometimes , you just gotta take a break from politics . check out the baby panda's first steps : 	3
rt caseycapachi : watch the biggest dc story you may have missed : bei bei's first steps ! 🐼 👣 via cnnpolitics … 	3
rt rebekahmetzler : panda . just click it . i won't tell . ( via caseycapachi ) … 	3
the smithsonian's takes his first steps - 	3
the nationalzoo's baby panda , beibei , takes his first steps via caseycapachi … 	2
the baby panda , beibei , takes his first steps via 	1
	
	
they are running fast ascemployeurs racing them with a contract ( 2/2 ) 	3
stories of athletes from central african republic who are now refugees , via thelistapp 	2
notice : stories of athletes from central african republic who are now refugees … 	2
( via ) cnn : stories of athletes from central african republic who are now refugees , via t … 	2
stories of athletes from central african republic who are now refugees , via 	1
	
	
	
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! you won't be able to stop listening to thi … 	3
you won't be able to stop listening to this songs of 2015 mashup 	2
canadian dj daniel kim has released his annual mashup of popular songs from the last year .... 	3
it is dedicated to lady gaga you won't be able to stop listening to this songs of 2015 ma … 	3
you won’t be able to stop listening to this songs of 2015 mashup 	2
whhhaaaattt ?!?! 2 scoops of mash up this year ! 	3
this mashup blends all of your favorite 2015 songs 	1
the first end of year mash up of 2015's biggest hits is here 	3
check out collab talent daniel kim's latest pop danthology ! covers why he released two ! read more 	2
so catchy you'll be playing it on loop all day 	1
you won't be able to stop listening to this mashup of 2015's best songs 	1
	
	
	
nation honors american heroes 	3
great job nbc ! happy veterans day ! 	3
we love you , veterans ! 	3
rt see how the nation honored american heroes today 📷 matt rourke https : … 	3
nation honors american heroes ( msnbc ) ( 1645 gmt ) 	3
thank you . 	3
happy veterans day to all our service members past and present ! thank you for your service ! here are some great ... 	3
to all our brave men & women whom have served in the us military we say thank you ! happy veterans day ! 	3
happy - a tradition that began in commemoration of the formal end to world war i on nov . 11 , 1918 . 	2
for all those serving today and in the past ... we thank them for their time , their sacrifice , their blood , sweat ... 	3
veterans are especially honored and remembered today for their service to the country , a … 	2
today we honor and remember the nation's heroes & veterans who have served and protected . thank you . 	1
how the u.s. is honoring american heroes on via 	1
veterans are especially honored and remembered today for their service to the country , a tradition that began in commemoration of the formal end to world war i on nov . 11 , 1918 . 	1
	
	
	
putin says russia needs own investigation into doping allegations 	2
putin says russia needs own probe into doping allegations 	1
vladimir putin said russia needs to conduct its own investigation into allegations its athletes had taken ... 	1
vladimir putin said russia needs to conduct its own investigation into allegations its … 	1
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! putin says russia needs own investigation … 	3
president vladimir putin said on wednesday russia needs to conduct its own investigation into allegations its ... 	2
" i ask the minister of sport and all our colleagues who are linked ... with sport to pay this issue the greatest possible attention , " putin said . 	3
vladimir putin says russia needs its own investigation into doping allegations 	1
	
	
mizzou protests sparks a new movement 	1
inspired by students across country bring focus to being 	1
inspired by mizzou protests , students across country focus on being 	2
" it is vital to fight against both covert and overt racism in all places of education and empowerment " ... 	3
inspired by mizzou protests , ithaca students rally , demand resignation 	1
inspired and emboldened by their peers at the university of missouri , activist students are … 	1
mizzou protests inspire others - 	2
rt mizzou protests inspire others : inspired and emboldened by their peers at the university of mi ... … 	1
mizzou protests inspire others liveleakfun → 	1
inspired and emboldened by their peers at the university of missouri , activist students are following suit across ... 	1
the movement spreads . 	3
inspired by mizzou protests , students across the country discuss being 	1
	
	
facebook says governments are making more requests for user data 	1
facebook says governments around the world are making more requests for user data 	1
i appreciate how transparent facebook remains in the face of large governments : 	3
are governments making requests for your data ? 	3
governments around the world are increasingly asking facebook to cough up personal data on its users . 	1
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! governments requesting more user data from … 	3
governments requesting more user data from facebook 	1
governments requesting more user data from facebook liveleakfun → 	1
facebook says governments are making more requests for personal data of its users 	1
	
	
	
video shows virginia man tased , shackled before dying in police custody 	2
video shows virginia man tased , shackled before dying in police custody ,,, question why was he running after ... 	2
- unlike tuskaloosa & wht victims , police brutality 4blk usually ends up with the death of brutalized victim ! 	3
video shows man tased 20x's shackled before dying in police custody 	2
video shows man tased , shackled before dying in police custody via 	2
unarmed virginia man tased , dies in police custody 	1
this young black man was handcuffed yet leaped out of the cruiser and ran into the hospital door . he never got ... 	3
why is it : we're going to take you for a little ride means you''ll die in police custody ? via 	3
newly-obtained video shows man tased , shackled before dying in police custody 	2
video of tased by cops , aka before dying in police custody via 	1
why do you undervalue , underestimate and marginalize our lives so , we didn't enslave anyone , drop an a bomb on ... 	3
are we people from virginia surprised ? nope ! 	3
the death of linwood lambert while he was in police custody in may 2013 has led to a new investigation , including ... 	3
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! unarmed virginia man tased , dies in police … 	3
rt video shows virginia man tased , shackled before dying in police custody - nbc news 	2
when officers put linwood lambert in a squad car around 5 a.m. , they told him they were taking him to an er for ... 	3
the death of linwood lambert while he was in police custody in may 2013 has led to a new … 	3
video shows virginia man tased and shackled before dying in police custody 	1
	
	
	
 november witch ' brews nasty weather over nation's midsection 	1
 november witch ' brews nasty weather over nation's midsection : the " november witch " is what meteoro ... 	1
the " november witch " is what meteorologists call the powerful low-pressure weather system … 	1
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ' november witch ' brews nasty weather over … 	3
 the phenomenon — which is brewed up when intense low pressure clashes with a pocket of high pressure — is what ... 	3
the " november witch " is what meteorologists call the powerful low-pressure weather system that's expected to sock ... 	1
a weather system known as the " witch of november " will hit the upper midwest and ohio valley 	1
	
	
kitty covered in dried concrete found alive in trash bin - nbc news 	2
kitty covered in dried concrete found alive in trash bin vía 	2
kitty covered in dried concrete found alive in trash bin ( msnbc ) ( 1106 gmt ) 	2
kitty covered in dried concrete found alive in trash bin : a north dakota construction worker finds kitten cove ... 	2
dtn usa : kitty covered in dried concrete found alive in trash bin : a north dakota construction worker finds ki ... 	2
a kitty cat covered in dried concrete and discovered in a trash bin is alive . 	1
a north dakota construction worker finds kitten covered in dried concrete and paint inside garbage bin . kvly's nicole johnson reports . 	1
kitty covered in concrete found alive in trash bin 	1
	
	
	
snow , tornadoes , thunderstorms threaten millions 	2
im not ready ... !!!! & it was so beautiful today i wore shorts ... smh 	3
snow , twisters , thunderstorms threaten millions - 	1
snow , tornadoes , thunderstorms threaten up to 60 million : 	1
threaten millions - a powerful system of storms churned across the rocky ... 	1
powerful system of storms churning into midwest , bringing snow and possibly tornadoes . 	3
winter is coming . harsh weather today : blizzard conditions in denver . road closures , power outage in reno snow storm 	3
. another example of the effects . 	3
snow , twisters , thunderstorms threaten up to 60 million - up to 60 million americans were facing the threat of ... 	1
tornadoes , thunderstorms threaten millions via 	1
powerful system of storms churning into midwest , bringing snow and possibly tornadoes . … 	3
first storm of the year hit colorado , ensure your greatest investment is protected- your home ! 	3
rt snow , twisters and thunderstorms threaten up to 60 million in the u.s. : 	1
winter is well on its way . 	3
 major winter storm , snow , tornadoes , thunder storms threaten 60 million ' ( cont ) 	2
the rocky mountains and the midwest could see their first proper snow of the season . 	3
snow , tornadoes and thunderstorms threaten millions 	1
	
	
	
rt another professor forced to resign after telling students to show up for class ! https://… 	3
missouri professor resigns following email about campus ' bullies ' : 	1
missouri professor's resignation for email about ' bullies ' may be rejected - 	3
professor resigns after telling students not to let ' bullies ' win ! 	1
mizzou prof's resignation for ' bullies ' note may be rejected - 	3
latest example why should just be shut down and a put in its place . 	3
u- reported to have rejected professor dale brigham's resignation . 	3
i guess asking students to come to class and take exams constitutes a " hostile environment " ... 	3
fyi : a hand-drawn diploma is now more valuable than your one . … 	3
rt professor resigns for teaching kids not to give in to bully's 	1
rt professor resigns after telling students not to let ' bullies ' win ! 	1
va tech knew a murderer was loose & didn't cancel class . chased out a guy for not canceling his over a lie . 	3
rt mizzou professor quits after ' don't let bullies win ' email - professor dale brigham incited a backlash after te ... https : … 	1
rt i agree with the professor . if you give in to then they win ! 	3
racial turmoil continues at mizzou , with a professor resigning over a decision to hold a test : 	3
professor dale brigham incited a backlash after telling his students , " the only way bullies are defeated is by standing up to them . " 	1
missouri professor quits after telling students not to ' give in to bullies ' 	1
	
	
	
give social security recipients a ceo-style raise 	1
sen. elizabeth warren : give social security recipients a ceo-style raise 	1
i want a warren/sanders ticket to vote for . 	3
it's time to give recipients a ceo-style raise via 	1
speak up for seniors . support senator elizabeth warren . 	3
" but we can make different choices . " thanks senator 	3
let's see . hit vets & seniors in their pocketbooks makes no cents not much left to take 	3
i think she has a very grand idea - but ceo's don't rely on the blood-suckers in congress to approve their salaries . 	3
save - great idea . those at the bottom are the ones hardest hit with inflation at 2% , and currently no raise in ... 	3
elizabeth warren : a ceo-style hike for social security i love it , go liz 	1
sen warren wants to give 9 m vets and 62 m other soc sec retirees a raise -- pay 4 it by end ceo pay loophole 	3
give 71 million americans a ceo-style raise 	1
	
	
	
rt secret service officer arrested , accused of sending naked pictures to someone he thought was a 14-year-old girl … 	1
rt obama will be blamed somehow . https://… 	3
rt a child sex sting catches a officer 	1
rt i'd say the secret service has had a bad year . “ secret service officer arrested in child sex sting ” 	2
oh my goodness you honestly never know 	3
cnnbrk : secret service officer arrested , accused of sending naked pictures to someone he thought was a 14-year-old … 	1
first on cnn : secret service officer arrested in child sex sting 	1
	
	
americans are buying tons of gold . 	3
i've found a great way to buy when you want , as much as you want from the comfort of your home . small ... 	3
americans are buying gold like it's the financial crisis 	1
what ever happened to market forces ? are things that compare and ?? 	3
are you buying ? 	3
are buying tons of - cnnmoney 	3
americans are buying bars & coins like it's the financial crisis : 	1
low prices and scary financial markets caused americans to buy gold bars and coins at levels unseen since the financial crisis . 	1
	
	
	
absolutely horrible . if parents are fit , why take child away ? blatant sign of lgbtq discrimination 	3
same sex couple could lose fight over child 	1
utah judge rules lesbians can't foster a child - 	1
judge orders child removed from same-sex foster parents - cnn 	2
utah judge removes foster child from gay couple 	1
so this utah judge demands to give up adopted daughter because " kids in homosexual homes end up worse than hetero ... " 	3
utah judge orders child removed from lesbian foster parents married & went thru proper legal channels too . 	1
removing a foster child from a loving family because you disagree with some that is legal ? 	3
utah judge orders child removed from same-sex foster parents 	1
	
jamie dimon makes his case for keeping big banks big - cnn 	2
jamie dimon makes the case for keeping big banks big via 	2
cnnmoneyinvest : jamie dimon makes the case for keeping big banks big via cristinaalesci 	2
jamie dimon makes the case for keeping big banks big via cristinaalesci … 	2
jamie dimon makes the case for keeping big banks big via cristina … 	2
jamie dimon's case for keeping big banks big 	1
frmr citi ceo says big banks don't work . current jpmorchase ceo says beware replacing them . 	1
jamie dimon , the ceo of jpmorgan chase , says size helps u.s. banks compete globally , and that the risks are manageable . 	1
jamie dimon makes his case for keeping big banks big 	1
	
	
	
60 legs later , a bulldog has a record via amoreeeee otto <3 	2
happy friday from dash and beckett ! 60 legs later , a bulldog has a record 	2
good morning . via 	3
. - have watched this like 10 times already this morning → 	3
cannot . like . enough . // 60 legs later , a bulldog has a record - via 	2
60 legs later , a bulldog has a record via nytvideo 	2
multimedia : 60 legs later , a bulldog has a record 	2
a bulldog named otto broke the guinness world record for skateboarding via 	3
he rides a skateboard better than some people ... via 	3
60 legs later , a skateboarding bulldog has a record via 	2
i don't often tweet this stuff but this worth it . see dog pushing himself along : bulldog has a record via 	3
thank you nyt 	3
go dawg go !! 	3
this made my week via 	3
this will put a smile on your face : via 	3
60 legs later , a bulldog has a record 	1
	
	
deeply unfair : set to quit church over policy on gay couples&their children 	2
set to quit church over policy on gay couples and their children 	2
mormons set to quit church over policy on gay couples and their … 	2
rt mormons set to quit church over policy on gay couples and their children 	2
mormons set to quit church over policy on gay couples and their children so unchristian . 	2
set to leave church over policy on gay couples and their children 	2
mormons set to quit church over policy on gay … 	2
news " mormons set to quit church over policy on gay couples and their chi … 	2
a backlash is growing over rules that bar children of same-sex parents from baptisms and declares members in gay unions apostates subject to excommunication . 	1
some mormons are set to quit the church over its policy on gay couples and their children 	1
	
	
	
thanks to for implementing force directed edbe bundling for worked well : 	3
i'd love to get thoughts from on this nyt article about how guns move around the us . 	1
rt . is a master of difficult visualization forms 	3
interesting look at how illegal firearms end up in states with restrictive purchasing laws 	1
dammit , indiana . most trafficked guns in chicago come from the hoosier state 	3
rt in n.y. and n.j. more than 2/3 of crime guns were traced to out-of-state purchases in 2014 http … 	3
rt i don't know how much clearer it can be > states with lax gun laws fuel gun trafficking 	1
the flow of illegal guns across u.s. state lines . 	1
jesus god gives ga pawn shops the right to supply guns to ny . thnx jesus . 	3
where guns used in crimes came from 	1
why a patchwork of state laws don't work + why our cities are awash in illegal guns 	1
to be sure violence in our cities has many causes , but guns too must be addressed . 	3
when congress won't set strict national standards for gun sales & universal background checks , trafficking is easy . 	3
this is exactly why we need federal gun laws . ~ " chicago offers perhaps the starkest example of trafficking . there ... 	3
rt any time someone says illinois's strict gun laws are a failure , just refer them to this map : thank … 	3
how gun traffickers get around state laws : via 	2
any time someone says illinois's strict gun laws are a failure , just refer them to this map : thanks , indiana . 	3
how gun get around state gun 	2
the effect of state gun control laws is diluted by a thriving underground market for firearms brought from states with few restrictions . 	3
how gun traffickers get around state gun laws 	1
	
	
apps that track periods are changing girl culture . 	1
how period trackers have changed girl culture 	2
let's get talking about menstruation as if it's a normal part of life for half the population ! | 	3
this week i got so upset over chicken i had to leave the grocery store & cry in my car so i guess that's my tracker 	3
“ when you see a technology specifically for you as a woman , it legitimizes talking about your periods & thinking ... 	3
congrats on the mention , great article ! 	3
getting girls started young on " period tracker " apps helps girls openly tweet/text 	1
rt thanks to " period tracker " apps , girls and women are openly talking , tweeting and texting about their periods . … 	1
specialized apps have even been developed for niche groups like orthodox jewish women . “ rabbinically approved " 	3
rt tracking your period ? there's an app for that . 	3
awesome : period trackers have changed girl culture 	3
these new apps are changing the ways girls and women think about their periods 	1
	
	
	
	
	
fighters retake iraqi city of sinjar from isis 	2
rt fighters retake iraqi city of sinjar from isis 	2
kurds enter sinjar in bid to retake it from islamic state 	1
the tide is turning fighters retake iraqi city of from 	3
this is journalism . 	3
rt kurdish forces enter sinjar in bid to wrest it from islamic state : the forces were in control of a significant ... … 	1
kurdish officials say they heard an isis leader berating fighters for deserting at sinjar 	3
anonimo mannucci tweeted times kurdish forces enter sinjar in bid to wrest it f … see more 	3
top story : retweets kurdish forces enter sinjar in bid to w … see more 	1
kurdish forces enter sinjar in bid to wrest it from islamic state /nyt 	1
kurds enter in bid to retake it from islamic state 	1
isis fled , desertions : kurds , yazidis liberate sinjar city ahead of schedule . 	3
top story : kurdish forces enter sinjar in bid to wrest it from islamic state see more 	1
top kurdish forces enter sinjar in bid to wrest it from islamic state see more 	1
express travel kurdish forces enter sinjar in bid to wrest it from islamic state : the forces were in contro ... 	3
yazidis helped the kurds gain control of the city , which has been under the brutal domination of the islamic state for more than 15 months . 	1
kurdish forces retook the iraqi city of sinjar from isis 	1
	
	
	
jihadi john dead in airstrike ? good riddance . i hope hell is nice n hot . 	3
outcome of airstrike targeting ' jihadi john ' is unknown , kerry and ... 	2
fate of ' jihadi john ' is unknown after airstrike , kerry and cameron say - new york times 	2
fate of ' is unknown after airstrike , kerry and cameron say - new york times - 	2
seo website builder fate of ' jiha ... 	3
web dsign 	3
breaking : fate of ' jihadi john ' is unknown after airstrike , kerry and cameron say - new yor ... 	2
david cameron and john kerry said there was no certainty whether ‘ jihadi john ’ was killed in the strike . 	1
 ‘ jihadi john ’ is unknown , kerry and ... 	2
 jihadi john ’ is unknown , kerry and … 	2
pls explain to me how our missiles are different than knives ? r our killers less w/ them 	3
and discuss imperative developments : 	3
no certainty ‘ jihadi john ’ was killed in airstrike , david cameron says 	1
outcome of airstrike targeting ‘ jihadi john ’ is unknown , kerry and say 	1
the two officials spoke , in separate briefings , the morning after the pentagon confirmed that the attack had been aimed at the islamic state’s most notorious executioner . 	3
fate of ‘ jihadi john ’ is unknown after airstrike , kerry and cameron say 	1
	
	
guy says he needs to “ invest ” time chatting before meeting a tinder date / thought : replace invest w waste 	3
headline : a tinder turn toward the indifferent see more 	2
“ a tinder turn toward the indifferent ” by philip galanes via nyt fashion & style 	2
" a tinder turn toward the indifferent " by philip galanes 	2
rt johnnymaddick : rt alphadatingcode : " a tinder turn toward the indifferent " by philip galanes 	2
rt " a tinder turn toward the indifferent " by philip galanes 	2
" a tinder turn toward the indifferent " via 	2
social qs : a tinder turn toward the indifferent 	2
a tinder turn toward the indifferent - plus : a dress doused in red wine ; concerns over vegan-only dieta ... 	2
hot in fashion : a tinder turn toward the indifferent see more 	2
a tinder turn toward the indifferent - new york times : a tinder turn toward the indifferentnew york timesgood ... 	2
nytfashionandstyle : plus : a dress doused in red wine ; concerns over vegan-only dietary demands ... 	3
plus : a dress doused in red wine ; concerns over vegan-only dietary demands ; and respecting ... 	3
social q’s: how do i respond to tinder matches after my interest has waned ? 	3
a tinder turn toward the indifferent 	1
	
	
	
" bernie sanders’s debate strategy : attack hillary clinton , if asked " by patrick healy and maggie haberman via … 	2
debate strategy : attack if asked 	2
bernie sanders's debate strategy : attack hillary clinton , if asked 	2
if sanders goes negative , hillary and martin will crush him , especially martin . martin is looking for an in , a ... 	3
deb8 strategy : attk if asked . " if asked " ? g😉t it . 	3
alarming : bernie isn't fighting to win the next debate , has no strategy vs . clinton 	3
may challenge clinton more forcefully 	1
w/ iowa caucuses approaching , will bern attack hill on scandal & ' flip-flopping ' , or cont . without neg . campaigning ? 	3
. strategy : if prompted , attack 	1
sanders’s strategy : attack hillary clinton , if asked 	2
what's odd is how the sanders campaign appears to tell reporters honestly & exactly what's happening on the inside : 	3
bernie debate strategy : attack clinton , if asked 	2
democrats inside and outside mr. sanders’s campaign said he may be limited in stopping a resurgent mrs. clinton , partly because of his reluctance to strike first . 	1
bernie sanders’s debate strategy : attack hillary clinton , if asked 	1
	
	
" julia roberts , in ‘ secret in their eyes , ’ turns her famous smile to grief " by mel … 	2
rt kazi_celebrity ⭐️ • julia roberts , in ‘ secret in their eyes , ’ turns her famous smile to grief : the star t … 	2
julia roberts , in ‘ secret in their eyes , ’ turns her famous smile to grief : the stxxar talks about working with h ... 	2
⭐️ • julia roberts , in ‘ secret in their eyes , ’ turns her famous smile to grief : the star talks about wor ... 	2
julia roberts , in ' secret in their eyes , ' turns her famous smile to grief - new york times 	2
julia roberts would be in another romantic comedy , but her " bar is really high . " make it happen , hollywood ! 	3
" in his eyes " is a cinematic monument . was daring rehabilitation !!! 	3
julia roberts was the first actress to be paid $20 million for a movie . she fought for it . 	3
the star talks about working with her husband on “ secret in their eyes , ” gender disparity in hollywood and her coming movie with george clooney . 	3
julia roberts , in ‘ secret in their eyes , ’ turns her famous smile to grief 	1
	
	
	
rt dean at claremont mckenna college resigns amid protests 	2
dean at claremont mckenna college resigns amid radical student protests 	1
dean at claremont mckenna college resigns amid allegations of racial insensitivity 	1
. it's shocking how thesewhite collegedeans don't know they r racist , until they put it in writing ! 	3
. it's shocking how these white college deans don't know they r racist , until they put it in writing ! 	3
jigger-naut of class rancor continues ! " dean .. claremontmckenna college resigns amid protests . " 	2
maybe we should have algorithms run colleges . algorithms never offend anyone . 	3
is there any evidence these are bad employees who should lose their jobs or are they just being scapegoated 	3
dean at prestigious college resigns amid protests 	2
unfit : claremont mckenna dean resigns due to comments about students of color who " don't fit our cmc mold " 	3
dean at claremont mckenna college resigns amid … 	2
dean at resigns amid protests : an email written by the dean of students at the college ,... 	1
the dean of students at claremont mckenna college resigned amid protests over the treatment of students of color 	1
an email written by the dean of students at the college , which is near los angeles , after a newspaper article about the treatment of students of color has led to her resignation . 	1
dean at claremont mckenna college resigns amid protests 	1
	
	
	
some em member jewelers using mand made diamonds . 	3
borrowing from solar and chip tech to make diamonds faster and cheaper 	2
diamond foundry : manufacturing diamonds as a sustainable alternative to mining 	3
borrowing from solar and chip to make diamonds faster and cheaper 	2
borrowing from & chip tech to make faster&cheaper using technique known as chemical vapor deposition 	1
congrats on the diamond foundry launch ! very exciting -- real , ethical , sustainable diamonds grown in ca 	3
read about our investment in cultured pretty obvious ;-) 	3
love is going to be different -- now diamonds will be forever and will also be cheaper . love it . 	3
always good to know ... especially coming into the holiday season ! 	3
faster/cheaper ... maybe . but just another vapor deposition diamond company . 	3
borrowing from and chip to make faster and cheaper 	2
borrowing from and chip tech to make faster and cheaper 	2
because nothing says ' i love you ' like chemical vapor deposition . 	3
" borrowing from and to make faster and cheaper . " 	1
congrats to my pal for revolutionizing the diamond biz ! borrowing from solar & chip tech to make diamonds 	3
cultured diamonds aren't a girl's best friend , just ask gemesis & apollo . using solar/chip tech to make diamonds 	3
woah . growing diamonds in plasma at 150x current speeds . 	1
and not a application . this is an important question that an innovative business must ask . if … 	3
using solar+chip tech 2 make diamonds faster+ cheaper on silicon valley's disruption of diamond biz . 	1
real diamonds made cheaper , faster ? a firm backed by billionaires , leo dicaprio say they figured it out via 	3
cut , color , clarity , creativity historically , " a girl's best friend " 	3
a good article on diamond foundry : 	3
diamonds look nice , but i predict higher-quality manufactured diamonds should deflate artificially high prices . 	3
borrowing from solar and chip organization to make artifacts faster and cheaper 	1
borrowing from solar and chip tech to make diamonds faster and cheap	1
	
	
	
rt four more women plan to sue cosby for defamation , bringing total number to 10 . story w/ … 	1
go , women , go ! cosby defamation suit : four women said to be ready to join 	3
bill cosby defamation suit : four women said to be ready to join 	1
artsbeat : cosby defamation suit : four women said to be ready to join . 	1
somaliland : artsbeat : cosby defamation suit : four women said to be ready to join : four more women ... 	1
barred by statute of limitations re : assaults , cosby victims will bring fed defamation action via 	3
cosby defamation suit : four women said to be ready to join via 	1
new story this morning , with >> cosby defamation suit : four women said to be ready to join 	1
cosby defamation suit : four women said to be ready to join - four more women who say they were sexually assault ... 	1
news ::::::::::: artsbeat : cosby defamation suit : four women said to be re ... ♥ buyfb 	3
four more women who say they were sexually assaulted by bill cosby are said to be ready to sue th ... via 	1
four women are said to be ready to sue bill cosby for defamation 	1
	
	
	
after shift in one-child policy , regret in china’s 	2
after shift in one-child policy , regret in china’s ‘ loneliest generation ’ lecciones para aprender 	2
wombs are still under control although leash is a bit loose ... lambs are too easy to be satisfied . 	3
" we were sacrificed because of a political mistake . " in china , the generation raised w/o sbilings reflect on change 	3
imo , this is one of the most impactful human rights violation ever – regret in china’s ‘ loneliest generation ’ 	3
" this generation’s loneliness never goes away . ” growing up in the one-child generation . 	1
china's " loneliest generation " 	3
humanity's largest social experiment : an entire chinese generation without brothers or sisters 	1
“ we were sacrificed because of a political mistake , ” 	3
“ the ‘ one-child ’ policy ended in 2015 , but this generation’s loneliness never goes away . ” 	3
state in physical object's ' loneliest generation ' after cognitive content abstract entity 	1
regret in china’s ‘ loneliest generation ’ after policy shift , via 	2
after shift in one-child policy , regret in china's ' loneliest generation ' - new york times 	1
intriguing story on china's " loneliest generation " -the only child's inherent privilege/pressure , magnified ? 	3
shift in one-child policy brings regret to ‘ loneliest generation ’ 	1
" loneliest generation " : the hardships of those born under the policy . 	1
top story : retweets after shift in one-child policy , regret … see more 	3
psychological fallout from an entire generation that was a social experiment is deep . 	3
the negatives of being pampered 	3
my totalitarian side thinks this one-child rule was reasonable 	3
fascinating story about those born under china's one-child policy in " one of humanity’s largest social experiments " 	3
carrying the weight of an inverted pyramid !! 	3
very interesting read about difficulties and negative emotions of 1child generation 	3
for the millions who grew up as only children , the communist party’s move to allow married couples to have two offspring reawakened feelings of isolation . 	1
meet the " loneliest generation , " the more than 150 million young people in china who grew up as only children 	1
regret in china’s ‘ loneliest generation ’ after policy shift 	1
	
	
mom look ! i'm in the " unpublished charlotte brontë works discovered " by christo … 	1
unpublished charlotte bronte works discovered 	1
artsbeat : unpublished charlotte brontë works discovered . 	1
artsbeat : unpublished charlotte brontë works discovered via 	1
unpublished charlotte brontë works discovered 	1
rare 	3
unpublished works discovered 	1
" unpublished charlotte brontë works discovered " by christopher d . shea via nyt 	1
the brontë society in england will acquire a previously unknown poem written by a young charlotte ... via 	1
unpublished works by charlotte brontë were found folded in a book 	1
	
	
{ julia child's house in 	3
do you like to cook ? purchase julia child's former home and be inspired ! 	3
the house that julia built now listed with sotheby's international realty france for about $ 880,000 . sounds perfect . 	3
" the house that julia built " -- for sale : julia child's house in via 	2
julia child's house is up for sale : 	1
the house that julia child built in provence was her link to france . now it's up for sale : via 	1
" la peetch , " the house that julia child built in provence , france , is up for sale . from the new york times , the ... 	1
julia child's la peetch is on the market for the first time . anyone want to go in on it with me ? 	3
julia child's house in france is for sale . i want . 	1
the house that built 	2
preserving another piece of history in julia child's orbit . her house built in provence is for sale 	1
what a lady 	3
the that built 	2
in the nyt : the house that julia ( child ) built 	2
just in case anyone wants to buy me an early christmas gift ... 	3
rt rt for sale : the house that julia child built on the french r … 	1
the house that julia child built on the french riviera 	1
julia child's provence home for sale : counting my pennies now ... 	1
the house that julia child built is for sale on the open market in france : 	1
an interesting article about julia child's house in provence , france . it is now for sale : 	1
the house in france that julia child built is on sale ! 	1
the house that julia child built in france is for sale . check out the kitchen : 	1
julia child's former home in provence , france which was " built on friendship " .... via . 	3
omg ... i'm in tears ... i would buy this in a heat beat and run it ! :) 	3
" julia’s kitchen remains largely intact ... " that kitchen . france . oh mon dieu . ( via 	3
looking for a french house ? the home of julia child is for sale 	1
julia's french house is for sale -- ooh la la 	2
julia child's home in is for sale ! " if you're afraid of butter , use cream " julia child 	2
la pitchoune , which became julia child's link with france and a place she returned to again and again in her mind and in her recipes , is for sale on the open market for the first time . 	3
the house that julia built 	1
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
holy acquisition !! 	3
rt the $12.2 billion marriott deal would solve the question mark looming over starwood hotels htt … 	3
this is really big ! ihg is no longer the largest hotel company . maybe this means more opportunities at marriott .... 	3
what is your preferred hotel chain ?... 	3
it's official , welcome to the mega to acquire 	3
now , this is a game-changer : to acquire via 	3
marriott and starwood combined will have more than 5,500 owned or franchised hotels with 1.1 m rooms via 	3
rt marriott agrees to buy starwood hotels for $12.2 b , creating world's largest hotel company - 	1
does this mean my points will transfer to my points and status ? 	3
rt the $12.2 billion marriott deal would solve the question mark looming over starwood hotels … 	3
big news : to buy hope they don't undermine customer loyalty by changing/diluting loyalty programs ! 	3
marriott buys starwood ! now we are talking about the biggest hotel chain in the world ! 	3
are we witnessing the creation of the world's largest hotel company ? 	3
as a starwood hotels and spg loyalist , i am not at all happy about marriott acquiring them :( 	3
wow . from big to bigger . that's a lot of heads in beds . 	3
aquiring will create the world's largest hotel company via 	3
huge ! 	3
the $12.2 billion deal , expected to close in the middle of next year , would create the world’s largest hotel company . 	1
marriott to buy starwood hotels 	1
marriott will buy starwood hotels for $12.2 billion in a deal to create the world’s largest hotel company 	1
	
	
	
watch live : obama holds news conference 	3
nytpolitics : watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terr … 	2
watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terror attacks . 	2
watching live @ notre dame cathedral in paris , a memorial service 	3
live now . 	3
watch live : memorial service at cathedral of notre-dame 	3
paris under siege -- watch live here 	3
watch live : attacks in paris - the new york times 	3
watch live : obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , 3 days after the paris attacks 	1
the president speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting on monday , three days after the paris terror attacks killed more than 120 people . 	1
	
	
" it’s an attack on the joy of life " . great piece by from the 11th arrondissement 	3
" they wanted to attack people absent-mindedly having fun ... it’s an attack on the joy of life . ” 	3
blocks from charlie hebdo , 11th arronndissment known for bonhomie is shaken again 	2
rt my profile of 11th arrondissement where friday's attacks took place , at once shabby chic , resilient and defiant - https://… 	3
blocks from area known for is shaken again 	1
ny times : blocks from area known for bonhomie is shaken again 	2
parisians are shaken but defiant in 11th arrondissement - 	3
quote of the day : 	3
the 11th arrondissement , the multicultural district that was the site of at least five attacks on friday and the charlie hebdo attack in january , is known for its “ bourgeois bonhomie . ” 	3
blocks from charlie hebdo , area known for bonhomie is shaken again 	1
	
	
police in france and belgium hunt terror suspects in raids ... 	1
nytimes : paris bombing update after police raids in and seeking paris attack suspects 	1
police raids in france and belgium seek paris attack suspects 	1
false reports of gunfire during vigil highlights the anxiety in paris . more news here : 	3
one paris attacker entered europe in wave of migrants , officials confirm : paris — the french authorities said ... 	1
manhunt in paris attacks focusing on brussels 	3
on-the-run paris suspect salah abdeslam was stopped by the french police on saturday but was let go 	1
nytimes : one paris attacker entered europe in wave of migrants , officials confirm 	1
the manhunt for salah abdeslam intensified , and the authorities were looking at the possibility that a belgian now fighting in syria might have helped plan the attacks . 	1
police raids in france and belgium seek suspects in the paris attacks 	1
	
	
your monday briefing : paris attacks , syria , new england patriots 	3
be informed on this monday morning with a quick briefing 	3
instead , a slimmer model , which has evolved since then , became what the world drank from for decades . the u.s. pat … 	3
morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 	2
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 	1
	
	
resignations put support for gays over fealty to 	1
many mormon faithful just could not abide the latest move by the church of latter day saints . thousands are ... 	3
hats off to resigning to support 	3
wow if ever there was something to inspire * faith * // mormon resignations put support for gays over fealty to church 	1
mormons mass resign over new anti-gay policies . a huge challenge to church leaders . 	1
i feel like i've learned so much about from this article . any friends out with insights ? please share . 	3
resignations put support for over fealty to faith 	3
always thought lds church was fairly progressive on original sin . changed my mind , like this big group that resigned 	3
object to headline . these brave souls are putting fealty to faith over strictures of church . gen 12:1 	3
nov . 16 , 2015 - new york times - more than 1,000 mormons leave church as backlash from anti-gay policy expands 	1
rt doing not what religion demands , but humanity . god blesses them . some mormons support gays over fealty to faith … 	3
more than 1,000 resign 	2
1,000 + mormons resign from church in support for gay members kind of an un-mission . 	1
basically kids of lgbt couples can't be mormons until they're 18 and officially disown their parents . 	3
more than 1,000 members joined a mass resignation from the church in salt lake city , a decision that many said can be complicated , both administratively and emotionally . 	2
more than 1,000 members joined a mass resignation from the mormon church in salt lake city 	1
	
	
today has been a good day for our armed forces . very pleased with the strategic defence and security review . 	3
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 	2
 10,000 troops ' to tackle terror attacks 	1
all things considered , a pretty decent defence review . 	3
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attack and other ideas . by 2025 . 2025 ?! 	1
well done you found a ise for all the body bags labour bought 	3
terror should demand nothing less than 100% of our entire , on-going defense budget 	3
defence . 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - t trident wouldn't be ready until 2030's what's the point ? 	1
rt bbc news - review : could put 10,000 troops on uk streets to deal with … 	1
review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - necessary as a minimum . 	1
all these jets and nuclear missiles will be perfect for taking out a handful of gunmen in a residential area 	3
it's a start , bit still nowhere near enough . 	3
rt huge respect for our armed services but they are not a police service and are subject to political control . … 	3
rt bbc news - defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 	3
defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 - . hey would you mind waiting 10 years 	3
is this providing the means to defend ?...... 	3
rt democratically accountable civil defence , yes ; strike brigades , paramilitary policing and trident , no- … 	3
rt defence review : pm could send 10,000 troops on to streets - 	1
bbc news defence review : 10000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm bbc news up to 10,000 troops could be … 	1
troops on streets to do their jobs if attacked . £31bn so trident can do its job . against ? 	1
can the rapid force help to feed the increasing number of people going to foodbanks . bbc news - defence review : pm 	3
rt so the minute any threat or attack happens in the uk , we get ordered around by soldiers ? 	3
£12bn of welfare cuts by & and remarkably an extra £12bn found for the military 	3
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle - pm 	2
bbc fellates cameron's defence review , which is basically- give us arms corps loads of money & shout ' terrorism ' 	3
cost of replacing rises to £31 billion . how reassuring to live in a country with such wealth . 	3
rt 10,000 troops for domestic deployment . 10,000 . 	2
wow .... 10 years ... that's ' rapid ' what about now ?! defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 - 	3
david cameron to outline " case for britain to join its international allies in going after isis " on thursday 	3
up to 10,000 troops could be deployed in the event of a paris-style attack , david cameron says , as the estimated cost of renewing the uk's nuclear deterrent increases by £6bn . 	1
defense : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 	1
	