
u2 reschedules concert postponed due to and promises to " put on our best . " " 
u2 reschedules concert postponed due to & promises to " put on our best . " 
u2 reschedules paris concert postponed due to attacks 

pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it together . " 
abc : pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it together . " 
pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it … 
abc : pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it togeth … 

two baby red pandas make their debut at the prospect park zoo in new york . 
2 baby red pandas make debut at new york zoo 
two baby red pandas make their debut at the prospect park zoo in new york .… 
abc : two baby red pandas make their debut at the prospect park zoo in new york . 
2 baby red pandas make debut at prospect park zoo in brooklyn , new york 


pres . obama awards medal of freedom to james taylor . 
abc : pres . obama awards medal of freedom to james taylor . 

french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intelligence sharing . 
abc7 : rt abc : french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intell … 
french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & s … 
abc : french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intelligence sh … 
french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intelligence s … 




pres . obama awards medal of freedom to barbra streisand . 
abc : pres . obama awards medal of freedom to barbra streisand . 


brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called . 
and on west coast : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called . 
rt lockdown : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called : … 
and on gma : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has cal … 



canada to announce plans to resettle 25,000 syrian refugees by dec . 31 : 
canada to announce plan to resettle 25,000 refugees tuesday - abc news - via 
to announce plan to bring 25,000 on tuesday 
to announce plans to resettle 25,000 syrian by dec . 31 ( abcnews ): 
hurrah canada , which will take in next 5 weeks more syrian refugees than the uk will take in next 5 years . 
canada to announce plan to resettle 25,000 refugees tuesday .... there goes the neighborhood 
to announce plans to resettle 25,000 by dec . 31 : 







happy birthday to 
rt abc7ny : rt abc : happy birthday to robinroberts ! 







on donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
on west : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
rt on donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? https :/ … 
cyberanonymous : abc : on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he te … 
on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u . s .… 


pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian fighter jet . 
rt pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian fighter jet . https :/ … 
pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian fighter j … 
wsoctv : rt abc : pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian … 
abc7 : rt abc : pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian f … 


president obama presents medal of freedom to emilio and gloria estefan . 
rt president obama presents medal of freedom to willie mays 
wntonight : rt abcpolitics : president obama presents medal of freedom to willie mays 
rt watch live : pres . obama awards presidential medal of freedom : 
watch live : pres . obama awards presidential medal of freedom : … 
abc : president obama presents medal of freedom to emilio and gloria estefan . 
babs !!! 




watch : us-led coalition airstrike destroys isis bridge near ramadi , iraq . 
us-led coalition airstrike destroys bridge near ramadi , 
abc : watch : us-led coalition airstrike destroys isis bridge near ramadi , iraq . 

$160b deal to combine pfizer & allergan and make world's biggest drug company raises outcry 
allergan sparks backlash from lawmakers . abc world news ( 11/23 , story 7 , 0:25 , muir ) reported on the ... 
with globalization what is a us business ? world governments may have to adjust to new reality . see via 
$160b deal to combine pfizer & allergan & make world's biggest drug company raises outcry : " 
$160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry - abc news 
$160b deal to combine and allergan raises outcry . via 
don't blame them — our u.s. tax system is clearly broken -> $160b deal to combine and raises outcry 
agrees to buy allergan in order to dodge paying via abc 
news $160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry 
$160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry : $160b deal to combine ... 














neighbor has a message for alleged paris attacker on the lam : " come see your mother . " 


john kerry says us seeks new military , counterterrorism and diplomatic ideas to destroy isis 
us trying to speed up efforts to defeat isis , john kerry says 
rt john kerry says us seeking new military , counterterrorism , diplomatic ideas to destroy isis . … 
rt john kerry says us seeking new military , counterterrorism , diplomatic ideas to destroy isis . https :/ … 
rt john kerry says us seeks new military , counterterrorism and diplomatic ideas to destroy isis https :/ … 
us trying to speed up efforts to defeat islamic state 


3 white men take a break from their islamophobia to go full isis on a group of protestors in mpls . 
group raised suspicions before 5 were shot at police protest - abc news - 
minneapolis police say 5 shot near black lives matter protest : 
minneapolis police say several shot near protest scene 
minneapolis police say 5 shot near protest scene 
shooting at the mainstream media coverage : the view from the protest : 
minneapolis say 5 near protest scene 
five protesters were shot during protest in 
police say 5 shot near black lives matter protest ( abcnews ): 
shooting at black lives matter protest in minneapolis 

president obama : ' we cannot and we will not succumb to fear . ' 
president obama : ‘ we cannot and we will not succumb to fear . ’ 



sues for jfk assassination film 
texas woman seeks return of film shot by grandfather that shows portion of jfk assassination 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination of jfk : 
woman seeks return of film showing jfk assassination 
wsoctv : rt abc : woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 ass … 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination of jf … 
abc : woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination … 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination … 

pres . obama awards medal of freedom to baseball legend willie howard mays , jr. 
“ pres . obama awards medal of freedom to baseball legend willie howard mays , jr. ” 




family member of yogi berra accepts medal of freedom awarded to the baseball legend posthumously by pres . obama . 

