one of only 4 northern white rhinos believed to be left in the world has died : 
heartbreaking one of last four white rhinos died and zoo habitat not happy place 

u2 reschedules concert postponed due to and promises to " put on our best . " " 
u2 reschedules concert postponed due to & promises to " put on our best . " 
u2 reschedules paris concert postponed due to attacks 


woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination of jfk : 
woman seeks return of film showing jfk assassination 
wsoctv : rt abc : woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 ass … 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination of jf … 
abc : woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination … 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination … 

most of the east to be dry , tranquil on wednesday for busiest travel day of holiday season . 

french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out first airstrikes against isis targets in iraq . 
rt developing : french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out airstrikes against targets in … 
developing : french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out airstrikes against targets in - abc 
french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out first airstrikes against isis targets in → " iraq " ← 



happy birthday to 
rt abc7ny : rt abc : happy birthday to robinroberts ! 



homegrown extremists could seek to replicate paris attack , fbi and homeland security say : 


( convict in 3 sex crimes freed by dna tied to fugitive rapist ( 
convict in 3 sex crimes freed by dna tied to fugitive rapist : man convicted of 3 sex as ... 
man convicted of 3 sex assaults cleared by los angeles judge after dna points to serial … 
man convicted of 3 sex assaults cleared by los angeles judge after dna points to serial rapist 



$160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry - abc news 
$160b deal to combine pfizer & allergan and make world's biggest drug company raises outcry 
$160b deal to combine and allergan raises outcry . via 
don't blame them — our u.s. tax system is clearly broken -> $160b deal to combine and raises outcry 
agrees to buy allergan in order to dodge paying via abc 
news $160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry 
$160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry : $160b deal to combine ... 
$160b deal to combine drugmakers pfizer and allergan stirs outcry over tax-avoiding strategies 







john kerry says us seeks new military , counterterrorism and diplomatic ideas to destroy isis 
us trying to speed up efforts to defeat isis , john kerry says 
rt john kerry says us seeks new military , counterterrorism and diplomatic ideas to destroy isis https :/ … 
us trying to speed up efforts to defeat islamic state 
rt john kerry says us seeking new military , counterterrorism , diplomatic ideas to destroy isis . … 


canada to announce plans to resettle 25,000 syrian refugees by dec . 31 : 
ap : canada to announce details on tuesday on how it resettle 25,000 syrian refugees 
canada to announce plan to bring 25,000 refugees on tuesday 
to announce plan to bring 25000 refugees on tuesday - abc news 
canada to announce details on tuesday on how it will bring 25,000 refugees 

