
u2 reschedules concert postponed due to and promises to " put on our best . " " 
u2 reschedules concert postponed due to & promises to " put on our best . " 
u2 reschedules paris concert postponed due to attacks 



french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intelligence sharing . 
french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intelligence s … 




french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out first airstrikes against isis targets in iraq . 
rt developing : french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out airstrikes against targets in … 
developing : french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out airstrikes against targets in - abc 
french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out first airstrikes against isis targets in → " iraq " ← 




happy birthday to 
rt abc7ny : rt abc : happy birthday to robinroberts ! 





on west : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
on donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
rt on donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? https :/ … 
cyberanonymous : abc : on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he te … 
on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u . s .… 






$160b deal to combine pfizer & allergan and make world's biggest drug company raises outcry 
allergan sparks backlash from lawmakers . abc world news ( 11/23 , story 7 , 0:25 , muir ) reported on the ... 
with globalization what is a us business ? world governments may have to adjust to new reality . see via 
$160b deal to combine pfizer & allergan & make world's biggest drug company raises outcry : " 
$160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry - abc news 
$160b deal to combine and allergan raises outcry . via 
don't blame them — our u.s. tax system is clearly broken -> $160b deal to combine and raises outcry 
agrees to buy allergan in order to dodge paying via abc 
news $160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry 
$160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry : $160b deal to combine ... 


rt . news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference : … 
pres . obama on " this was an attack on our free and open societies . " 
alert : abc news news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference 
alert : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference : 
standing by for a live news conference from president obama and french president francois hollande at the white ... 
alert : news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference : 



brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called . 
rt and on brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called . 
rt lockdown : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called : … 
and on gma : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has cal … 







john kerry says us seeks new military , counterterrorism and diplomatic ideas to destroy isis 
us trying to speed up efforts to defeat isis , john kerry says 
rt john kerry says us seeking new military , counterterrorism , diplomatic ideas to destroy isis . … 
rt john kerry says us seeking new military , counterterrorism , diplomatic ideas to destroy isis . https :/ … 
rt john kerry says us seeks new military , counterterrorism and diplomatic ideas to destroy isis https :/ … 
us trying to speed up efforts to defeat islamic state 


3 white men take a break from their islamophobia to go full isis on a group of protestors in mpls . 
minneapolis police say several shot near protest scene 
minneapolis police say 5 shot near black lives matter protest : 
minneapolis police say 5 shot near black lives matter protest scene via 
minneapolis police say 5 shot near protest scene 
shooting at the mainstream media coverage : the view from the protest : 
minneapolis say 5 near protest scene 
five protesters were shot during protest in 
police say 5 shot near black lives matter protest ( abcnews ): 
shooting at black lives matter protest in minneapolis 

president obama : ' we cannot and we will not succumb to fear . ' 
rt wntonight " rt abc : president obama : ' we cannot and we will not succumb to fear . ' " 

canada to announce plans to resettle 25,000 syrian refugees by dec . 31 : 
canada to announce plan to resettle 25,000 refugees tuesday - abc news - via 
to announce plan to bring 25,000 on tuesday 
to announce plans to resettle 25,000 syrian by dec . 31 ( abcnews ): 
hurrah canada , which will take in next 5 weeks more syrian refugees than the uk will take in next 5 years . 
canada to announce plan to resettle 25,000 refugees tuesday .... there goes the neighborhood 
to announce plans to resettle 25,000 by dec . 31 : 


woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination of jfk : 
woman seeks return of film showing jfk assassination 
wsoctv : rt abc : woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 ass … 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination of jf … 
abc : woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination … 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination … 

pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it together . " 
abc : pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it together . " 
pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it … 
abc : pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it togeth … 


