rt uk defence review : - £178bn investment over next 10 years - 2 new " strike brigades " - 9 maritime patrol aircraft https … 
rt pm to outline case on thursday for uk " going after isil at their headquarters in syria " … 
top story : politics live : monday 23 november - bbc news see more 
rt david cameron's back in the uk , ready to put case for action in syria . bbc politics live - https :/ … 
live page on uk government's defence review . massive extra investment . 
hmg will be investing £5.8 bn in climate finance " supporting fragile and broken states " in order to “ play our part ... 




arrests in belgium anti-terror raids 
rt 19 anti-terror raids were carried out in the brussels region & 3 others in charleroi , belgian prosecutor says … 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 
brussels lockdown : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number arrests to 21 
rt belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
rt detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 https :/ … 
top story : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 
why is it the only people i can speak to on the phone cant give me an answer on a refund for my flight ? 
headline : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 

bbc world service gets funding boost 
good news ! bbc world service gets funding boost 
confirmed : bbc is to broadcast to ethiopia and eritrea , but in which languages ? 
rt bbc world service gets funding boost : the government is to invest £85 million a ... 
bbc increased funding aimed at countries with a " democracy deficit " including m east russia , n korea and 
rt bbc pidgin and bbc yoruba coming soon 
bbc's world services funding to be boosted to £85 billion a year from 2017 : 
bbc world service gets funding boost via | 
in democracy crisis nations such as ethiopia , bbc ws gets uk gov't funding approval for program air time 
will renewed funds restore lang services like amazing 2 bulk of ssa only reached by sw ? 
better late than never for uk govt to realise defunding the ws was stupid , i guess : 
a good call from the gov ; will make a gd difference to worldwide democracy should not have been cut in 1stplace tho 
rt any good news about the world service should be good news for the world . 
5 years after cutting funding uk govt reinvests in at last realized how valuable it is ? 
increased funding for we all benefit . 
world service gets funding boost from government 
grave mistake for bbc to accept direct govt funding . it was ok when world service was separate . worrying . 
rt tax credits slashed but there is no austerity when it comes to serving up british propaganda . that's … 
shrewd soft power given boost 
bbc has financial conflict of interest . today given £85m of " defence budget " . 
gov decision to increase funding after previous cuts is a relief : bbc world service is a vital soft power tool 
great news - a welcome turnaround : gets funding boost from government - 
more on global footprint - world service will get new funding - albeit smaller than before : 
rt bbc to start a pidgin service for nigeria and west africa 
bbc world service funding boost : the only problem is it now popularises the liberal progressive world view 
great to see the government invest to expand services into 
rt big funding increase for bbc world service - including for and - great news : 


david cameron : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
world united in terror fight - cameron 
in uk interest : pm only in dave's tory interest .. we're safer if we leave middle east alone . 
cameron view : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - rest of the world fighting daesh 
christmas cancelled peace to all men put on hold - world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' 
pm holding talks with french president 
david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande - bbc news 
we will never defeat is it's one of the most commonly used words ! seriously tho call them daesh , not a ' state ' 
i dunno man , it doesnt seem like bombs and guns will actually stop them , and will probably help their cause ? 
pm to hold talks with french president 
rt prime minister to told talks with francois hollande on c o-o peration against isil . 
cameron and hollande meet in paris to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
if the ' world ' was united , we wouldn't be fighting 
top story : get your tank refill now david cameron to hold talks with french pre … see more 
[ news botfeed top story ] david cameron to hold talks with french president holl … see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; david cameron to hold talks with french pres … see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : david cameron to hold talks with french … see more 
david cameron : uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - bbc news 
top story david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande … see more 

the legendary talks to at 1745 on the channel - watch it on tv or streamed here : 
bbc news channel 
britain's most-watched news channel , delivering breaking news and analysis all day , every day . 
french interior minister makes statement after suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud confirmed dead " 
digital cinema media bans the lord's prayer from uk cinemas in wake of paris . 






