rolling coverage of political developments : nhs funding , trident , ashdown on syria ... bbc politics live - 
rt pm to outline case on thursday for uk " going after isil at their headquarters in syria " … 
rt uk defence review : - £178bn investment over next 10 years - 2 new " strike brigades " - 9 maritime patrol aircraft https … 
top story : politics live : monday 23 november - bbc news see more 
rt david cameron's back in the uk , ready to put case for action in syria . bbc politics live - https :/ … 
live page on uk government's defence review . massive extra investment . 
hmg will be investing £5.8 bn in climate finance " supporting fragile and broken states " in order to “ play our part ... 




rt huge respect for our armed services but they are not a police service and are subject to political control . … 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 
rt they simply will not fund the police will they ! a military response means nothing as we will be the 1st responders ! https : … 
the grand old duke of cameron he deployed ( up to ) 10,000 men and when the threat was over he made them redundant >> 
defence review : 10000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - bbc news 
' 10,000 troops ' to tackle terror attacks 
no money for the people millions for war : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - 
defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 - bbc news 
today has been a good day for our armed forces . very pleased with the strategic defence and security review . 
are a threat to liberty , peace and security so let's buy more arms 
all things considered , a pretty decent defence review . 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attack and other ideas . by 2025 . 2025 ?! 
well done you found a ise for all the body bags labour bought 
terror should demand nothing less than 100% of our entire , on-going defense budget 
defence . 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - t trident wouldn't be ready until 2030's what's the point ? 
rt bbc news - review : could put 10,000 troops on uk streets to deal with … 
review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - necessary as a minimum . 
all these jets and nuclear missiles will be perfect for taking out a handful of gunmen in a residential area 
it's a start , bit still nowhere near enough . 
rt bbc news - defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 
defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 - . hey would you mind waiting 10 years 
is this providing the means to defend ?...... 
rt democratically accountable civil defence , yes ; strike brigades , paramilitary policing and trident , no- … 
rt defence review : pm could send 10,000 troops on to streets - 
troops on streets to do their jobs if attacked . £31bn so trident can do its job . against ? 
can the rapid force help to feed the increasing number of people going to foodbanks . bbc news - defence review : pm 
rt so the minute any threat or attack happens in the uk , we get ordered around by soldiers ? 
£12bn of welfare cuts by & and remarkably an extra £12bn found for the military 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle - pm 
bbc fellates cameron's defence review , which is basically- give us arms corps loads of money & shout ' terrorism ' 
defense : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 
cost of replacing rises to £31 billion . how reassuring to live in a country with such wealth . 
rt 10,000 troops for domestic deployment . 10,000 . 
wow .... 10 years ... that's ' rapid ' what about now ?! defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 - 




turks ' shoot down jet on syria border ' 
turkey shoots down warplane on syria border 
time for cool heads . turkey shoots down a russian jet ? 
unidentified warplane shot down in syria after violating turkish airspace , turkish military tells reuters 
' warplane shot down in syria ' by turks 
rt ' warplane shot down in syria ' by turks 
fighter jet shot down by after it entered airspace . possibly 
can't say this comes as a surprise : russians were almost guaranteed to violate airspace eventually imho 
turkish warplanes are reported to have shot down an unidentified military aircraft near the border with syria . 







