rolling coverage of political developments : nhs funding , trident , ashdown on syria ... bbc politics live - 
rt uk defence review : - £178bn investment over next 10 years - 2 new " strike brigades " - 9 maritime patrol aircraft https … 
rt pm to outline case on thursday for uk " going after isil at their headquarters in syria " … 
top story : politics live : monday 23 november - bbc news see more 
rt david cameron's back in the uk , ready to put case for action in syria . bbc politics live - https :/ … 
live page on uk government's defence review . massive extra investment . 
hmg will be investing £5.8 bn in climate finance " supporting fragile and broken states " in order to “ play our part ... 



cancels more sharm el-sheikh flights 
easyjet joins british airways , monarch , thomson and thomas cook in cancelling flights to sharm el-sheikh 
cancels all to 
easyjet cancels sharm el-sheikh flights 
easyjet cancels sharm el-sheikh flights : easyjet cancels all flights between the egyptian resort of sharm el-s ... 
this is such a shame for the people that work out there , feel for them . gonna kill tourism in sharm once again - 
easyjet cancel all flight to egypt 
latest sharm situation - explains which airlines are cancelled and to what dates .... 
bbc news - egypt plane crash : cancels more sharm el-sheikh flights 
rt easyjet has now cancelled all flights between the egyptian resort of sharm el-sheikh and the uk until 6 january . … 


brussels lockdown : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - 
rt 19 anti-terror raids were carried out in the brussels region & 3 others in charleroi , belgian prosecutor says … 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 
arrests in belgium anti-terror raids 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number arrests to 21 
rt belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
rt detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 https :/ … 
top story : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 
why is it the only people i can speak to on the phone cant give me an answer on a refund for my flight ? 
headline : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 




pm announces defence review . amazing how the no brain politicos who led us into this mess think they can get us out . 
video : pm announces defence and security review - 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of an … top story 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of … 
bbc news - pm announces defence and security review 
david cameron gives details of an additional £12bn of equipment spending , as he outlines the strategic defence and … 
live : pm announces defence and security review via 







world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says " 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live … see more 
residents & told us what life in lockdown is like 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live updates - bbc news see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - … see more 
paris attacks : 21 arrests in belgium - live updates 
brussels in lockdown the latest on the hunt for salah abdeslam from 
bbc news : summary unavailable 
16 people arrested in belgium . it is so far unconfirmed how many of them were cats 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium . follow live updates here : 
live updates on - 

