rt pm to outline case on thursday for uk " going after isil at their headquarters in syria " … 
rt uk defence review : - £178bn investment over next 10 years - 2 new " strike brigades " - 9 maritime patrol aircraft https … 
top story : politics live : monday 23 november - bbc news see more 
rt david cameron's back in the uk , ready to put case for action in syria . bbc politics live - https :/ … 
live page on uk government's defence review . massive extra investment . 
hmg will be investing £5.8 bn in climate finance " supporting fragile and broken states " in order to “ play our part ... 
two rapid-response " strike brigades " to be created as part of uk defence review , pm david cameron says 

argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - 
argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - bbc news 
opposition candidate mauricio macri wins argentina presidential election run-off , according to exit polls . 
opposition ' wins argentina presidency ' - 
argentina conservative ahead in poll 
opposition's is now confirmed winner and new in election results 
kirchenerism ending in argentina 
conservative opposition candidate mauricio macri is ahead in argentina's presidential election , according to early results . 

pfizer seals 60bn allergan takeover 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal to create drugs giant - 
rt pfizer seals $160bn deal to buy allergan . relocating hq to dublin will see pfizer tax bill lowered from 35% to 12.5% … 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan takeover 
ireland deal for international business , pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal change of hq address soon ? 
say it hillary , these companies setting up in low population countries with low tax rates , rips us off , us and uk . 
inv€r$ion seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant 
mib - example of m&a with tax advantage 
blindin ' tax dodge 
pfizer one step closer to world domination 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal - trap for a life time won't even come close to a % of this wake up people 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal . so now we have viagra meets botox - the mind boggles with the combination 
us drugs giant pfizer agrees to buy botox-maker allergan for $160bn , to create world's biggest drug-maker 
us drugs giant pfizer agrees a takeover of botox-maker allergan for $160bn (£106bn ) in a record pharmaceuticals deal . 

today has been a good day for our armed forces . very pleased with the strategic defence and security review . 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 
' 10,000 troops ' to tackle terror attacks 
all things considered , a pretty decent defence review . 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attack and other ideas . by 2025 . 2025 ?! 
well done you found a ise for all the body bags labour bought 
terror should demand nothing less than 100% of our entire , on-going defense budget 
defence . 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - t trident wouldn't be ready until 2030's what's the point ? 
rt bbc news - review : could put 10,000 troops on uk streets to deal with … 
review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - necessary as a minimum . 
all these jets and nuclear missiles will be perfect for taking out a handful of gunmen in a residential area 
it's a start , bit still nowhere near enough . 
rt huge respect for our armed services but they are not a police service and are subject to political control . … 
rt bbc news - defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 
defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 - . hey would you mind waiting 10 years 
is this providing the means to defend ?...... 
rt democratically accountable civil defence , yes ; strike brigades , paramilitary policing and trident , no- … 
rt defence review : pm could send 10,000 troops on to streets - 
bbc news defence review : 10000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm bbc news up to 10,000 troops could be … 
troops on streets to do their jobs if attacked . £31bn so trident can do its job . against ? 
can the rapid force help to feed the increasing number of people going to foodbanks . bbc news - defence review : pm 
rt so the minute any threat or attack happens in the uk , we get ordered around by soldiers ? 
£12bn of welfare cuts by & and remarkably an extra £12bn found for the military 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle - pm 
bbc fellates cameron's defence review , which is basically- give us arms corps loads of money & shout ' terrorism ' 
defense : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 
cost of replacing rises to £31 billion . how reassuring to live in a country with such wealth . 
rt 10,000 troops for domestic deployment . 10,000 . 
wow .... 10 years ... that's ' rapid ' what about now ?! defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 - 
david cameron to outline " case for britain to join its international allies in going after isis " on thursday 
up to 10,000 troops could be deployed in the event of a paris-style attack , david cameron says , as the estimated cost of renewing the uk's nuclear deterrent increases by £6bn . 

belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 
arrests in belgium anti-terror raids 
rt belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
brussels lockdown : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - 
rt detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 https :/ … 
top story : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 
why is it the only people i can speak to on the phone cant give me an answer on a refund for my flight ? 
rt 19 anti-terror raids were carried out in the brussels region & 3 others in charleroi , belgian prosecutor says … 
headline : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 
16 arrests after anti-terror raids in brussels , belgian prosecutor confirms , fugitive salah abdeslam not among them 
belgian police have made 16 arrests after anti-terror raids but paris attacks fugitive salah abdeslam is still at large , the country's federal prosecutor says . 

5 years after cutting funding uk govt reinvests in at last realized how valuable it is ? 
increased funding for we all benefit . 
a good call from the gov ; will make a gd difference to worldwide democracy just need to do a bit more at home dave ! 
confirmed : bbc is to broadcast to ethiopia and eritrea , but in which languages ? 
gets funding boost from government 
bbc world service gets funding boost 
any good news about the world service should be good news for the world . 
grave mistake for bbc to accept direct govt funding . it was ok when world service was separate . worrying . 
rt tax credits slashed but there is no austerity when it comes to serving up british propaganda . that's … 
shrewd soft power given boost 
bbc has financial conflict of interest . today given £85m of " defence budget " . 
gov decision to increase funding after previous cuts is a relief : bbc world service is a vital soft power tool 
great news - a welcome turnaround : gets funding boost from government - 
more on global footprint - world service will get new funding - albeit smaller than before : 
rt bbc to start a pidgin service for nigeria and west africa 
bbc world service funding boost : the only problem is it now popularises the liberal progressive world view 
great to see the government invest to expand services into 
rt big funding increase for bbc world service - including for and - great news : 
rt bbc pidgin and bbc yoruba coming soon 
at last some sense from govt and bbc , world service funding boost from government if 
great news . the bbc world service is an institution of true global greatness where i cut my teeth as a reporter ... 
great news , after all these years - bbc world service gets new funding 
excellent news as gets major funding boost 
bbc core part of uk's new security and defence strategy 
glad to see the government took notice of my submission to the bbc consultation & increasing world service funding : 
uk gov't puts £85m into bbc world service , having recently chopped its entire (£253m ) budget , forever : 
well done , bbc and bbc coming soon 
a good day for the bbc world service and for british public diplomacy 
bbc world service funds boost in other news : malnutrition & homelessness rise in uk 
rt bbc world service gets a boost in that's good news ! 
uk government announces new funding for bbc world service 
the government is to invest £85 million a year in bbc services around the world including in russia , north korea and africa . 

conservative mauricio macri wins argentina presidency 
rt bbc news - mauricio wins presidency 
one down , one to go ; ) 
let's hope macri brings sanity back to argentinian position on falklands & ending kirchner's dangerous rhetoric 
conservative wins argentina presidency 
argentina rediscovers a bit of political common sense 
bit of hope for argentina ; can't be any worse than that dreadful de kirchner woman 
conservative mauricio macri wins presidency 
narrowly votes out peronists and opts for centre-right macri as president 
a fresh start for argentina 
i hope that macri's victory will bring prosperity and an end to destructive populism in 
conservative victory bad , but mind-numbing populist bullshit from the other side dug its own grave . 
with macri's victory , argentina inaugurates a new cycle in latin american politics . 
makes a bold move and a positive one ! 
this seems a sound decision . here's hoping that this will bring an end to peronist style populism . i would like to … 
i remember the after first round , crowing how the left wing candidate had won by a ' landslide ' - ooops 
wow ! now heres hoping he diesnt do a menem ... 
change for 
rt top story in questo momento : conservative mauricio macri wins argentina preside … see more http … 
rt at last ! the end of the kirchner dynasty . 
change is everywhere . we are changing uganda soon ... let's go forward conservative mauricio macri wins argentina ... 
conservative mauricio macri confirmed winner in argentina presidential elections , as ruling party opponent concedes 
conservative mauricio macri is confirmed as the winner in argentina's presidential elections , ending 12 years of centre-left rule . 

david cameron : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
in uk interest : pm only in dave's tory interest .. we're safer if we leave middle east alone . 
world united in terror fight - cameron 
cameron view : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - rest of the world fighting daesh 
christmas cancelled peace to all men put on hold - world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' 
pm holding talks with french president 
david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande - bbc news 
we will never defeat is it's one of the most commonly used words ! seriously tho call them daesh , not a ' state ' 
i dunno man , it doesnt seem like bombs and guns will actually stop them , and will probably help their cause ? 
pm to hold talks with french president 
rt prime minister to told talks with francois hollande on c o-o peration against isil . 
cameron and hollande meet in paris to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
if the ' world ' was united , we wouldn't be fighting 
top story : get your tank refill now david cameron to hold talks with french pre … see more 
[ news botfeed top story ] david cameron to hold talks with french president holl … see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; david cameron to hold talks with french pres … see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : david cameron to hold talks with french … see more 
david cameron : uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - bbc news 
top story david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande … see more 
david cameron & francois hollande visit bataclan where 89 people died in 
david cameron says the " world is coming together " to fight so-called islamic state as he held talks with french president francois hollande . 

the legendary talks to at 1745 on the channel - watch it on tv or streamed here : 
bbc news channel 
britain's most-watched news channel , delivering breaking news and analysis all day , every day . 
french interior minister makes statement after suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud confirmed dead " 
digital cinema media bans the lord's prayer from uk cinemas in wake of paris . 
david cameron & francois hollande make joint statement after talks in paris on the fight against is . watch live 

us issues worldwide travel alert 
rt us state department issues global travel alert - 
us issues worldwide travel alert : the us state department issues a worldwide travel alert for american citizen ... 
i'm more worried about people who don't maintain their raggedy ass planes ! - usa issues global terror travel alert 
us issues rare global travel alert over terror threats 
rt : us issues rare global travel alert over terror threats … 
issues rare travel alert over threats 
issues rare global alert over threats ; alert remains in effect thru 24feb 2016 
the us state department issues a rare global travel alert for american citizens in response to " increased terrorist … 
us issues travel alert for its citizens . 
us issues global travel alert for its citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " 
the us state department issues a worldwide travel alert for american citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " . 

pm announces defence review . amazing how the no brain politicos who led us into this mess think they can get us out . 
video : pm announces defence and security review - 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of an … top story 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of … 
bbc news - pm announces defence and security review 
david cameron gives details of an additional £12bn of equipment spending , as he outlines the strategic defence and … 
live : pm announces defence and security review via 
watch live as prime minister david cameron outlines details of britain's defence & security review 
pm announces defence and security review - bbc news 
david cameron gives details of an additional £12bn of equipment spending , as he outlines the strategic defence and security review in the commons . 

belgium charges man over paris attacks 
belgium charges fourth suspect with role 
top story : paris attacks : belgium charges fourth suspect with role - bbc news see more 
belgium charges fourth suspect with role in paris attack- 
archiving 
: belgium charges man over paris attacks belgian police charge a fourth suspect in connection with the d … 
rt belgium charges man over paris attacks 
new : belgium charges man over paris attacks 
“ belgium charges fourth suspect with role ” 
rt belgium charges fourth suspect with role 
bbc news- attacks : charges fourth suspect with role in 
man arrested in belgium raids on sunday night is charged in connection with paris attacks - belgian prosecutor 
belgian police charge a fourth suspect in connection with the deadly attacks on paris as the authorities maintain the highest security threat level . 

obama says paris attacks aren't ' new normal ' . new normal is actually european cities locked down to prevent attacks 
we won't let the terrorists change our way of life , except for maybe having europe's capitals on indefinite lockdown 
rt we won't let terrorists change our way of life , except for maybe having europe's capitals on indefinite lockdown … 
brussels alert to stay at highest level 
“ imminent threat ” 
: extended over ' imminent threat ' - 
marshal law in belgium ? here we stand in late 2015 with the capital city of europe , brussels , in its third day ... 
citizens in brussels have been warned off the streets amid fears of a serious and imminent terrorist attack 
' imminent threat ' extends brussels alert 
bloody nightmare =\ 
top story : brussels alert ' stays at highest level ' - bbc news see more 
rt paris attacks : brussels alert stays at highest level 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; brussels alert ' stays at highest level ' - bb … see more 
brussels alert extended over ' imminent threat ' , 16 arrests in belgium fugitive salah abdeslam not among them - bbc 
rt belgian pm says brussels security alert status to stay at highest level 
not to make it sound trivial , but can you really refer to someone who's alive as a suicide bomber ? 
【brussels has been on lockdown all weekend , amid a manhunt for suspected paris attacker salah abdeslam . 】 
bbc understands that the picture of third suicide bomber in french police appeal is of a man known as m . al-mahmod 
brussels will stay on the highest level of terror alert because of the " serious and imminent " threat of paris-style attacks , the prime minister says . 

world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says " 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live … see more 
residents & told us what life in lockdown is like 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live updates - bbc news see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - … see more 
paris attacks : 21 arrests in belgium - live updates 
brussels in lockdown the latest on the hunt for salah abdeslam from 
bbc news : summary unavailable 
16 people arrested in belgium . it is so far unconfirmed how many of them were cats 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium . follow live updates here : 
live updates on - 
schools and public transport in brussels remain closed on tuesday . plan to reopen them on wednesday - belgian pm 

