oh , well this is just freakin spiffy . i swear i am going to have a heart attack w all this traveling . 
state department issues worldwide travel alert 
rt . issues a worldwide travel alert via 
us state dept issues worldwide travel alert 
u.s. issues worldwide travel alert 
urgent worldwide travel alert 
worldwide travel warning ! to all my friends traveling ... report any suspicious activity . be safe everyone ! 
rt us state dept issues worldwide alert ( by 
washington ( cnn)the united states issued a worldwide travel alert for americans amid concerns that terror groups ... 
rt issues worldwide - 
so what is the policy 
the state department warned that groups like isis , al-qaeda and boko haram " continue to plan terrorist attacks in ... 
u.s. state department issues worldwide alert via 

from aircraft carrier , launches bid to build coalition - 
possible suicide vest found 
french launch attacks from carrier . possible suicide vest found 
paris terror attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep 
finally a cowardly terrorist ! if only more terrorists where like salah abdeslam . 
it appears france has a new foreign policy for the muddle east that copies ours : bomb arabs . i suspect their ... 
isis hit by jets from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort 
france hits isis from aircraft carrier 
isis hit from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort france grew balls . allahu akbar ... 
france attacks isis from aircraft carrier 
brussels : raids , heavy security in search for paris suspect - 
france isis from aircraft carrier - 
cnn 2015 11 23 world paris attacks index 
brussels lockdown : raids , heavy security continue - 
who is france launching airstrike attacks on ? 
strikes are first from french warship ; belgium charges suspect 
21 arrested in anti-terror raids ; brussels on partial lockdown 
no sign of paris suspect in belgium raids as brussels remains under high alert 

check this out : 
this young man is a hero . he probably saved this woman's life . you rock 
video : robber's gun jams after shooting victim/good samaritan . 
suspect arrested in new orleans shooting caught on video 
suspect arrested in new orleans shooting on video 
there is a god . 

. faces challenge on eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
may not actually make it on to the republican ballot in new hampshire 
republican candidate donald # trump faces challenge on eligibility for the new ballot 
eligibility for republican ballot to be challenged , hearing planned for tuesday - 

' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow debate 
jon snow lives !! 
" what is dead may never die , " right ? poster fuels jon snow debate . 
john snow lives ! 
jon is alive😊 ' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow debate 
rt ' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow debate 
he's back . ' you know nothing jon snow ' via 
is still alive ? 

moroccan woman mistaken for paris jihadi : i live in continuous fear 
woman mistaken for paris jihadi lives in fear 

texas seeks a delay in the obama administration's immigration case at 
texas seeks delay in immigration case at supreme court . 
texas seeks delay in obama immigration case at supreme court . 
texas seeks a delay in the immigration case at supreme court . 


police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park 
how horrible ! 
if blacks reported criminals , america would be a completely different place . 
rt 16 people shot by thugs in new orleans in 1 nite and we r worried about isis ? go figure ! 
multiple people injured after shooting at new orleans park . 
16 injured in new orleans shooting 
police seek witnesses after shootout at crowded park - someone knows something . come on !! 
17 injured in new orleans shooting 
" police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout " at bunny friend park " hundreds of witnesses " 😞 
more 
if you see nothing , explain how you are not part of the problem . 
i love my hometown . stop the violence . 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in new orleans 
breaking news that just occurred in louisiana 
what's up with 
why are mass shooting becoming so popular ? 16 dead at a music video shoot . 
shooting in new orleans leaves many injured 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in 😔 
new orleans it would be astonishing to go a day or two without killings 
of course the people were not terrified and this is not terrorism 
the shooting at a new orlean park left 16 injured . 700 ppl were gathered at the park 
shooting breaks out at new orleans park notice how the medea neglects to say the word black . 
this upsets me . senseless shootings need to stop shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in neworleans 
it looks like new orleans has become the " wild , wild , west " !!! 

rt . 9/11 claim widely disputed . 
. 9/11 celebration claim widely disputed 
carson camp walks back support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
trumps claim about celebrations for 9/11 attacks is nonsense . election 2016 = if it sounds true , good enough . 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( . 9/11 claim widely disputed . 
they are lying they were cheering 
claims he saw 1,000 s in cheering on gives claim " four pinocchios " . 
everyone on earth not named " donald trump " refutes trump's imaginary 9/11 celebration claim 
carson camp walks back support for ' s disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
rt . 9/11 celebration claim is widely disputed via 
. walks back on his support for disputed 9/11 claim 
ben carson's camp walks back support for donald trump's debunked 9/11 celebration in new jersey claim . 
it doesn't take a brain surgeon to know that blindly backing trump is not the smartest move . 
trump's disputed 9/11 celebration ... in alberta the muslims cheered where they were promptly beat up by the whites . 
carson walks back support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
trump , carson 9/11 claim disputed he never comes out of his hotel , how would he see anything ?? fantasizing again ? 
trump , carson repeat disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
more mud thrown at actually there were people cheering in new jersey after 9/11 
& claiming us muslims rejoiced on 9/11 is shameful ! neither should be gop mess ! 
title of this article should be " trump , carson repeat untrue 9/11 celebration claim " 
making america great through ignorance 
and both real stupid trump&carson's disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
trump's 9/11 claim widely disputed keep digging trump . the hole is getting deeper .. someone hand him another shovel !! 
the rhetoric from the leading gop contenders make me afraid for the future of my country . 
" i saw the film of it , yes , " he said . asked what kind of film , he said : " the news reels . " - was this 2001 or 1941 ? 
this is such a ludicrous lie from it makes no sense . why make this up ? 

oil crash sparks opec revolt 
rt oil crash sparks opec revolt against saudis . 
crashing oil prices and civil war show dangers of latifundia and cartels via 
oil crash sparks opec revolt against saudis via cnnmoney 
their long term bet is that by keeping oil prices low they will squeeze american shale oil producers out of the game 
sorry opec , the us does not allow cartels ... 
the crash in oil prices is fanning the flames of revolt against saudi arabia inside the walls of opec . 
keep on fracking !! 
price crash sparks opec revolt against saudis 
imf : things are about to get worse for the middle east 
" today the u.s. produces nearly as much [ oil ] as saudi arabia . " wow . that happened ? 
boone pickens : goldman way off on $20 oil via 
the status quo is controlling the war , ksa fears higher market share 4 russia & usa if it cuts production 
" the 60% plunge in oil prices since june 2014 has slashed opec revenue by nearly $500 billion a year ... " 
the oil wars to cut production to boost the price continues and led by saudi arabia and smaller producers 
via always finding wrong in what muslims r doing . end effect , this helps the consumer . 
imf : things are about to get worse for the middle east via 
crash sparks revolt against saudis . ah greed vs greed via 
good . the stranglehold opec had on the world in the 60's makes me happy karma has come around . 
lingering crash sparks revolt against … 

edited video overlays clinton laughing onto images of benghazi wreckage 
. video shows laughing over benghazi wreckage 
trump video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage 
trump video shows clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 
donald trump video shows hillary clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 
ok donald , this is irresponsible . video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage 
the witchy imagery is not hidden at all in this one : 

u2 will ' put on our best ' for rescheduled paris concert 
bono promises u2 will ' put on our best ' for rescheduled paris concert 
u2 will ' put on our best ' for rescheduled paris concert ( via 
u2 will ' put on our best ' for rescheduled paris concert : u2 and hbo have rescheduled the concert teleca ... 
u2 back in paris the first weekend of december -- hbo concert rescheduled for dec . 7 : 

also new : our state of the race from iowa , where it's the national phenomena , not the iowa workhorses , who can win . 
in iowa , there is little breathing room for some of the gop field via 
in iowa , little breathing room for gop bottom-dwellers 

he escaped ' the beast ' of 
a compelling portrait . from squeegee boy to college professor , d . watkins escaped ' the beast ' of 
great article on the inner city .... and going on to success .... enjoy 
cool article . 
great feature on on check it out here - ' the beast side ' is available now 
escaped ' the beast ' of baltimore 

captain lived and died with the sea 
el faro's captain lived and died with the sea 

can we avoid climate apocalypse ? 
can we avoid climate apocalypse ? ( opinion ) - 
rt can we avoid climate apocalypse ? 
the sooner we're able to wean ourselves off our dirty & dangerous addiction to fossil fuels , the better off we'll be 
can we avoid apocalypse ? 
there's no one perfect climate target : just like there's no magic number of cigarettes we can smoke and still be ok . 
perspectives on 
nancy harris of on why need to be high on the agenda at 
" try solar but my op-ed says " don't try it , research it ! " hype triumphs , 

. on refugees , balance compassion and safety via 
ryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety i hope this is not a smoke screen 2 pacify concerned americans 
paul ryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety 
. cnn op-ed : " on refugees , balance safety , compassion " 
house speaker says america can balance compassion and safety w/ refugees : 
on balance compassion and safety 
paul ryan : on refugees , balance , safety , compassion 
house passed american safe act . background check 
. speakerryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety vi … 
essay by - balance security & compassion in addressing 
based on ' logic ' , we should avoid anything/anyone that ' might be a threat ' . like 
paul ryan : on humans , balance compassion and safety - cnn international 
a great read for your monday morning . insight on the refugee program from a man that should know , 

ted cruz , on the attack 
. is on the attack via 
new , from west des moines -- ted cruz , who refused to touch contrast with a stick , now finds himself in crosshairs . 

the future of 
" because they represent life . " portraits of the future -- the youth of 
in the wake of the paris attacks , took portraits of young people across the city : 
" it was the youth of france who were targeted simply because they represent life , " french president francois ... 

pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests in pregnant wife's murder 
imagine if the races were reversed pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests pregnant wife's murder 
no punishment on earth will be as bad as when these two get to hell . 
white lives matter as much as any other life . killing is killing our blood flows the same . respect to this ... 
two arrested in death of pastor's wife amanda blackburn - 
if you believe in see this 
rt police arrest man in connection with murder of pregnant pastor's wife . 
time to take out and dispose of the trash !!!! 
" today i am deciding to love , not hate . " unbelievable story of compassion . may we all learn to love like this . 
men arrested in pastor's wife killing 
two arrested in the death of pastors wife , amanda blackburn . hmmmmmmmmmm - 
fantastic and fast police work .... law enforcement officials have arrested two pieces of garbage for the rape and ... 
pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after teen's arrest in pregnant wife's murder 
police arrest teen in murder of pastor's wife 
arrested 3 black men in this rape/torture/murder , but media fails to mention race when blacks commit vicious crimes . 
this is so sad man 
pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after teen's arrest in pregnant wife's ... - cnn 
3 black " kill gang " members rape and murder white pregnant pastors wife . where is ? 
man arrested in pastor's wife murder case - via 
want to know what " bearing fruit of the spirit " looks like ? this guy's response to his wife's murder : 
pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' re : arrest of blacks in pregnant wife's murder 
police arrest 2nd man for the murder of a pregnant preacher's wife , shot in a home invasion source : indianapolis pd 
pastor chooses ' love not hate ' after wife's killing - 
man arrested in pastor's wife killing 
18 year old arrested for murdering a pastor's pregnant wife . 
i am sick of 
teen arrested in murder of pastor's pregnant wife - 
pastor says he picks " love , not hate " after 2 men arrested in pregnant wife's murder 

tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor via 
the tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor 
here's my profile of john fetterman — the 6'8 " tattooed mayor who's running for senate . 
i genuinely like john fetterman , and i think he's got a real shot in a general . check him out , pa dems . 
mayor john sat down with to talk about this race , and what " winds his clock . " check it out : 
tattooed mayor makes senate bid 
this man is running for senate , and seems interesting . 
rt tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor via htt … 
great article about and what he's doing for 
the tattoos are not the most interesting thing about in braddock , pennsylvania . 
i am a cynic , w/ all the doubts for our current system but i read this & the cynicism turns into a smile , maybe hope 
let us know when you run , i would like to donate to your campaign . 
cnn politics profile on john fetterman , d for senate : 
in the spirit of political longshot successes : tattoos aren't the most interesting thing about this senate candidate 
the tattoos aren't the most interesting thing about - profile 
i wanted to know what tattoos have to do with him running for the senate . worth a read . 
the tattoos get attention , but story goes deeper with this pgh-area mayor running for us senate : via 
great story via for a monday morning ! 
great story !!! i will trade my mayor for him !! 
this is someone this country should get behind no matter your party . 
the food is free deemed unsellable for one corporate reason or 
great profile of braddock , pa mayor and senate candidate 
great story from on an unlikely senate candidate and the town he's been devoted to for 10 yrs 
over this profile on find out what " winds his clock . " 
an up close look at u.s. senate candidate and his incredible work in braddock . 
excellent story from about , pa mayor setting his sights on the us senate via 


poll : here's how angry the gop is 
. taps into deep republican anger at government 
these numbers are stunning but not surprising . the republican party created these people , coddled and encouraged ... 
poll : here's how angry the gop is : donald doesn't have to tap into anything . people are sick of lawyer speak & lies 
on a scale of 1-10 , how mad are you at our current government ? 
poll shows how angry the gop is at government 
cnn released an article saying 74% receptive to a third party . go for it !! 
donald trump taps into deep gop anger at government - - ... 
pew poll : trump , rubio , cruz , carson tap into the deep republican anger at government 
89% reps & 72% dems don't govt wonder how much of this is fallout from revelations ? 
angry @ gov , caused by rich lobbing . so don't elect they guy they lobby for ! sucks 
fear and loathing in the gop . 
headline fix for yall " trump taps into conservative blind anger over not understanding how govt works " 
reminiscent of " nh " colonistshistorydrivemotivations behindmudgett's " pinetreeriot vs . brits 
when " wtp " face/admitacutaltruthwealowdcotus tbhijackedby$paidbydonor$-2careerpro poltcns4-retrnfavrswehvrite tbangry 
yeah , the gop is angry , but why take it out on the rest of us ? : 
trump into anger at 
94% said gov had major role keeping nation safe from terrorism , 88% nat disasters , 87% safe food & medicine 
donald trump taps into deep anger at government by government they mean congress as well as the admin . 
trump taps into deep republican anger at gov sure , but is not the answer . 
donald trump taps into deep anger , resentment in gop : 
poll : here's how the is at 
we're mad as hell and we're not going to take it anymore . 

end of border-free europe “ on the table , ” according to belgium’s un ambassador : 
belgian ambassador : end of border-free europe ' on the table ' 
belgium : end of border-free europe ' on the table ' 

