
ok then . 
prosecutors : photos show teen disposing of teacher's body - 

possible suicide vest found 
rt paris terror attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep 
from aircraft carrier , launches bid to build coalition - 
french launch attacks from carrier . possible suicide vest found 
finally a cowardly terrorist ! if only more terrorists where like salah abdeslam . 
it appears france has a new foreign policy for the muddle east that copies ours : bomb arabs . i suspect their ... 
isis hit by jets from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort 
france hits isis from aircraft carrier 
isis hit from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort france grew balls . allahu akbar ... 
france attacks isis from aircraft carrier 
brussels : raids , heavy security in search for paris suspect - 
france isis from aircraft carrier - 
cnn 2015 11 23 world paris attacks index 


trump faces challenge on eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
stop it faces challenge on eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
. faces challenges on his eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
dumbasses just giving it to hillary . trump faces challenge on eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
trump took an oath and signed a pledge to the challenge on eligibility for the nh ballot 
donald trump faces challenges on his eligibility for the new hampshire ballot - 
may not actually make it on to the republican ballot in new hampshire 
republican candidate donald # trump faces challenge on eligibility for the new ballot 
eligibility for republican ballot to be challenged , hearing planned for tuesday - 


somali pirates seize iranian , thai ships - 

i believe it was a stunt to get attention and now it's a shakedown ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 mil 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city 
ridiculous , greedy $ demand : "' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city . " 
shakedown . let ' em sue . no chance ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city 
( bomb ) mohamed's family sues us $15 million , demand apologies from texas city after moving to qatar , asses 
these guys just proved that they are 100% american . 
" if you see something say something " can get you sued . 
family of ' clock boy ' seeks $15m 
if anyone had any doubt was a fraud : disgusting . 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed seeks $15 million , apologies - 
muslim ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family suing city for $15 million and wants apologies from texas city : 
hoax for fame-seeking wasn’t enough , now wants money too . 
family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city nice fucking work 
ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city . i am now completely unsympathetic to this kid 
this is a bit much . the kid is getting into any school he wants ! -- family seeks $15 million , apologies 
family of boy who made the handmade clock ( not really ) seeks $15 million . this seems to have been the end game 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15m , apologies from texas city . 
" fuck . " -taxpayers 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from irving , tx 




. flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution via 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution 
so , no comment from the media on obama and the 57 states . 
carson flubs thomas jefferson oh dear god this man is such an idiot ! every time he opens his mouth 
might think muslims can't be president but i don't think we should allow people who don't know history 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution - cnn 
guess dr. ben was absent they taught fancy book learnin ' history ' bout ' merca when he was was in college . 
how fing misleading is this they asked him which founding father impressed him most . no who was present at the cc 
ben carson flubs thomas jefferson's role re . the constitution : via cnn 
so ben carson does not even know what ben carson has said on this subject before ... sheesh ! 
he totally missed the late 80s . 
















then we flew to new jersey and watched muslims cheering . ' many people jumped & i witnessed it ' on 9/11 
trump : ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 from 4 miles away , hello sarah palin 
. " many people jumped and i witnessed it " on 9/11 via 
... sure you did don , sure you did 
donald trump claims ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 
trump : ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 deeper & deeper down the rabbit hole we go ... 
i literally feel sick & terrified of right now & those who cheered 
rt . " many people jumped and i witnessed it " on 9/11 via … 
rt cnni " donald trump claims ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 " 
. claimed monday he watched people jump out of twin towers on 9/11 from his apartment 4 miles away : 
trump : ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 : i always say they're not coming from sweden that want ... 
trump : ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 liar !!! 
. it is well established muslims in jc & patterson celebrated the attack on 9/11 . hundreds not 1000's . 
rt jdiamond1 : . realdonaldtrump claimed monday he watched people jump out of twin tow … 
trump on 9/11 

your favorite brands are launching in africa 
" within five years we could be in five or six countries in africa ... this is the hottest new market in the world . " 
would want to watch the trend in with krispy kreme and dunkins now launching in africa - cnn 
africa is becoming an emerging market for lots of american brands to enter via 
money cnn companies africa starbucks krispy kreme hm dunkin donuts index 



