state department issues worldwide travel alert 
u.s. issues worldwide travel alert 
us state dept issues worldwide travel alert 
urgent worldwide travel alert 
worldwide travel warning ! to all my friends traveling ... report any suspicious activity . be safe everyone ! 
rt us state dept issues worldwide alert ( by 
washington ( cnn)the united states issued a worldwide travel alert for americans amid concerns that terror groups ... 
rt issues worldwide - 
so what is the policy 
the state department warned that groups like isis , al-qaeda and boko haram " continue to plan terrorist attacks in ... 
u.s. state department issues worldwide alert via 
rt . issues a worldwide travel alert via 

$21m hatton garden jewel heist biggest ' in english legal history , ' lawyer says 
$21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says 
rt largest jewel heist in england goes to trial . youngest member of the gang ? 42 . ( ht 
$21m hatton garden jewel heist biggest ' in english legal history .... straight out of a james bond film .. 
jewel heist so big it makes history 
rt $21 million hatton garden heist " the largest burglary in english legal history . " or garden varie … 
$21 million hatton garden heist " the largest burglary in english legal history . " or garden variety cybercrime 

hagel : focus on isis , not assad 
former defense secretary hagel : focus on not assad 
former secretary of defense hagel : insisting assad must go puts us at risk of confusing its allies and adversaries 
ex-defense secretary chuck hagel says the united states should focus on isis before syria's president assad 
hagel was always one of the better ones 
scary : ex- secdef says is part of answer to problem , not a cause of problem . 
former secdef hagel : build partnerships and focus on isis first , assad later - 
as russia mass-murders sunnis in syria , us policy begins to fragment . 
even former sec def hagel agrees its not wise to topple focus should be 100% on 
unite round the common interest & defeat these barbaric focus on not 
if we continue to fight assad we will just be fighting the russians instead !! 
chuck hagel says to focus on isis not assad 
chuck hagel tells that calling for assad to go is confusing to our allies and adversaries : 

imagine if the races were reversed pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests pregnant wife's murder 
no punishment on earth will be as bad as when these two get to hell . 
pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests in pregnant wife's murder 
rt pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests in pregnant wife's murder 
pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests in pregnant wife's murder // amazing act of forgiveness ! 
white lives matter as much as any other life . killing is killing our blood flows the same . respect to this ... 
two arrested in death of pastor's wife amanda blackburn - 
if you believe in see this 
rt police arrest man in connection with murder of pregnant pastor's wife . 
time to take out and dispose of the trash !!!! 
" today i am deciding to love , not hate . " unbelievable story of compassion . may we all learn to love like this . 
men arrested in pastor's wife killing 
two arrested in the death of pastors wife , amanda blackburn . hmmmmmmmmmm - 
fantastic and fast police work .... law enforcement officials have arrested two pieces of garbage for the rape and ... 
pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after teen's arrest in pregnant wife's murder 
police arrest teen in murder of pastor's wife 
arrested 3 black men in this rape/torture/murder , but media fails to mention race when blacks commit vicious crimes . 
this is so sad man 
pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after teen's arrest in pregnant wife's ... - cnn 
3 black " kill gang " members rape and murder white pregnant pastors wife . where is ? 
man arrested in pastor's wife murder case - via 
want to know what " bearing fruit of the spirit " looks like ? this guy's response to his wife's murder : 
pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' re : arrest of blacks in pregnant wife's murder 
police arrest 2nd man for the murder of a pregnant preacher's wife , shot in a home invasion source : indianapolis pd 
pastor chooses ' love not hate ' after wife's killing - 
man arrested in pastor's wife killing 
18 year old arrested for murdering a pastor's pregnant wife . 
i am sick of 
teen arrested in murder of pastor's pregnant wife - 

texas seeks delay in immigration case at supreme court . 

7 dead after helicopter crashes in kashmir on way back from hindu shrine 
kashmir helicopter crash kills 7 
kashmir helicopter crash kills 7 - smh 😔 
7 dead in helicopter crash 

how horrible ! 
if blacks reported criminals , america would be a completely different place . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park 
rt 16 people shot by thugs in new orleans in 1 nite and we r worried about isis ? go figure ! 
multiple people injured after shooting at new orleans park . 
16 injured in new orleans shooting 
police seek witnesses after shootout at crowded park - someone knows something . come on !! 
17 injured in new orleans shooting 
" police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout " at bunny friend park " hundreds of witnesses " 😞 
more 
if you see nothing , explain how you are not part of the problem . 
i love my hometown . stop the violence . 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in new orleans 
breaking news that just occurred in louisiana 
what's up with 
why are mass shooting becoming so popular ? 16 dead at a music video shoot . 
shooting in new orleans leaves many injured 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in 😔 
new orleans it would be astonishing to go a day or two without killings 
of course the people were not terrified and this is not terrorism 
the shooting at a new orlean park left 16 injured . 700 ppl were gathered at the park 
shooting breaks out at new orleans park notice how the medea neglects to say the word black . 
this upsets me . senseless shootings need to stop shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in neworleans 
it looks like new orleans has become the " wild , wild , west " !!! 

nbc to give 4 gop candidates free ad time to compensate for time given to trump on ‘ snl . ’ 
rt new trump's gop rivals get ' equal time ' on nbc 
donald trump's gop rivals granted ' equal time ' on nbc 
nbc has agreed to give equal time to mike huckabee , john kasich , lindsey graham and james gilmore to compensate them for donald trump's " saturday night live " gig . 

. 9/11 claim widely disputed . 

trump on protester : ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' 
rt on protester : ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' … 
are you kidding me ?? trump on protester : ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' 
to - you're sickening . trump on protester : ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' 
rt trump on protester : ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' 
donald trump on black lives matter protester : ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' - 
rt the story behind this video , in the protester's own words --> … 
rt protester at rally says he was called " monkey " & n-word : https://… 
he advocates white people beating up a black man . nice . trump on protester : ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' 
rt if this man is elected ... god help us all trump on protester : ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' … 
black lives matter protester describes violent confrontation at trump event - 
rt the fascist officially condones violence , as did hitler against the jews . … 
presidents represent all the people , not your chosen few . 
so inappropriate . poor leadership skills . excels in crudeness , ignorance . my opinion 
big deal ... on protester : maybe he should have been roughed up 
rt trump : ' maybe he should have been roughed up'/ a candidate 4 prez shouldn't incite & condone violence of americans … 
rt this is our country . this is life now . we should all be ashamed of ourselves for letting this go on for so long . https://… 
mussolini jr. your follower's sheets are showing . 
this is why i don't like trump ! he attracts haters ! ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' 
saw it when it happened . not sure what vid youre watching . 
trump : maybe protester deserved it 
“ maybe he should have been roughed up because it was absolutely disgusting what he was doing . ” - donald trump 
how can people continue to support trump ? it's bad enough this kind of thing happens at his rallys but to ... 
why are people so accepting of this devil ? he speaks hate and intolerance and people are acting like this is ok .... 
so , trump is advocating violence now and he wants to be potus ? i think not ! 
will you support freedom of speech if elected ? ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' 
what happen's when your ex shows up at your wedding in an angry protest ? 

authorities carry out raids in belgium leading to the arrests of 16 people . 

rt six russian nationals were killed in the radisson blu hotel attack in mali , russian foreign ministry says . … 
american who survived deadly attack in mali describes her experience . 

early election results place mauricio macri in the lead in argentina's election . 

from aircraft carrier , launches bid to build coalition - 
possible suicide vest found 
french launch attacks from carrier . possible suicide vest found 
paris terror attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep 
finally a cowardly terrorist ! if only more terrorists where like salah abdeslam . 
it appears france has a new foreign policy for the muddle east that copies ours : bomb arabs . i suspect their ... 
isis hit by jets from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort 
france hits isis from aircraft carrier 
isis hit from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort france grew balls . allahu akbar ... 
france attacks isis from aircraft carrier 
brussels : raids , heavy security in search for paris suspect - 
france isis from aircraft carrier - 
cnn 2015 11 23 world paris attacks index 
brussels lockdown : raids , heavy security continue - 
who is france launching airstrike attacks on ? 
strikes are first from french warship ; belgium charges suspect 
21 arrested in anti-terror raids ; brussels on partial lockdown 

somali pirates seize iranian , thai ships 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( somali pirates seize iranian , thai ships 

ebola crisis : who slammed by harvard-convened panel over slow response 
health panel says world health organization mishandled ebola outbreak response . 
ebola crisis : who slammed over slow response 
crisis : slammed by harvard-convened panel over slow response 
" ebola crisis : who slammed over poor response " 
46 . public health : 2014 - 2015 ebola epidemic , harvard university : who slammed by harvard panel over slow response 
thanks sterling -- and here's the link to the coverage of our report : 
the report is in . who's greatest failure re : ebola was waiting too long to act . 
health panel says world health organization mishandled outbreak response , rpts : 
who slammed on delayed response - 
" who slammed on delayed ebola response " 

authorities carry out raids in belgium leading to the arrests of 16 people . " 
brussels remains under highest terror alert amid warning of ' imminent threat ' # 
multiple raids in brussels as police seek isis terrorists 
16 arrested in anti-terror raids 
belgian police arrest 16 , but isis ringleader still on the run 

mali hotel attack : president calls for unity to fight terror 
mali hotel attack : president calls for unity to fight terrorism 
rt cnnbrk : mali hotel attack : president calls for unity to fight terror 
mali hotel tack : president calls for unity to fight terror " 
gunmen shot ' anything that moved ' 
hotel attack : calls for unity to fight terror - 
jcisholy : jcisholy - 

