u.s. issues worldwide travel alert 
state department issues worldwide 
be safe ! 
gg wildcard daily headline : cnn " usa issues worldwide travel alert " 
probably safe to say they have solid reasons for doing this . keep your heads on a swivel travelers . 
travels alerts to who is travelling during the holiday season . 
state dept issues worldwide travel alert but plans to import thousands of syrians , potential terrorists 
well this is fun considering im going to paris and england in january 
more info 
let us help you and your teams to understand the situation and to be and secure domestic and international 
alright ..., if you must travel , please be careful .... 
o: we cannot & will not succumb to fear . nor can we allow fear to divide us . that’s how terrorists win 
rt state department issues worldwide 
rt us state dept issues worldwide travel alert … 
isis is contained , al qaida is neutralized , and islam is peaceful . must be fear mongers in the dos . obama the worst 
if you need this alert to be alert then your not alert . i'm all for non aggressive principle alert but you ... 



bigots , racists , arrogant a holes ... for u.s. president ... pathetic , and yet media is so sluggish to call their ... 
carson walks back support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim ..... 
donald trump's 9/11 celebration claim widely disputed - 
rt . 9/11 claim widely disputed . 
. walks back on his support for disputed 9/11 claim 
except for own reporting - carson walks back support for trump's 9/11 celebration clm 
that's a lie ! 
nyt’s doesn’t recall anyone saying “ thousands , or even hundreds " celebrated 9/11 : 
no surprise about this . trump is a pathological liar . 
rt trumps claim about celebrations for 9/11 attacks is nonsense . election 2016 = if it sounds true , good enough . … 
literally check cnn and any other major news outlet . example : 
another example of trying 2 lose elections so he can make political deals do rem 5 dancing israelis 
first thought this story was about those shitty fox news broadcasts that were widely discredited as pakistani cric … 
carson apologizes , but trump repeats disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
nothing will change . his poll numbers will jump 30 pts & he'll further lock in the ignorant , racist cracker vote . 
pants on fire ! honesty ? none ! no support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
rt carson camp walks back support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
trump's 9/11 claim widely disputed 
needs to be the best & brightest the us has not two turnips that fell off the truck 
. first carson said he saw it , before he said he unsaw it - 

rt paris terror attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep 
some terrorist changed his mind possibly ? 
possible suicide vest found 
" possible suicide vest found in paris suburb " - 
no sign of paris suspect in belgium raids as brussels remains under high alert - cnn 
paris attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep👉 
possible suicide vest found in garbage can . 
attacks isis from aircraft carrier , launches bid to build coalition : 
french launch attacks from carrier . possible suicide vest found 
finally a cowardly terrorist ! if only more terrorists where like salah abdeslam . 
it appears france has a new foreign policy for the muddle east that copies ours : bomb arabs . i suspect their ... 
isis hit by jets from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort 
france hits isis from aircraft carrier 
isis hit from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort france grew balls . allahu akbar ... 
france attacks isis from aircraft carrier - 


coming to college football via snapchat - 
first on cnn : buys ads on for thanksgiving football game attendees 
first on cnn : cruz buys ads on snapchat for thanksgiving football 
communist news network : cruz buys ads on snapchat for thanksgiving football cruz'n to victory 
be wary : first on cnn : cruz buys ads on snapchat for thanksgiving football - 
first on cnn : ted cruz buys ads on snapchat for thanksgiving football 
heading to a sec football game on saturday ? if so , check out the ads on ( via 


jon snow lives !! 
' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow debate 
' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow d # royalsleadseries 
' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow dead or alive debate 
' thrones ' ad fuels jon snow debate 
jon snow .. king of the white walkers ! or .. just take your pick from all the other wishful thinkers . 
is jon snow dead ? 
i have no idea if jon snow will be alive , dead , or undead next season , but the book never actually says he died . 
" what is dead may never die , " right ? poster fuels jon snow debate . 
john snow lives ! 
he's back . ' you know nothing jon snow ' via 
is still alive ? 

another reason why i like living where i do . sorry memphis . but , that is creepy . 
spiders cause a north memphis freakout 
got spiders ? 
pray for memphis . 
real story happening now in north memphis causing town to freakout 
" real story happening now in north memphis causing town to freakout " 😨 
this must be " nope of the decade " for arachnophobic friends : 
this is , unquestionably , my greatest fear . 
nightmares ... 
just one of the many reasons i will never live in memphis : 
half mile long spider web ! 
spiders invade like ' horror movie ' 
whoa . whoa . not cool , guys . 
the good news : i'm quoted in a cnn story above the fold on their website ! the bad news : there’s a typo in my tweet ! 
ur gonna love this : 
you gotta pull sound bites from this : 
webs a half mile long !? yikes ! 
spider invasion in memphis ! you know who to call if it ever happened in southern arizona ! 
oh my .. 
along came a spider ... followed by many more & i'm so glad i don't live in memphis , tn right now !!! 
" the spiders are coming from a nearly half-mile-long web ... " and i never slept again . 

turkish military admits to shooting down russian plane 


. we are all french now 
obama : we are all french now : 
rt . and meet : what a différence in u . s . -french relations 
. potus after meeting fhollande : we are all french now via s … 
obama after meeting hollande : we are all french now - - 
isis can only be stopped by defeating their ideology first . 
this time , france wants the war 
. aftr meet ' we're all french now ' & 
" we are all french now " -- obama . presented wo comment 
obama to hollande : after paris attacks , " we are all french now " more true than obama could ever know ... 
obama and hollande meet : what a difference in u . s . -french relations 
meeting with french president francois hollande , president obama says , we are all french now ( via 
barack obama , francois hollande meet : what a difference - 
obama and hollande meet : what a difference in u . s . -french relations ( via 
false comparison by obama and hollande meet : what a difference in relations ( was right about iraq ) 
--- france's president will come visit the this tuesday to talk war 

is the most misunderstood candidate ? via 
compares syrian terrorists to mad dogs , not syrian refugees as contends 
carson : it's all a misunderstanding 
carson : the most misunderstood candidate ? 
problem is , the example given in this video is not difficult to understand , or controversial . it is an ... 
. the most misunderstood candidate ? no , it's clearly understood ... benny shouldn't be president . 
slipping in iowa & brain power . 
es , and , we are dumb clucks !!! 
-- is that misunderstood ? 
ben carson says we do not understand but his drop in the polls shows clearly we do . 
you can't keep blaming the media for misquoting you more time passes = showing how unqualified 
says he's misunderstood . literally . by 
how durable is the brand ? 
doc ben whining he's " misunderstood " is politician equivalent of philandering husband claiming wife doesn't get him 
carson's rocky few weeks have raised questions about the durability of his brand 

he escaped ' the beast ' of 
why i stay in baltimore 
rt he escaped ' the beast ' of 
a compelling portrait . from squeegee boy to college professor , d . watkins escaped ' the beast ' of 
great article on the inner city .... and going on to success .... enjoy 
cool article . 
great feature on on check it out here - ' the beast side ' is available now 
escaped ' the beast ' of baltimore 

wow lol 
u.s. ' clock boy ' seeks $15m and apology 
- he isnt a dummy - officials got played - americans don't seek to bankrupt our own home town schools over feelings . 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city 
he had my sympathy and now my outright contempt ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million 
boy ' mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from city 
' clock boy's ' family seeks $15 million , apology 
' clock boy ' seeks $15m and apology ! " a way to get rich " ! of course the school took precautions ! what if ... 
wow . i need to do this , i could use the cash . ok , so if i build a questionable device , and scare people , i can go ... 
$15m ?! what a world we live in . get a job you bum . ' clock boy ' seeks $15 million 
' clock boy'mohamed's family seeks $15 million from texas city . judge should sanction the lawyer for being an idiot 
child ' s " reputation in the global community is permanently scarred " ? should sue his father and then cnn . 
family of ' clock boy ' seeks $15m 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed seeks $15 million , apologies - - 
cool scam , ahmed . 
rt interrupting idol talk for real talk : family , let it gooooo , your kid is practically a superstar , not … 
interrupting idol talk for real talk : family , let it gooooo , your kid is practically a superstar , not global trash 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million & apology from texas city : 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from tx city 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million . i think they meant ' cock boy ' anything for a pay day :/ 
ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city . report something suspicious and get sued ? wtf ?? 
is family entitled to this ? 
sad to know this happened to this young man , but 15 million ?? this is part of the reason america is broke 
rt " if you see something say something " can get you sued . 
texas ' clock boy ' seeks $15 million from city 
' clock boy ' it looked like a bomb , sorry . walk it off it ! it was a very understandable error 
u.s. ' clock boy ' seeking $15 million 
now that the buzz ran out , time for the money ! ahmed to sue state for $15 million . 
extortion money for radicals . 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million ridiculous . if they win money should go to muslim group 
shocker of the year . . . . never let a good money grab opportunity go to waste . 
ah , now we see what that whole " clock " thing was really about . 

rt who's bombing in syria ? 
rt mt putin : avion derrivado es " punalada en la espalda " putin calls plane's downing by turkey ' stab in the back ' http … 
rt turkish military says plane violated airspace ; they responded with f-16s . 
putin calls jet's downing ' stab in the back ' ; turkey says warning ignored 
rt turkish military says russian warplane repeatedly violated airspace , ignored warnings . … 
" putin : downing of a " stab in the back , " will affect russia-turkey relations . 
rt nato chief urges ' calm and de-escalation ' , sides with turkey ... 
pilot killed , plus russian marine in rescue try -- russian news agency 
rt turkey says it issued 10 warnings to the russian plane it claims to have shot down . … 
russian jet shot down by turkey 
putin calls jet's downing by turkey ' stab in the back ' - 
rt congratulations turkey on starting world war 3 . what is wrong with you people . why do you want this war . … 
" putin : downing of a stab in the back . " & camoron wants 2 get involved in this clusterfuck ! 
rt russian warplane downed ; turkey says aircraft violated airspace near border 
"" by on 
got putin's attention : calls jet's downing ' stab in the back ' ; turkey says warning ignored 
rt turkey shot down a russian warplane near the turkish-syrian border . turkey said it hit the plane after it ... … 

probably 
trump repeats false 9/11 claim 
" there's no way to say that it wasn't . " that's how donald trump's lawyer defends his lies . just wow ! 
top trump adviser on disputed 9/11 claim : " what's important is that there are bad people among us . " 
this is interesting . do you think there was anyone who celebrated on 9/11 or was everyone saddened by what ... 
donald trump adviser : trump's ' probably right ' on disputed 9/11 claim - 
hey how is it you never go after barack obama , hillary clinton when they tell howling lies , mistruths ? 
whether trump & staff are lying or just wrong is irrelevant . falsehoods and incitement are bad 
no he's not 
your sauce is the weakest sauce . bow-out and 
wtf i saw it also . big time in elizabeth new jersey . 
i claim cheered jfk's death . according to his team's logic , there is no way to prove he didn't .. 
generally speaking , this is a poor rhetorical move 
wait , i don't think thats how the truth works . 
this is an odd argument 
trump adviser on 9/11 claim : " he's probably right ... what's important is that there are bad people among us . " 
buried in this article on trump's insane lies about 9-11 is the first step toward splitting the gop vote : 
i can see why this is controversial , but i thought there were many documented cases of this , particularly in nyc 
did cohen really say this ? " what's important is that there are bad people among us . " wow .... just wow 
warning to the more you bash the more firm his base . he will beat 
the big lie the big lie the big lie the big lie the big lie the big lie the big lie the big lie the big lie the big 
trump sticks to false 9/11 claim 
does this shed any light on your fact checker comment in regards to this 

moroccan woman mistaken for paris jihadi : i live in continuous fear 
i told you guys its all happening just of mistakenly 
woman mistaken for paris jihadi lives in fear 
woman mistaken for jihadi : i live in fear 


texas seeks delay in obama immigration case at supreme court 
texas seeks delay in immigration case at supreme 
texas seeks delay in scotus immigration case - 
texas seeks a delay in obama administration's immigration case at via 
texas seeks a delay in the obama administration's immigration case at 
rt just in : will hear immigration case this term ? maybe not : 
texas seeks delay in obama supreme court immigration case in bid to run out clock on this white house 
texas attorney general , ken paxton , requests a 30-day extension to file a reply brief to on case 
texas playing politics , seeks delay in obama immigration case at 
yday texas + 25 states said they needed more time to file immigration brief doj said it would oppose delay : 
rt texas seeks a delay in the obama administration's immigration case at … 
texas seeks in case at supreme court 
seeks delay in case at supreme court - cnn 

. don't get swayed by the gop's " fear tactics and scare mongering " 
clinton : don't get swayed by gop ' fear tactics and scare mongering ' 
president hillary rodham clinton " i want democrats to vote for me , but i want sensible republicans to vote for ... 
clinton : gop ' scare mongering ' 
as her former state department issued a world wide travel alert : rt : clinton : don't get swayed by gop care mongering ' 
clinton : don't get swayed by gop ' fe wtf hillary , no need . look at the world ? open your eyes ! 
tell the french not 2 b swayed or the belgians ! hungary is not stupid ie killary/barry ! 


hillary is the typhoid mary of poor choices . leave it to cnn to nail her on the only truthful word out of her . 
. says her use of the term " illegal immigrant " was a " poor choice of words " 
hitllary sorry for speaking the truth . wow . 
clinton says her use of term ' illegal immigrant ' was a ' poor choice of words ' 
shame on hillary clinton for apologizing for her use of ' illegal immigrant ' . 
rt ❗️clinton apologizes for saying illegal immigrant corrupt liar has no regrets for setting up steven … 
apologizes says her use of term ' illegal immigrant ' was ' poor choice of words ' 
hillary ' sorry ' for saying ' illegal immigrant ' ... 
whoa . hillary caught not obfuscating ! " clinton says her use of " illegal immigrant " poor word choice " 
clinton apologizes for using term ' illegal immigrant ' it was a ' poor choice of words ' . more pc bs ! 
illegal immigrant . they are here illegally . they are immigrants . thus they are illegal immigrants . hillary is a ... 
the words are unfortunate especially when they're used correctly , so i agree with you . 
illegal immigrant pandering by clinton continues 
fyi , , through aired a project of 
omg hillary's message changes depending on her audience ? inconceivable ! o'malley , the rounding error in democrat ... 
another cucked politician ruining the us clinton says her use of term ' illegal immigrant ' was ' poor choice of words ' 
rt clinton said her use of the term " illegal immigrant " at a town hall was a " poor choice of words . " … 
rt says her use of term ' illegal immigrant ' was a ' poor choice of words ' they broke the law !!! … 
clinton says sorry she said " illegal immigrant " . politics ! 
clinton says her use of term ' illegal immigrant ' was a ' poor choice of words ' 
broke ass hillary apologizes for using term ' illegal ' at nh rally to refer to illegals : " poor choice of words . " 
rt suthen_boy : ❗️clinton apologizes for saying illegal immigrant corrupt liar has no regrets for setting … 
dear is there a reason why campaign is not mentioned in ur story ? : 
says her use of term ' illegal immigrant ' was a ' poor choice of words ' are they here legally or not ? 
sorry ass hillary apologizes for correctly using term ' illegal ' at nh rally discussing illegals . 
❗️clinton apologizes for saying illegal immigrant corrupt liar has no regrets for setting up stevens 
rt the democratic party allows language to be controlled by foreigners who break our laws : 


another gotcha goes up in smoke , cnn . carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution 
carson flubs jefferson's role in the constitution 
updates carson/jefferson story to mention letters jefferson wrote and bill of rights 
updates carson/jefferson story to mention letters and bill of rights 
updates carson/jefferson story to mention the letters jefferson wrote and the bill of rights with 
. flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution via 
rt cnnpolitics : . realbencarson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution vi … 
rt carson flubs jefferson's role in the constitution 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution dr ben is a dangerousperson not pres material 
so , no comment from the media on obama and the 57 states . 
carson flubs thomas jefferson oh dear god this man is such an idiot ! every time he opens his mouth 
might think muslims can't be president but i don't think we should allow people who don't know history 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution - cnn 



rt multiple people injured after shooting at new orleans park . 
rt gunmen open fire on crowd of hundreds in new orleans . i'm ok with calling it terrorism , are you ? 
17 injured in new orleans shooting 
- " stop shooting black people , you racist cops ! " - news : " 16 people shot at new orleans ... 
new orleans shooting many wounded - 
17 wounded in new orleans shooting , 5 in minnesota , and we're scared of syrian orphans ? the fuck , people . the fuck . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park 
as i remember it in the 1990s . how can so much joy and art and so much violence go together ? 
police no witnesses 17 injured in shootout park if black lives really matter then speak up you know who it was 
says only nation where this regularly happens . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park . in 
and ur gonna ask for a source so here you go why no ppl talk about this shit 
ya 17 blacks shot by blacks yeaterday at bunny park yet no mention on here why please explain 
why have you not mentioned the 17 blacks shotby other blks at bunny park ? doesnt fit ur narrative . 
lol did u react like this to the 17 black ppl shot at bunny park last night by other black ppl . 
are you also gonna hunt the guys that shot 17 black ppl at bunny park last night ? 
why dont u supposed supporters mention last nights massacre of blacks by blacks ? 
more 
are the black ppl who shot 17 other black ppl yesterday also terrorists . why dont u mention that ? 
why dont u pray for the 17 blacks shot in a park by other black ppl last night in new orleans ? 
black lives matter ... 
y no outrage and protests for 17 black ppl getting shot by other blacks 
why are u not mentioned the 17 black ppl shot in a park last night by other blk ppl 
16 injured in new orleans shooting 
thoughts and prayers to those affected in the new orleans shooting . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured god told you everyday this week until the dismember 
rt police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped … 
rt 16 people shot by thugs in new orleans in 1 nite and we r worried about isis ? go figure ! 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped this 
seventeen people were shot in new orleans in a crowded park . 
why worry about americans shoot at themselves . hundreds of witnesses , very few speak out . 
17 injured in park shooting in new orleans . 
how horrible ! 
if blacks reported criminals , america would be a completely different place . 
police seek witnesses after shootout at crowded park - someone knows something . come on !! 
" police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout " at bunny friend park " hundreds of witnesses " 😞 
if you see nothing , explain how you are not part of the problem . 
i love my hometown . stop the violence . 
rt shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in new orleans via 
breaking news that just occurred in louisiana 
what's up with 

5 things you need to know about russian jet shot down by turkey 
syria becomes more complicated . 
5 things to know about russian jet shot down by turkey 
5 things you need to know about jet shot down by 
the correct headline should read : " turkey attacks russia-how stupid can turkey be ? " 
5 things to know about downed russian jet 
5 things you need to know about shot down by turkey - 
5 things to know about turkey downed a russian war jet 
russian president vladimir putin says the downing of the jet is a " a stab in the back by the terrorists ' ... 
what to know about the russian jet that was downed by turkey 

december 17th cannot come fast enough “ plants easter egg november 24 ” 
a long time ago in a galaxy far far away ... 
google plants ' star wars ' easter egg 
rt google plants star wars easter egg 
have you seen the new google star wars easter egg ? 
google easter egg 

. discriminated against us workers , complaint states . 
disney giscriminated against us workers , complaint states . . . . . . 
discriminated against us workers , complaint states november 24 - cnnmoney 

suspect arrested in new orleans shooting caught on video 
suspect arrested in new orleans shooting on video 
god is real . 
great ! congrats to new orleans p.d. for the quick arrest . 👍 
arrest in shooting caught on video 
i can't believe this poor black boy was arrested ! he dindu nuffin wrong ! 
the lesson in this story is that if you intervene , you must use maximum force to control the situation . 
remind me again why it's wrong to put down animals like this . suspect arrested in new orleans shooting 
dramatic video shows hero , peter gold , 25 , tulane univ . med-student being shot by thug in new orleans . gold survived 
check this out : 
this young man is a hero . he probably saved this woman's life . you rock 
video : robber's gun jams after shooting victim/good samaritan . 
there is a god . 

rt new twist on the annual " obama pardons turkey " story 
obama : turkey has the right to defend itself - 
rt . on downing of russian jet : turkey has the right to defend its airspace … 
obama defends turkey 
rt obama : turkey has right to defend itself & its airspace total bs - turkey knew they h … 
rt hussein obama : muslim turkey has the right to defend itself and its airspace 
rt . declares at a press conference with that isis " cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed " … 
rt . & i agree removing assad from power is best way to bring peace to syria https : … 
rt getting the feeling that if turkey had shot down an f-15 of ours obama would say " that's ok , we deserved it . " … 
obama : turkey has right to defend itself & its airspace total bs - turkey knew they had o's tacit ok 
of course he would ! turkey has facilitated the growth of isis . it makes perfect sense that he would back them . 
rt . russia is welcome to be part of the coalition but propping up assad is a problem https://… 
obama refers as " moderate opposition " to anti-assad fighters who shouted " allahu akbar " after killing russian ... 
rt i'm sure will pardon turkey officially " new twist on the annual " obama pardons turkey " story http … 


iowa poll : cruz , not carson , now trump's chief rival 
iowa poll : not now chief rival via 
ha ! ha ! communist news network is dismayed iowa poll : cruz , not carson , now trump's chief rival 
evangelicals now shifting 2 cruz , i suspect by feb 1 some will shift 2 
iowa poll : gop(r)cruz , not gop(r)carson , now gop(r)trump's chief rival 
iowa poll : ted cruz , not ben carson , now donald trump's top rival - 
ted cruz within the margin of error in iowa !!! 
iowa poll : cruz , not carson , now trump's top rival 
rt big move for cruz in iowa to surpass carson for 2nd to trump , per new q poll : 
here we go cruz nearly catches trump in ia 
iowa poll : not ben carson , now trump's chief rival 
if the jobs don't show up which trump can produce , then we become susceptible to the islamic state giving us jobs 
the conservative tortoise approaches the hare via 
is climbing in the polls and is competition according to iowa polls 

why some say donald trump s talk is - 
i'd love for all these gopers denouncing trump as a fascist specifically disavow his fascist policies . 
why some conservatives say trump talk is fascist 
rt trump behavior that raises red flags for fascism scholars : ethnic stereotyping ; condoning violence ; bullying media … 
rt why some conservatives say talk is fascist via 
rt so deserves all the credit for comparing trump to roderick spode , but it's getting real now : … 
took them long enough . rest of us already know . " why some conservatives say talk is fascist " . 
rt maggienyt : strong mj_lee piece on the new word being used for trump - fascist 
in many cases i think you're a hollow shadow of your potential , but in this case : well done cnn . trump review 
this gives me hope that there are still reasonable republicans : why some conservatives say trump's talk is fascist 
donald trump has been called lots of things — now a new label is surfacing 
rt strong piece on the new word being used for trump - fascist 
time for you wake up and smell the coffee . take a look @ the popular vote in ' 64 & embrace your future defeat 
latest pathetic excuse 4 " news " by calling names ? seriously ?! plz go out and hire some real journalists 
rt " donald trump has been called lots of things — now a new label is surfacing , " reports on … 
lsm mostly decide it's not . supporters knew that " experts " : is trump talk fascist ? 
rt " trump is a fascist . and that's not a term i use loosely or often . but he's earned it , " … 
rt one fascism expert : " i'm not saying trump is hitler , but ... condoning violence against those who oppose you ... " … 
why some say talk is 
why some conservatives say donald trump's talk is fascist - 
cnn goes there , incl . quote from historian of vichy robert paxton : 
rt mainstream wankers have decided to label trump a fascist , as if his followers give a shit . it's why they support him htt … 
i find it telling that while historians might not call fascist , they also say it's understandable 
rt " scholars of fascists ... say , however , that trump does display some of the key characteristics of a fascist . " … 
" fascisim " " oligarchy " the only difference is who's calling the shots . 
donald trump has been called lots of things — now a new label is surfacing : fascism -- his simplistic answers qualify 
rt first time i've seen someone openly making brownshirts comparison to trump encouraging violence against protesters … 
is the msm waking up to the fact that resembles his fascist forefathers ? 
words fascism & populism sometimes go hand in hand bc lines are kinda blurry . agree with most of whats said in this 
donald trump has been called lots of things — now a new label , from conservatives no less , is surfacing : fascist ! 
can do one thing no recent politician has done -- unite conservatives and liberals ( to oppose him ) 
rt cnn fascism piece is why press creation of muslim registry issue and trump decision not to knock down so important . https://… 
rt warning : cnn tries to brand trump fascist while shilling for democratic socialist party ! classic misdirection !!! https://… 
uh oh . trump is starting to earn a new label . 
donald trump has has a new nickname . hello the real donald 
is a fascist per some conservatives . 
a new label emerges for trump 
something like cnn's main story today : 

. on refugees , balance compassion and safety via 
paul ryan : on refugees , balance , safety , compassion 
paul ryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety 
paul ryan : on balancing safety and compassion 
on balance compassion and safety 
rt new op-ed by on " on refugees , balance compassion and safety " 
there are credible persons in syria to vouch for each one ? >> paul ryan : on refugees , balance compassion & safety 
ryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety i hope this is not a smoke screen 2 pacify concerned americans 
rt . cnn op-ed : " on refugees , balance safety , compassion " 
rt house speaker says america can balance compassion and safety w/ refugees : … 
house passed american safe act . background check 
. speakerryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety vi … 
rt essay by - balance security & compassion in addressing 


acting on tip , police search for suspect salah abdeslam in nw germany . 
new suspect in paris attacks 
unidentified suicide bomber may have attacked paris restaurants , official says . . 
paris attacks : alleged ringleader targeted financial district , prosecutor says 
rt acting on tip , search for in htt … 
france strikes down on coran followers alleged ringleader targeted financial district , prosecutor says 
new suspect in paris ; ringleader's 2nd attack thwarted , official says 
paris ' ringleader ' targeted financial district 
paris alleged ringleader targeted !!! come host n lets discuss on ! 

rt two arrests ( so far ) of suspects in last night's shootings : 
2 arrested in shooting near jamar clark protest ... 
rt minneapolis police arrest a man in connection with shootings near monday's protests . 
updated 23 minutes ago - no mention of release of the hispanic . still looking for others . 
second man arrested in connection with shootings near minneapolis protest site . 
rt 5 shot near jamar clark protest 
2 held in shooting at police protest 
no words .... 
rt 5 people shot near jamar clark protest site . 
2 arrested for shooting near minneapolis black lives matter protest 
not surprised by those white supremacists but why is the hispanic man shooting @ the protesters ? 

turkey-syria border : russian warplane crashes - 
photos of the downed jet 
photos of crash 
😸 russian navy grapples with russian threats to undersea cables - navytimes 😸 😿 


markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane 
rt markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane 
markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane via uil team should follow this story ! 
markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane november 24 - cnnmoney 
markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane - cnnmoney 
markets retreat after shoots down warplane : via 
breaking news ! dip after shoots down via 
turkish markets dip after shooting-down of russian warplane via 
markets dip after russian warplane downed 
markets dip after shoots down russian warplane via 
markets retreat after shoots down warplane : via … 

i don't care if you ever see this , you are a stupid , obnoxious , petty piece of shit . 
edited video overlays clinton laughing onto images of benghazi wreckage 
trump video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage 
. video shows laughing over benghazi wreckage 
trump video shows clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 
donald trump video shows hillary clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 
rt ok donald , this is irresponsible . video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage … 

top story : info & news cnngo see more 
top story : cnngo see more 
rt ewrmadrid top story : ewrmadrid practice cnngo see more 
top story : practice cnngo see more 
top story : try1 cnngo see more 
discussing it on 
cnngo you can watch the charleston episode on cnngo … :) 
. does not represent islam ... those type of stereotypes are counterproductive . live : 

u2 will ' put on our best ' for rescheduled paris concert 
u2 back in paris the first weekend of december -- hbo concert rescheduled for dec . 7 : 

no . 2 believed banished by 
north korea's no . 2 banished by kim jong un ? 
no . 2 to north korea's has vanished , but likely just getting re-educated instead of killed . 
leader kim jong-un purges another party leader ; his second in command . … 
oh , choe ryong hae , not like this : 
north korea's no . 2 believed banished why wont someone take this dictator down , n . korea is worthless 
asking questions about disappeared people ... no point in that . 

in iowa , little breathing room for gop bottom-dwellers 
the view from iowa : only the four frontrunners can actually win . the folks working pizza ranch circuit ? got no shot . 
also new : our state of the race from iowa , where it's the national phenomena , not the iowa workhorses , who can win . 
in iowa , there is little breathing room for some of the gop field via 
harlan , iowa ( cnn ) - 10 weeks to go until the gop race here is barreling toward a four-way jumble ... 

ted cruz , on the attack 
. is on the attack via 
cruz begins to split with trump , rubio , carson . but the big q : what exactly is he waiting for to draw real contrast ? 
the 2016 spotlight is turning to the junior senator from texas ... my colleague ' s story : 
new , from west des moines -- ted cruz , who refused to touch contrast with a stick , now finds himself in crosshairs . 

. is " preying on people's deep-seated fears " 
bush said activists would never be attacked at one of his events . 
bush : trump is ' preying on people's deep-seated fears ' - 
bush says trump is ' preying on people's deep-seated fears ' ; our country is too good for this . 
legit props to jeb bush though here on his answer re : black lives matter . 

is racism on the rise ? more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 
well duh . it doesn't take a genius or a poll to know that racism has been and continues to be a very big problem : 
is race still an issue in america ? tune into tonight 11pmet 
rt 49% of americans say racism is a “ big problem , ” according to new cnn/kaiser family foundation poll . … 
is racism on the rise ? no . poverty and single parent families are , and the growing need for tribal-like communities 
rt . asks " is racism on the rise ? " and then doesn't bother to ask asian americans . … 
rt poll says that roughly half of americans believe is " a big problem " today . and water is wet . … 
racism is a ' big problem ' to more americans , poll finds - 
a big problem in u.s. 
gee . i wonder why ... // more in u.s. say racism is a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 
tonight at 10:00 est on cnn : race&reality . 49% of us residents believe racism is a big problem 
amir check this news out and do share it with your wife 
america going backwards . failure at the top - 
is racism on the rise ? more americans say it's a ' big problem ' 
49% of americans say racism is a ' big problem ' 
is racism on the rise ? more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' poll finds leadership on display . 
racism on the rise in u.s , ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll plz choose another country 
racism is " a big problem " in the u.s. says a poll . 
more in u.s. say racism is a ' big problem ' . i guess that depends on what you call racism 
rt americans who say racism is a big problem 2011 28% 2015 49% 
could " racism " be the wrong word ? " is racism on the rise ? more in us say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds " 
roughly half of all americans -- 49% -- say racism is a " big problem " in society today , according to a nationwide 
did they really need to conduct a poll to tell us this ? 😱 
in 2011 , 28% of americans felt that racism was a big problem . now that number is 49% . 
racism a problem in the usa would the stats be similar in canada ? 
is racism on the rise ? let's talk about and why it matters here is a snippet via 
is racism on the rise ? more in us say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds - cnn international 
49% of americans says is a " big problem " in our society . we need more and acceptance of ... 
race/racism -- more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 

how one cut her by $ 20,000 via 
how one grad cut her student loan debt by $ 20,000 
grad cuts her student loan debt by $ 20,000 . 
rt thinking about refinancing your student loan ? you should be . here's how one grad saved $ 20,000 ! v … 
thinking about refinancing your student loan ? you should be . here's how one grad saved $ 20,000 ! via 

police release video of officer shooting 17-year-old laquan mcdonald in chicago : 
police release video of officer shooting teen 
dashcam video of teen's shooting death released 
video released of chicago police shooting as officer is charged w 1st deg murder ... one year later ! 
rt a chicago police officer has been charged with 1st-degree murder in the 2014 shooting death of laquan mcdonald . … 
officer who shot charged with murder 
this video is disturbing !! police release video of officer shooting teen 
chicago officer who shot laquan mcdonald charged with murder 
why is the video of the cold-blooded murder of laquan mcdonald just now being released ? heart-wrenching : 
chicago should be mad charges weren't filed until the city lost a lawsuit while trying to supress this video . 
chicago releases video of police shooting death of black teen : 
" the incident , the actions , and the video will be debated and discussed in the days ahead ... " 
law enforcement professionals know - time , distance , cover . an unfortunate outcome , officer should be held accountab … 
i am so fucking disgusted right now 
rt chicago releasing video of fatal shooting of black teen 
chicago police officer charged with murder 
chicago mayor calls for calm as police release video of officer murdering teen 
cop kills thug who refused to drop knife in chicago 
justice prevails !! 
i'm for the family of this young man too & justice for his death !! free america is a precious commodity ! 
chicago police release shooting video 
spike lee cnn 
really no defending this one . wow . 
breaking the law while black cannot be a death sentence . officer who shot l . mcdonald charged with murder 
video showing the shooting of released . officer charged with murder 
one can only feel sick that our children/adults get killed by a police officer under these circumstances and ... 
sad seeing someone hit but if one's walking down the street with an open knife in any other country that's game over . 
this video ... i just can't 
shot sixteen times . paid family 5.2 million , before got to see the tape and before the family filed a civil suit .... 
will chicago melt down tonight ? with officer who shot laquan mcdonald charged with murder 
will be as outraged at the other 2000+ murders in that city as they r about shooting ? 
rt police officer who shot charged with murder 
. " i believe this is a moment that can build bridges of understanding " 

. hits new lows 
donald trump's disturbing race war 
donald trump's ' disturbing racial rhetoric ' 
donald trump < go look at the art in his campaign hq slide show . wow . 
after slandering mexicans as drug dealers and rapists , and retweeting images of monkeys trying to cross the ... 
donald trump's disturbing racial rhetoric ( opinion ) - 
what's this about 
donald hits new lows 
rt donaldtrumphitsnewlows op ed is slanderous the protester didnt get beat up & trump never retw … 
donaldtrumphitsnewlows op ed is slanderous the protester didnt get beat up & trump never retweeted that image 
trump building constituency of white christians with his racial slurs ? speak against him white christians ... stand up 
if this man is elected president i am leaving the country . does he even think about what he says ? 
my cnn article on trump's racist rhetoric 
more lies from trump's filthy mouth . every time he opens his mouth he spews more hate and feces than anyone else ... 
you say trump has hit a new low ... but he's still in the lead . stop looking at him and look at us ! 
trump's supporters will be considered guilty by association . guilty of his disturbing racial rhetoric . 
does trump hope you have the same like the dutch : not allowed to ask a judge if a law is against constitution ? 
after this terrible piece re & his supporters -i'm wondering why rep debates would ever be on cnn😞 

paris to san francisco in less than an hour ? 
space tech meets aviation : the hypersonic revolution - 
paris to sf in 90 min ? 
spaceliner concept jet could fly at mach 25 - 
paris to s.f. in 90 minutes ? hypersonic travel may not be that far off . tech appears almost ready . stay tuned . 
whoooaaaaa ..... lunch in paris ... gulp 
this is so damn awesome ... 
$30 billion , 30 years = dreams come true 
can't wait for this revolutionary technology 
san francisco to paris in an hour ? space tech meets aviation 
london to sydney in 90 minutes ? 
london to melbourne in 90 minutes ? new concept jet would travel at over 30,000 kph 

captain lived and died with the sea 
el faro's captain lived and died with the sea 

from to this recreates cities entirely out of 
artist makes tiny cities out of paper - 
neat ! matsui created tokyo based on memories from her youth , growing up in the city during the 1980s . check out ... 
from new york to tokyo , this artist recreates cities entirely out of paper 
amazing miniature cities made of paper and glue - 
incredible : cities constructed entirely from ... 

can we avoid apocalypse ? 
rt nancy harris of on why need to be high on the agenda at … 
can we avoid climate ? 
why apocalypse depends on this 
rt can we avoid apocalypse ? by ( 1/2 ) https://… 
how to avoid climate apocalypse 
article includes commentary by joint program co-director john reilly 
cnn asks " can we avoid apocalypse ? " gfw expert nancy harris says " has to stop " 
excited : 7 days b4 have despite our past let's show we can all agree on our future ! 
rt the sooner we're able to wean ourselves off our dirty & dangerous addiction to fossil fuels , the better off we'll be … 
rt can we avoid apocalypse ? ( 2/2 ) https : … 
rev 7:3 - do you know what is expected of those sealed in the forehead ; the servants of the almighty father ... 
rt " try solar but my op-ed says " don't try it , research it ! " hype triumphs , … 
it should be 1.5 degrees 
rt can we avoid apocalypse ? … 
" but there is hope . in every presidential debate , republican nominees bemoan the lack of good american manufacturing … 
can we avoid apocalypse ? nancy harris : has to stop 
rt there's no one perfect climate target : just like there's no magic number of cigarettes we can smoke and still be ok . … 
perspectives on 

. and rapper a lethal combo via 
sanders and rapper killer mike a ' lethal ' combo 
. berniesanders and rapper killermike a lethal combo via gre … 
. and make a " lethal " combo via 
" i'm talking about a revolutionary , " the hip hop star and activist told supporters . " in my heart of hearts , i ... 
rapper killer mike amazing endorsement of sen. bernie sanders 

you can’t bring back the genie . blackphone vows to keep its ultra-private phone out of terrorists ’ hands . 
blackphone vows to keep its ultra-private phone out of terrorists ' hands november 24 - cnnmoney 
blackphone vows to keep its ultra-private phone out of terrorists ' hands - cnnmoney 
blackphone : we'll keep phone out of terrorists ' hands 
blackphone vows to keep its ultra-private phone out of terrorists ' hands via 
" vows " is too strong a word for controlling where tech ends up ... blackphone vows to keep its phone ... 

tune in tonight at 9p et for a from - targeting terror : inside the intelligence war 
tune in tonight at 9p et for a cnnspecreport from jimsciutto - targeting terror : inside the intelligence war 
notice : tune in tonight at 9p et for a cnnspecreport from jimsciutto - targeti … 
( via ) cnn : tune in tonight at 9p et for a cnnspecreport from jimsciutto - targeting terr … 

the future of 
in the wake of the paris attacks , took portraits of young people across the city : 
like this little glimpse of the faces of paris young people . 
in the wake of the paris attacks , took portraits of people across the city : 
" because they represent life . " portraits of the future -- the youth of 
" it was the youth of france who were targeted simply because they represent life , " french president francois ... 

tv net ratings would be 22% lower if they didn't have the nfl . the value of live sports . 
here's what network tv ratings would look like without the 
here's what network tv ratings would look like without the nfl via 
what network tv ratings would look like without nfl 
here's what network ratings would look like without the 
here's what tv ratings would look like without the nfl via is live tv . you can't skip past ads 
q : what was most watched tv show ever among women ? a : super bowl 49 - the value of the nfl for network tv 
rt here's what network tv ratings would look like without the 

we have a sick culture in america . arrests in death of pastors wife . they were on crime spree . don't blame poverty . 
do they have the death penalty in indiana ? suspects arrested in the murder of the pastor's wife . 
do t forget the pastors pregnant wife murdered in indianapolis . 
pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests in pregnant wife's murder 
rt police arrest man in connection with murder of pregnant pastor's wife . 
. so use spot-metering . 
amanda blackburn news : 
" today i am deciding to love , not hate . " 
indiana amanda blackburn killing arrest - 
pastor chooses ' love not hate ' after wife's killing 
two arrested in death of pastor's wife amanda blackburn 
controversy ? amanda blackburn murdered . 
where is the outrage , protests , and signs for ? 
when the media gonna fawn over this husbands ability to forgive ? 
man arrested in pastor's wife murder case - 
- there is real evil in this world , and these soulless , disgusting monsters prove it . 
men arrested in pastor's wife killing 
" choosing to let my emotions drive my decisions is recipe for a hopeless and fruitless life . " 
cnn has them shown here . think obama will comment on this case ? don't hold your breath ... 
imagine if the races were reversed pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests pregnant wife's murder 
no punishment on earth will be as bad as when these two get to hell . 
white lives matter as much as any other life . killing is killing our blood flows the same . respect to this ... 


the tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor 
profile of up on via braddock's first craft gets a shoutout ! 
mayor john sat down with to talk about this race , and what " winds his clock . " check it out : 
tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor via 
rt tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor via htt … 
sharing this article on again . pay attention to him for a senate seat in pa in 2016 . 
the tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor the world needs more people like john . 
here's a good man i've never met but would like to ! another guy that makes trump look like chump ! 
tattooed pa mayor makes senate run 
if you don't know him you should . 
rt here's my profile of john fetterman — the 6'8 " tattooed mayor who's running for senate . … 
i genuinely like john fetterman , and i think he's got a real shot in a general . check him out , pa dems . 
tattooed mayor makes senate bid 
this man is running for senate , and seems interesting . 
great article about and what he's doing for 
the tattoos are not the most interesting thing about in braddock , pennsylvania . 
i am a cynic , w/ all the doubts for our current system but i read this & the cynicism turns into a smile , maybe hope 
let us know when you run , i would like to donate to your campaign . 
cnn politics profile on john fetterman , d for senate : 
in the spirit of political longshot successes : tattoos aren't the most interesting thing about this senate candidate 
the tattoos aren't the most interesting thing about - profile 
i wanted to know what tattoos have to do with him running for the senate . worth a read . 
the tattoos get attention , but story goes deeper with this pgh-area mayor running for us senate : via 
great story via for a monday morning ! 
great story !!! i will trade my mayor for him !! 

cnn : russian plane violated turkey airspace 10 times ... warned ... pilot ejected . 
new footage shows warplane crashing in syria 
shows jet crashing 
new footage shows warplane crashing in syria - cnn video - 
rt syria just got more complicated : new footage shows warplane crashing in syria 
putin calls plane's downing by turkey ' stab in the back ' one of the world's most volatile regions was roiled ... 
rt clancyreports : cnn : russian plane violated turkey airspace 10 times ... warned ... pilot ejected . 

trump : ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 - 
rt . claimed monday he watched people jump out of twin towers on 9/11 from his apartment 4 miles away : https://… 
very bad taste , trump . some of these were my friends : ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 
" i see jumpers from my house , katie " 
rt donald trump lol 
now this is silly : questioning whether actually saw people jump from wtc during 9-11 
imperfect 9/11 truth is still 100% true ! 
will every supporter who called out hillary and brian williams be outraged at this story ? probably not . 
" dr. carson does not stand behind the statement attributed to him . " no , not just attributed . he fucking said it . 
trump can't help himself from lying : ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 
donald trump imagines he saw still more things that he couldn't possibly have ever seen ... 
you can't lie about this sort of thing . so disrespectful 
lying about a tragedy to get sympathy support , i'm baffled he has a following at all 
' either another fib or he has best eyesight in world . 
is never going to stop lying to the american people about trump : ' many people jumped and i witnessed on 9/11 
rt donald trump claims ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 
the known fascist is now seeing and hearing things that doesn't exist . 
trump doubles down on 9/11 claims 
doubles down on 9/11 comments 
trump keeps doing well despite/because of his outrageous statements . expecting him to stop is kidding yourself . 
many people . me : 43rd floor . no one would like it . he is right about that . ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' 

create new strain of 
scientists create malaria-blocking mosquito 
scientists create new strain of mosquito 305.932.5557 
great piece of news at last ... 
scientist use to create mosquitoes that block transmission of 
genetically modified mosquito to prevent malaria . 
building an anti-malaria mosquito . dangerous new step against horrible disease 
would love to see this go to market . 
i'm concerned with giving an evolutionary-type advantage to malaria blocking mosquito to replace current ones . 
could this mosquito wipe out malaria for good ? 
malaria is the single most deadly disease preventing real development in poor tropical areas . 


swimming with 5 giants of the ocean 
swimming with the underwater big 5 
cnn - beasts of the deep : swimming with the big 5 - 
swimming with the alternative big 5 
travel news : 

muslim marine's response to donald trump goes viral 
donald trump and the likes of him should be disqualified from running for office . unconstitutional ideas have no ... 

rt pew : americans have never been this angry . anger is good . anger is necessary . only through anger comes change . https://… 
poll : here's how angry the gop is 
. taps into deep republican anger at government 
rt . taps into deep republican anger at government 
overwhelming majority of americans ( 72% of democrats & 89% of republicans ) don't trust da gummint 
so dems are content with status quo in/out of u.s. ? it's just republicans who recognize downward spiral for america ? 
taps into deep anger at govt . how is that new news ? unlike who might actually vote4 him😯 
poll shows how angry the gop is at government 
will makeamericagreatagain 
leftist anti-gov't ( anti-cop ) terrorism is ongoing in us cities yet & of publish this . 
this is no longer funny . or totally hillarious . either way u guys may end up with potus trump 
america is pretty & the is just waking up 2 the depth of that 
these numbers are stunning but not surprising . the republican party created these people , coddled and encouraged ... 
rt poll : here's how angry the gop is at government via 
poll : here's how angry the gop is : donald doesn't have to tap into anything . people are sick of lawyer speak & lies 
on a scale of 1-10 , how mad are you at our current government ? 
cnn released an article saying 74% receptive to a third party . go for it !! 
donald trump taps into deep gop anger at government - - ... 
pew poll : trump , rubio , cruz , carson tap into the deep republican anger at government 
89% reps & 72% dems don't govt wonder how much of this is fallout from revelations ? 

: # photos from the end of the earth 
these photos took 2 years to take 
takes you to the end of the earth : by 
11 of - the end of the earth 
check out these stunning images from a place less travelled , antarctica . 
seals are everywhere ... kind of like psp 
gorgeous photos from antarctic including penguins seals glaciers and much more 
gorgeous from including and much more 
> from the end of the earth ; photographer discusses new book blue ice 
great photo series of antarctica , " blue ice " : 

on the night patrol in mali - 
on the night patrol in the heart of 

belgium : end of border-free europe ' on the table ' 
end of border-free europe “ on the table , ” according to belgium’s un ambassador : 
belgian ambassador : end of border-free europe ' on the table ' 

what europe needs to solve the refugee crisis 
will europe choose to live in fear ? 
what europe needs to solve the human crisis - cnn international 
what europe really needs to solve the crisis , view by 
rt what europe really needs to solve the crisis , view by … 

