worldwide travel alert ... 
u.s. issues worldwide travel alert 
be safe ! 
probably safe to say they have solid reasons for doing this . keep your heads on a swivel travelers . 
travels alerts to who is travelling during the holiday season . 
well this is fun considering im going to paris and england in january 
more info 
let us help you and your teams to understand the situation and to be and secure domestic and international 
alright ..., if you must travel , please be careful .... 
o: we cannot & will not succumb to fear . nor can we allow fear to divide us . that’s how terrorists win 
state department issues worldwide 

ebola crisis : who slammed by harvard-convened panel over slow response 
health panel says world health organization mishandled ebola outbreak response . 
" ebola crisis : who slammed over poor response " 
ebola crisis : who slammed over slow response 
crisis : slammed by harvard-convened panel over slow response 
46 . public health : 2014 - 2015 ebola epidemic , harvard university : who slammed by harvard panel over slow response 
thanks sterling -- and here's the link to the coverage of our report : 
the report is in . who's greatest failure re : ebola was waiting too long to act . 
health panel says world health organization mishandled outbreak response , rpts : 

rt minneapolis police arrest a man in connection with shootings near monday's protests . 
second man arrested in connection with shootings near minneapolis protest site . 
rt 5 people shot near jamar clark protest site . 

rt paris terror attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep 
some terrorist changed his mind possibly ? 
possible suicide vest found 
" possible suicide vest found in paris suburb " - 
no sign of paris suspect in belgium raids as brussels remains under high alert - cnn 
paris attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep👉 
possible suicide vest found in garbage can . 
attacks isis from aircraft carrier , launches bid to build coalition : 
french launch attacks from carrier . possible suicide vest found 
finally a cowardly terrorist ! if only more terrorists where like salah abdeslam . 
it appears france has a new foreign policy for the muddle east that copies ours : bomb arabs . i suspect their ... 
isis hit by jets from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort 
france hits isis from aircraft carrier 
isis hit from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort france grew balls . allahu akbar ... 
france attacks isis from aircraft carrier - 

se nos viene la noche ! :( turkey downs russian warplane 
rt who's bombing in syria ? 
putin calls jet's downing ' stab in the back ' ; turkey says warning ignored 
rt turkish military says plane violated airspace ; they responded with f-16s . 
rt warplane crashes near turkey-syria border , according to semi-official turkish news agency . 
rt turkish military says russian warplane repeatedly violated airspace , ignored warnings . … 
rt turkey says it issued 10 warnings to the russian plane it claims to have shot down . … 
rt putin : downing of a " stab in the back , " will affect russia-turkey relations . … 
as if things are not yet bad . this new circumstance is what you call shit hits the fan ! 
putin calls jet's downing by ' stab in the back ' - 
sifting through the lies of a hijacked us gov . & allies bs trying 2 start ww3 fyi we would lose 2 
putin calls jet's downing by turkey ' stab in the back ' - .... turkey is a nato member 
turkey-syria border : russian plane downed - 
wow , this just got way more complicated . russia , keep violating borders , problems . russian jet shot down by turkey 
warplane crashes near syria-turkey border - 
turkey shoots down russian fighter jet ! ( in turkish airspace , but russia says syrian ) . air near syria is crowded . 
rt mt putin : avion derrivado es " punalada en la espalda " putin calls plane's downing by turkey ' stab in the back ' http … 
rt nato chief urges ' calm and de-escalation ' , sides with turkey ... 
pilot killed , plus russian marine in rescue try -- russian news agency 

mali hotel attack : president calls for unity 
mali hotel tack : president calls for unity to fight terror " 
gunmen shot ' anything that moved ' 
hotel attack : calls for unity to fight terror - 

isis claims responsibility for today's hotel bombing that killed at least 4 in egypt's sinai peninsula . 
isis claims responsibility in sinai hotel bombing that kills 4 
" contained . " " isis claims responsibility for todays hotel bombing that killed at least 4 in sinai peninsula . " 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( isis claims responsibility for today's hotel bombing that killed at least ... 

17 injured in new orleans shooting 
rt 16 people shot by thugs in new orleans in 1 nite and we r worried about isis ? go figure ! 
rt multiple people injured after shooting at new orleans park . 
rt gunmen open fire on crowd of hundreds in new orleans . i'm ok with calling it terrorism , are you ? 
- " stop shooting black people , you racist cops ! " - news : " 16 people shot at new orleans ... 
new orleans shooting many wounded - 
17 wounded in new orleans shooting , 5 in minnesota , and we're scared of syrian orphans ? the fuck , people . the fuck . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park 
as i remember it in the 1990s . how can so much joy and art and so much violence go together ? 
police no witnesses 17 injured in shootout park if black lives really matter then speak up you know who it was 
says only nation where this regularly happens . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park . in 
and ur gonna ask for a source so here you go why no ppl talk about this shit 
ya 17 blacks shot by blacks yeaterday at bunny park yet no mention on here why please explain 
why have you not mentioned the 17 blacks shotby other blks at bunny park ? doesnt fit ur narrative . 
lol did u react like this to the 17 black ppl shot at bunny park last night by other black ppl . 
are you also gonna hunt the guys that shot 17 black ppl at bunny park last night ? 
why dont u supposed supporters mention last nights massacre of blacks by blacks ? 
more 
are the black ppl who shot 17 other black ppl yesterday also terrorists . why dont u mention that ? 
why dont u pray for the 17 blacks shot in a park by other black ppl last night in new orleans ? 
black lives matter ... 
y no outrage and protests for 17 black ppl getting shot by other blacks 
why are u not mentioned the 17 black ppl shot in a park last night by other blk ppl 
16 injured in new orleans shooting 
thoughts and prayers to those affected in the new orleans shooting . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured god told you everyday this week until the dismember 
rt police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped … 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped this 
seventeen people were shot in new orleans in a crowded park . 
why worry about americans shoot at themselves . hundreds of witnesses , very few speak out . 
17 injured in park shooting in new orleans . 
how horrible ! 
if blacks reported criminals , america would be a completely different place . 
police seek witnesses after shootout at crowded park - someone knows something . come on !! 
" police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout " at bunny friend park " hundreds of witnesses " 😞 
if you see nothing , explain how you are not part of the problem . 
i love my hometown . stop the violence . 
rt shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in new orleans via 
breaking news that just occurred in louisiana 
what's up with 

rt acting on tip , police search for suspect salah abdeslam in nw germany . … 
unidentified suicide bomber may have attacked paris restaurants , official says . 

new suspect in paris attacks 
paris attacks : alleged ringleader targeted financial district , prosecutor says 
acting on tip , police search for suspect salah abdeslam in nw germany . 
unidentified suicide bomber may have attacked paris restaurants , official says . . 
lets see greco roman terrorist look . these skinny results of 1000yrs of inbreeding and alcoholism just dont cut it 
rt acting on tip , search for in htt … 
france strikes down on coran followers alleged ringleader targeted financial district , prosecutor says 
new suspect in paris ; ringleader's 2nd attack thwarted , official says 
paris ' ringleader ' targeted financial district 
paris alleged ringleader targeted !!! come host n lets discuss on ! 

rt pray for families & loved ones of the 4 crew members who died in a helicopter crash at fort hood yesterday . ht … 
rt 4 killed in yesterday's crash of a u.s. army helicopter during a training mission in texas , fort hood says . … 
fort hood helicopter crash leaves 4 dead - 
4 dead in u.s. army helicopter crash at fort hood 
4 dead in u.s. army helicopter crash at fort hood - cnn 
4 families are going to get a call none of us want 🇺🇸😞🙏🏻 4 dead in us army helicopter crash at fort hood 
4 dead in army copter crash 
ft . hood tragedy . please remember these families . rip soldiers 

top story : cnngo see more 
with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
rt with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
top story : with raymond cnngo see more 
top story : info & news cnngo see more 
rt ewrmadrid top story : ewrmadrid practice cnngo see more 
top story : practice cnngo see more 
top story : try1 cnngo see more 
discussing it on 
cnngo you can watch the charleston episode on cnngo … :) 
. does not represent islam ... those type of stereotypes are counterproductive . live : 

trump's gop rivals get ' equal time ' on nbc via 
nbc to give 4 gop candidates free ad time to compensate for time given to trump on ‘ snl . ’ 
result of donald on : trump's gop rivals get ' equal time ' ( free advertising time ) on nbc 
nbc will give john kasich , mike huckabee , james gilmore and lindsey graham ' equal time ' advertising next week . 
live from new york it's equal time ! 
nbc to give 4 gop candidates free ad time to compensate for time given to trump on ' snl . ' 
donald trump's gop rivals granted ' equal time ' on nbc 
trump's gop rivals get ' equal time ' on nbc november 23 
rt kasich , huckabee , graham & gilmore each get 12 minutes of cumulative nbc ad time in ia , nh , sc over fri & sat nights https : … 

. on protester : " maybe he should have been roughed up " 
hmmm , i guess 
rt . on protester : " maybe he should have been roughed up " … 
speaking of causing racial tension 
up until now i've largely refrained from making any comments or statements about trump as i didn't want to ... 
trump on protester : ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' - cnn 
in case you don't know what i'm referring to , here's what happened . 
rt protester at rally says he was called " monkey " & n-word : https://… 
rt trump : ' maybe he should have been roughed up'/ a candidate 4 prez shouldn't incite & condone violence of americans … 
this is what you're supporting when you support trump . no longer a joke . racism . violence . mob mentality . 
this got overlooked in the media , but at his alabama rally the donald declared , " this christmas season -- all ... 
watch the footage . think for yourself . don't vote for the next hitler . 
watch the footage . think for yourself . don't vote for donald trump . 
go away , trump . please . 
so , apparently trump thinks that people of color who dare to speak out against with should be " roughed up " : 
are people real going to vote for this clown ? smfh !!! 
this is what campaign represents more than anything else . he's the champion of a-holes everywhere 
trump : maybe protester deserved it 
trump supports beat up protestor in act of barbarism lynch mob 
stay classy , and by that i mean go take a long walk off a short pier . 
lynch mob of uncivilized barbarians ring leader is trump : ' maybe black man should have been roughed up ' 

7 dead after helicopter crashes in kashmir on way back from hindu shrine 
kashmir helicopter crash kills 7 
kashmir helicopter crash kills 7 - smh 😔 
7 dead in helicopter crash 

is racism on the rise ? more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 
this news is relevant : see ya'll after 7 . 
49% of americans say racism is a “ big problem , ” according to new cnn/kaiser family foundation poll . 
rt . asks " is racism on the rise ? " and then doesn't bother to ask asian americans . … 
poll : racism a big problem in us 
a big problem in u.s. 
is racism on the rise ? new poll suggests more ppl think racism is a problem in 2015 than they did in 2011 & 1995 : 
watch cnn tonight 10pm est : is on the rise ? more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 
can't believe cnn make charts like this .. it's terrible . ' cnn/kff poll finds 
great article explores complexities of racism in america today cnn/kff poll finds 
racism is a ' big problem ' to more americans , poll finds - - 
is racism on the rise ? no . look at the british class or indian caste systems , people should stop calling it racism 
gee . i wonder why ... // more in u.s. say racism is a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 
well duh . it doesn't take a genius or a poll to know that racism has been and continues to be a very big problem : 
is race still an issue in america ? tune into tonight 11pmet 
is racism on the rise ? no . poverty and single parent families are , and the growing need for tribal-like communities 
rt poll says that roughly half of americans believe is " a big problem " today . and water is wet . … 
tonight at 10:00 est on cnn : race&reality . 49% of us residents believe racism is a big problem 
amir check this news out and do share it with your wife 
america going backwards . failure at the top - 
is racism on the rise ? more americans say it's a ' big problem ' 
49% of americans say racism is a ' big problem ' 
is racism on the rise ? more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' poll finds leadership on display . 
racism on the rise in u.s , ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll plz choose another country 
racism is " a big problem " in the u.s. says a poll . 

rt a chicago police officer has been charged with 1st-degree murder in the 2014 shooting death of laquan mcdonald . … 
police release video of officer shooting laquan mcdonald - 
police release video of officer shooting teen 
no 3 inches actually .... & what does it matter ? still doesn't justify shooting someone 16 times 
speechless . 16 shots . 13 seconds . 
note , video released after reporter request : chicago protests as police release video of officer shooting teen 
dashcam video of teen's shooting death released 
chicago mayor calls for calm as police release video of officer shooting teen 
this is crazy af man 😤 spread awareness . this ain't right for a second ... 
still think we shd buy meals for every cop even child murderers like 
video released after chicago officer charged with murder - 
white americans fear terrorism from abroad ; black americans fear terrorism from what they cautiously call " home " . 
. keeping an eye on chicago protests over dash cam video showing black teen killed by white police officer . 
chicago police officer charged with murder - 
chicago mayor calls for [ righteous anger felt & heard around the world ] after video of cop killing innocent teen 
calls 4 calm ; police release killingteen . today 
dashcam video of teen's shooting is cop competing with isis ?? i am disappointed . i am shocked !! 
actions like this makes it hard to trust those who were sworn to protect us . a license to kill , that is what some ... 
rt chicago police officer who shot charged with murder 
terror of white police officers against blacks . terror has many colors . 
rt chicago releasing video of fatal shooting of black teen 
beacuse your life matters , protect it with the lethal means to ward off 3 grizzly bears . arm up !! 
more footage of young black teens being killed unarmed !!? like dam what happend to tazing someone acting wild or ... 
i'm glad they released the video . i guess all lives don't matter ? this is the reality of minorities in america . 
rt releasing video . leaders urge calm . by & … 
17yo white kid gets for j-walking . no , wait , he was black . mb video of officer shooting teen 
murderer charged . 

somali pirates seize iranian , thai ships - 
pirates seize ships 

rt chicago officials discuss video said to show police officer killing teen . watch cnngo : 
rt russia could be more helpful in stopping isis if it shifts focus of airstrikes , obama says . … 
rt isis must be destroyed , obama says in news conference with french president hollande . live : … 
rt chicago mayor rahm emanuel : as of today , jason van dyke is no longer being paid by the city of chicago . cnngo : … 
chicago police supt . garry mccarthy : we're here to release video [ of officer shooting teen ] . watch cnngo : 
rt chicago officials speaking now about officer charged with murder in shooting of laquan mcdonald . watch cnngo : … 
rt chicago police official : " people have a right to be angry , people have a right to protest . " watch cnngo : 
rt mayor rahm emanuel : " this episode can be a moment of understanding and learning . " watch cnngo : 

$21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says 
$21m hatton garden jewel biggest ' in english legal history , ' lawyer says - via $ 
$21m hatton garden jewel heist biggest ' in english legal history , ' lawyer says 
huge jewel heist makes history 
$21m jewel heist biggest ' in legal history , ' lawyer says 
jewel heist so big it makes history 
rt $21 million hatton garden heist " the largest burglary in english legal history . " or garden varie … 
" $21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says " did you see this ? 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( $21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says ... 
rt largest jewel heist in england goes to trial . youngest member of the gang ? 42 . ( ht 
$21m hatton garden jewel heist biggest ' in english legal history .... straight out of a james bond film .. 
$21 million hatton garden heist " the largest burglary in english legal history . " or garden variety cybercrime 

hagel : focus on isis , not assad 
former defense secretary hagel : focus on not assad 
former secretary of defense hagel : insisting assad must go puts us at risk of confusing its allies and adversaries 
ex-defense secretary chuck hagel says the united states should focus on isis before syria's president assad 
hagel was always one of the better ones 
scary : ex- secdef says is part of answer to problem , not a cause of problem . 
former secdef hagel : build partnerships and focus on isis first , assad later - 
as russia mass-murders sunnis in syria , us policy begins to fragment . 
even former sec def hagel agrees its not wise to topple focus should be 100% on 
unite round the common interest & defeat these barbaric focus on not 
if we continue to fight assad we will just be fighting the russians instead !! 
chuck hagel says to focus on isis not assad 
chuck hagel tells that calling for assad to go is confusing to our allies and adversaries : 

pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests in pregnant wife's murder 
we have a sick culture in america . arrests in death of pastors wife . they were on crime spree . don't blame poverty . 
do they have the death penalty in indiana ? suspects arrested in the murder of the pastor's wife . 
do t forget the pastors pregnant wife murdered in indianapolis . 
rt police arrest man in connection with murder of pregnant pastor's wife . 
. so use spot-metering . 
amanda blackburn news : 
" today i am deciding to love , not hate . " 
indiana amanda blackburn killing arrest - 
pastor chooses ' love not hate ' after wife's killing 
two arrested in death of pastor's wife amanda blackburn 
controversy ? amanda blackburn murdered . 
where is the outrage , protests , and signs for ? 
when the media gonna fawn over this husbands ability to forgive ? 
man arrested in pastor's wife murder case - 
- there is real evil in this world , and these soulless , disgusting monsters prove it . 
men arrested in pastor's wife killing 
" choosing to let my emotions drive my decisions is recipe for a hopeless and fruitless life . " 
cnn has them shown here . think obama will comment on this case ? don't hold your breath ... 
imagine if the races were reversed pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests pregnant wife's murder 
no punishment on earth will be as bad as when these two get to hell . 
white lives matter as much as any other life . killing is killing our blood flows the same . respect to this ... 

canada to resettle 25,000 syrian refugees within three months . 

police : 7 afghan children killed after playing with rocket 
police : rocket tip explodes while afghan children play with it , kills 7 . 
police : 7 afghan children killed playing with rocket - 
kids , no playing with the rocket tip please ... wtf ? police : rocket tip explodes while afghan children play with ... 

rt minneapolis police arrest a man in connection with shootings near monday's protests . 
second man arrested in connection with shootings near minneapolis protest site . 
rt 5 shot near jamar clark protest 
rt two arrests ( so far ) of suspects in last night's shootings : 
2 arrested in shooting near jamar clark protest ... 
updated 23 minutes ago - no mention of release of the hispanic . still looking for others . 
2 held in shooting at police protest 
no words .... 
rt 5 people shot near jamar clark protest site . 
2 arrested for shooting near minneapolis black lives matter protest 
not surprised by those white supremacists but why is the hispanic man shooting @ the protesters ? 

officials : u.s. airstrike in afghanistan mistakenly targeted hospital instead of nearby taliban site . 

authorities carry out raids in belgium leading to the arrests of 16 people . " 
brussels remains under highest terror alert amid warning of ' imminent threat ' # 
multiple raids in brussels as police seek isis terrorists 
16 arrested in anti-terror raids 
belgian police arrest 16 , but isis ringleader still on the run 

