. department issues worldwide travel alert 
stay safe guys 
franklin graham turkey shot down a russian warplane near the border of syria as it was on a mission to bomb isis ... 
franklin graham turkey shot down a russian warplane near the border of syria as it was on a mission to bomb isis ... 
worldwide travel alert issued by us state dept .. 
u.s. issues worldwide travel alert 
warning : exercise vigilance when in public places , be aware of surroundings & avoid large crowds 
the state department has issued a worldwide travel alert warning americans of terror attacks 
issues worldwide for citizens . 
the issues a worldwide travel alert via 
rt us state dept issues worldwide travel alert … 
state department issues worldwide alert 
the statedept issues a worldwide travel alert via ericbradn … 
rt . issues a worldwide travel alert via 

5 people shot near jamar clark protest site 
5 shot near jamar clark protest 
all we know so far that and the video . i'm white so i have to anom so i don't get fired for havin an opinon 
new : minneapolis police : 5 shot near protest site 
terrible . 
rt 5 protesters shot by white supremacists near jamar clark protest site in minneapolis ! … 
this is straight nonsense ! 
another responsible gunowner exercises his second amendment rights . five innocents pay the price . 

hagel : focus on isis , not assad 
former defense secretary hagel : focus on not assad 
former secretary of defense hagel : insisting assad must go puts us at risk of confusing its allies and adversaries 
ex-defense secretary chuck hagel says the united states should focus on isis before syria's president assad 
hagel was always one of the better ones 
scary : ex- secdef says is part of answer to problem , not a cause of problem . 
former secdef hagel : build partnerships and focus on isis first , assad later - 
as russia mass-murders sunnis in syria , us policy begins to fragment . 
even former sec def hagel agrees its not wise to topple focus should be 100% on 
unite round the common interest & defeat these barbaric focus on not 
if we continue to fight assad we will just be fighting the russians instead !! 
chuck hagel says to focus on isis not assad 
chuck hagel tells that calling for assad to go is confusing to our allies and adversaries : 

rt warplane crashes near turkey-syria border , according to semi-official turkish news agency . 
putin calls plane's downing by turkey ' stab in the back ' 
rt putin : downing of a " stab in the back , " will affect russia-turkey relations . … 
rt turkey says it issued 10 warnings to the russian plane it claims to have shot down . … 
north atlantic council calls emergency meeting after downing of russian plane by turkey . 
bravo , your vacuum of leadership & weakness of purpose has nato on the brink of war with russia . 
russian jet shot down by turkey ; putin calls it a ' stab in the back ' 
rt turkish military says plane violated airspace ; they responded with f-16s . 
rt turkish military says russian warplane repeatedly violated airspace , ignored warnings . … 
ready to become an expat , so ready . sweden or netherlands stat ! 
isis shoots down a plane : 224 killed . putin silent . turkey shoots down a jet who bombs rebels . putin furious . 
russian president vladimir putin called the downing of the russian plane a " stab in the back that will have ... 
turkey looking for some serious trouble with the russians , heads up america and nato 
phoenix devine what you have to say now ??????????? 
rt putin : downing of a " stab in the back , " will affect russia-turkey relations . https :/ … 
rt warplane downed ; says aircraft violated airspace near border 
rt russian jet shot down 

texas seeks delay in immigration case at supreme court . 

rare occurrence ? you bet . trump's gop rivals get ' equal time ' on nbc via 
nbc to give 4 gop candidates free ad time to compensate for time given to trump on ' snl . ' 
nbc to give 4 gop candidates free ad time to compensate for time given to trump on ‘ snl . ’ 
donald trump's gop rivals granted ' equal time ' on nbc 
trump's gop rivals get ' equal time ' on nbc november 23 
rt kasich , huckabee , graham & gilmore each get 12 minutes of cumulative nbc ad time in ia , nh , sc over fri & sat nights https : … 

isis claims responsibility for today's hotel bombing that killed at least 4 in egypt's sinai peninsula . 
isis claims responsibility in sinai hotel bombing that kills 4 
rt isis claims responsibility for bombing at hotel in el-arish , sinai that kills 4 
rt wilyat , unsurprisingly , confirms responsibility for attack which left 4 dead at hotel reports cnn https … 
rt bombs explode outside 
rt claims responsibility for today's hotel bombing that killed at least 4 in egypt's peninsula . … 
isis claims responsibility for today's hotel bombing that killed at least 4 in egypt's sinai peninsula . via 

police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park 
as i remember it in the 1990s . how can so much joy and art and so much violence go together ? 
police no witnesses 17 injured in shootout park if black lives really matter then speak up you know who it was 
rt multiple people injured after shooting at new orleans park . 
17 injured in new orleans shooting 
says only nation where this regularly happens . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park . in 
and ur gonna ask for a source so here you go why no ppl talk about this shit 
ya 17 blacks shot by blacks yeaterday at bunny park yet no mention on here why please explain 
why have you not mentioned the 17 blacks shotby other blks at bunny park ? doesnt fit ur narrative . 
lol did u react like this to the 17 black ppl shot at bunny park last night by other black ppl . 
are you also gonna hunt the guys that shot 17 black ppl at bunny park last night ? 
why dont u supposed supporters mention last nights massacre of blacks by blacks ? 
more 
are the black ppl who shot 17 other black ppl yesterday also terrorists . why dont u mention that ? 
why dont u pray for the 17 blacks shot in a park by other black ppl last night in new orleans ? 
black lives matter ... 
y no outrage and protests for 17 black ppl getting shot by other blacks 
why are u not mentioned the 17 black ppl shot in a park last night by other blk ppl 
16 injured in new orleans shooting 
thoughts and prayers to those affected in the new orleans shooting . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured god told you everyday this week until the dismember 
rt police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped … 
rt 16 people shot by thugs in new orleans in 1 nite and we r worried about isis ? go figure ! 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped this 
seventeen people were shot in new orleans in a crowded park . 
why worry about americans shoot at themselves . hundreds of witnesses , very few speak out . 
17 injured in park shooting in new orleans . 
how horrible ! 
if blacks reported criminals , america would be a completely different place . 
police seek witnesses after shootout at crowded park - someone knows something . come on !! 
" police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout " at bunny friend park " hundreds of witnesses " 😞 
if you see nothing , explain how you are not part of the problem . 
i love my hometown . stop the violence . 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in new orleans 
breaking news that just occurred in louisiana 
what's up with 
why are mass shooting becoming so popular ? 16 dead at a music video shoot . 
shooting in new orleans leaves many injured 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in 😔 

rt 4 killed in yesterday's crash of a u.s. army helicopter during a training mission in texas , fort hood says . … 
rt pray for families & loved ones of the 4 crew members who died in a helicopter crash at fort hood yesterday . ht … 
4 dead in u.s. army helicopter crash at fort hood 
my heart goes out to the families of the crew members- & the entire & community . 

. 9/11 claim widely disputed . 

. on protester : " maybe he should have been roughed up " 
rt protester at rally says he was called " monkey " & n-word : https://… 
rt trump : ' maybe he should have been roughed up'/ a candidate 4 prez shouldn't incite & condone violence of americans … 
this is what you're supporting when you support trump . no longer a joke . racism . violence . mob mentality . 
this got overlooked in the media , but at his alabama rally the donald declared , " this christmas season -- all ... 
rt . on protester : " maybe he should have been roughed up " … 
watch the footage . think for yourself . don't vote for the next hitler . 
watch the footage . think for yourself . don't vote for donald trump . 
go away , trump . please . 
so , apparently trump thinks that people of color who dare to speak out against with should be " roughed up " : 
are people real going to vote for this clown ? smfh !!! 
this is what campaign represents more than anything else . he's the champion of a-holes everywhere 
trump : maybe protester deserved it 
trump supports beat up protestor in act of barbarism lynch mob 
stay classy , and by that i mean go take a long walk off a short pier . 
lynch mob of uncivilized barbarians ring leader is trump : ' maybe black man should have been roughed up ' 
i was feeling trump but he lost me with that one 
rt the of & his supporters isn't one i want to live in . disgusting behavior https : … 
rt donald trump on black lives matter protester : ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' 
rt the story behind this video , in the protester's own words --> … 

7 dead after helicopter crashes in kashmir on way back from hindu shrine 
kashmir helicopter crash kills 7 
kashmir helicopter crash kills 7 - smh 😔 
7 dead in helicopter crash 

rt 49% of americans say racism is a “ big problem , ” according to new cnn/kaiser family foundation poll . … 
is racism on the rise ? 
49% can see racism is a big problem in america , 51% still unaware 
the other 51% are in denial . 49% of americans say racism is a “ big problem , ” according to new cnn/kff poll . " 
is racism on the rise ? fuck yeah it is a very big problem some things just don't change in the united states 
how will these statics affect your biz ? contact our team today , 
49% of americans say racism is a ' big problem ' 
says aapi have no opinion on racism . cnn/kff poll finds 
rt is on the rise . more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , " racism has never . ever been worse than it is today … 
cnn : neither experience nor have an opinion about it . ugh . talk about erasure . 
. story on racism in america -- why not poll asian americans ? 
more in u.s. say racism is a ' big problem , ' cnn poll finds -i say it's a bigger issue , not problem 
rt mt is racism on rise ? kaiser ff and cnn poll a complicated portrait . more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' … 
you can blame our polarizing president for this . 
i really do believe the arc of history does point toward justice . the extreme and vicious backlash is from ... 
it's everywhere in america starting from a to universities to the street it's alive that why black lives matter 
racism is a ' big problem ' to more americans , poll finds - 
you can thank our first race baiting president for this statistic . 
poll : racism a big problem in u.s. 
rt ' racism is a " big problem " in cnn-kff poll finds . 
49% of americans think racism is a big problem . and what planet do the other 51% live on ? 
this article says that racism became more covert . i see it resurfacing . 
wowza ! almost half of all americans think racism is a " big problem , " which is more than usual 

amanda blackburn news : 
" today i am deciding to love , not hate . " 
pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests in pregnant wife's murder 
indiana amanda blackburn killing arrest - 
pastor chooses ' love not hate ' after wife's killing 
rt police arrest man in connection with murder of pregnant pastor's wife . 
two arrested in death of pastor's wife amanda blackburn 
controversy ? amanda blackburn murdered . 
where is the outrage , protests , and signs for ? 
when the media gonna fawn over this husbands ability to forgive ? 
man arrested in pastor's wife murder case - 
- there is real evil in this world , and these soulless , disgusting monsters prove it . 
we have a sick culture in america . arrests in death of pastors wife . they were on crime spree . don't blame poverty . 
men arrested in pastor's wife killing 
" choosing to let my emotions drive my decisions is recipe for a hopeless and fruitless life . " 
cnn has them shown here . think obama will comment on this case ? don't hold your breath ... 
imagine if the races were reversed pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests pregnant wife's murder 
no punishment on earth will be as bad as when these two get to hell . 
white lives matter as much as any other life . killing is killing our blood flows the same . respect to this ... 
if you believe in see this 

$21m hatton garden jewel heist biggest ' in english legal history , ' lawyer says 
$21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says 
huge jewel heist makes history 
$21m jewel heist biggest ' in legal history , ' lawyer says 
jewel heist so big it makes history 
rt $21 million hatton garden heist " the largest burglary in english legal history . " or garden varie … 
" $21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says " did you see this ? 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( $21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says ... 
rt largest jewel heist in england goes to trial . youngest member of the gang ? 42 . ( ht 
$21m hatton garden jewel heist biggest ' in english legal history .... straight out of a james bond film .. 
$21 million hatton garden heist " the largest burglary in english legal history . " or garden variety cybercrime 

possible suicide vest found 
rt paris terror attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep 
no sign of paris suspect in belgium raids as brussels remains under high alert - cnn 
paris attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep👉 
paris attacks : possible suicide vest found - - 
possible suicide vest found in garbage can . 
from aircraft carrier , launches bid to build coalition - 
french launch attacks from carrier . possible suicide vest found 
finally a cowardly terrorist ! if only more terrorists where like salah abdeslam . 
it appears france has a new foreign policy for the muddle east that copies ours : bomb arabs . i suspect their ... 
isis hit by jets from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort 
france hits isis from aircraft carrier 
isis hit from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort france grew balls . allahu akbar ... 
france attacks isis from aircraft carrier - 

somali pirates seize iranian , thai ships - 
pirates seize ships 

acting on tip , police search for suspect salah abdeslam in nw germany . 
some subways closed ; possible suicide vest analyzed 
rt acting on tip , police search for suspect salah abdeslam in nw germany . https://… 
acting on tip , police search for paris attacks suspect salah abdeslam in nw germany . 

authorities carry out raids in belgium leading to the arrests of 16 people . " 
brussels remains under highest terror alert amid warning of ' imminent threat ' # 
multiple raids in brussels as police seek isis terrorists 
16 arrested in anti-terror raids 
belgian police arrest 16 , but isis ringleader still on the run 

health panel says world health organization mishandled ebola outbreak response . 
ebola crisis : who slammed by harvard-convened panel over slow response 
" ebola crisis : who slammed over poor response " 
ebola crisis : who slammed over slow response 
crisis : slammed by harvard-convened panel over slow response 
46 . public health : 2014 - 2015 ebola epidemic , harvard university : who slammed by harvard panel over slow response 
thanks sterling -- and here's the link to the coverage of our report : 
the report is in . who's greatest failure re : ebola was waiting too long to act . 
health panel says world health organization mishandled outbreak response , rpts : 
who slammed on delayed response - 

mali hotel attack : president calls for unity 
mali hotel tack : president calls for unity to fight terror " 
gunmen shot ' anything that moved ' 
hotel attack : calls for unity to fight terror - 

