
$21m hatton garden jewel heist biggest ' in english legal history , ' lawyer says 
$21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says 
huge jewel heist makes history 
$21m jewel heist biggest ' in legal history , ' lawyer says 
jewel heist so big it makes history 
rt $21 million hatton garden heist " the largest burglary in english legal history . " or garden varie … 
" $21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says " did you see this ? 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( $21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says ... 
rt largest jewel heist in england goes to trial . youngest member of the gang ? 42 . ( ht 
$21m hatton garden jewel heist biggest ' in english legal history .... straight out of a james bond film .. 
$21 million hatton garden heist " the largest burglary in english legal history . " or garden variety cybercrime 












rt protester at rally says he was called " monkey " & n-word : https://… 
. on protester : " maybe he should have been roughed up " 
rt . on protester : " maybe he should have been roughed up " … 
watch the footage . think for yourself . don't vote for the next hitler . 
watch the footage . think for yourself . don't vote for donald trump . 
go away , trump . please . 
so , apparently trump thinks that people of color who dare to speak out against with should be " roughed up " : 
are people real going to vote for this clown ? smfh !!! 
this is what campaign represents more than anything else . he's the champion of a-holes everywhere 
trump : maybe protester deserved it 
trump supports beat up protestor in act of barbarism lynch mob 
stay classy , and by that i mean go take a long walk off a short pier . 
lynch mob of uncivilized barbarians ring leader is trump : ' maybe black man should have been roughed up ' 
i was feeling trump but he lost me with that one 
rt the of & his supporters isn't one i want to live in . disgusting behavior https : … 
rt donald trump on black lives matter protester : ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' 
rt the story behind this video , in the protester's own words --> … 
black lives matter protester describes violent confrontation at trump event - 
rt the fascist officially condones violence , as did hitler against the jews . … 
presidents represent all the people , not your chosen few . 
so inappropriate . poor leadership skills . excels in crudeness , ignorance . my opinion 




