



rt paris terror attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep 
some terrorist changed his mind possibly ? 
possible suicide vest found 
" possible suicide vest found in paris suburb " - 
no sign of paris suspect in belgium raids as brussels remains under high alert - cnn 
paris attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep👉 
possible suicide vest found in garbage can . 
attacks isis from aircraft carrier , launches bid to build coalition : 
french launch attacks from carrier . possible suicide vest found 
finally a cowardly terrorist ! if only more terrorists where like salah abdeslam . 
it appears france has a new foreign policy for the muddle east that copies ours : bomb arabs . i suspect their ... 
isis hit by jets from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort 
france hits isis from aircraft carrier 
isis hit from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort france grew balls . allahu akbar ... 
france attacks isis from aircraft carrier - 

oil crash sparks opec revolt 
oil crash sparks opec revolt against saudis november 23 - cnnmoney 
oil crash sparks opec revolt against saudis via 
icymi : the revolt inside of opec and how it got so divided . by 
rt icymi : the revolt inside of opec and how it got so divided . by … 
this analysis of what's happening among oil producers has all the ingredients of a fantastic epic fantasy novel . 
there's growing anger at saudi arabia for keeping oil prices low . opec's next mtg is dec 4 . via 
but i thought we could not drill our way to cheaper gas , right , president smartest man alive ?... 
rt lingering crash sparks revolt against … 
who struggles with a strong dollar ? via 
opec squabbles could bring oil prices even lower . shortfinancial.ca 
" opec has never been more divided , " said fadel gheit , an oppenheimer analyst via 
this is why your gas was so cheap today , and why clean energy will become less of a priority without legislation 
the chickens have come come to roost 
build the pipeline , drill oil wherever , just make us independent from middle east oil 
once again , us has asserted itself on the global economy . now for the crippling blow of leading 
president obama is bringing opec to its knees . 
imf : things are about to get worse for the middle east via 
good writeup on intra-opec squabbles 
oil crash sparks revolt against saudis 

first on cnn : cruz buys ads on snapchat for thanksgiving football 
first on cnn : buys ads on for thanksgiving football game attendees 
coming to college football via snapchat - 
communist news network : cruz buys ads on snapchat for thanksgiving football cruz'n to victory 
first on cnn : ted cruz buys ads on snapchat for thanksgiving football 
heading to a sec football game on saturday ? if so , check out the ads on ( via 


' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow debate 
jon snow lives !! 
' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow d # royalsleadseries 
' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow dead or alive debate 
' thrones ' ad fuels jon snow debate 
jon snow .. king of the white walkers ! or .. just take your pick from all the other wishful thinkers . 
is jon snow dead ? 
i have no idea if jon snow will be alive , dead , or undead next season , but the book never actually says he died . 
" what is dead may never die , " right ? poster fuels jon snow debate . 
john snow lives ! 
he's back . ' you know nothing jon snow ' via 
is still alive ? 

in light of today's boomletpalooza , read on increasingly in the arena of r-on-r violence : 
ted cruz , on the attack 
. is on the attack via 
cruz begins to split with trump , rubio , carson . but the big q : what exactly is he waiting for to draw real contrast ? 
the 2016 spotlight is turning to the junior senator from texas ... my colleague ' s story : 
new , from west des moines -- ted cruz , who refused to touch contrast with a stick , now finds himself in crosshairs . 


the nypd boosts its number of detectives tracking terror leads via & 
nypd boosts detectives to track terror leads 
ny state police launch " see something , send something " smartphone app for sending " photos of suspicious activity " 
nypd boosts # of detectives in its leads unit to investigate suspicious activity . 




family of ' clock boy ' seeks $15m 
rt family of ' clock boy ' seeks $15m 
wow lol 
u.s. ' clock boy ' seeks $15m and apology 
- he isnt a dummy - officials got played - americans don't seek to bankrupt our own home town schools over feelings . 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city 
he had my sympathy and now my outright contempt ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million 
boy ' mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from city 
' clock boy's ' family seeks $15 million , apology 
' clock boy ' seeks $15m and apology ! " a way to get rich " ! of course the school took precautions ! what if ... 
wow . i need to do this , i could use the cash . ok , so if i build a questionable device , and scare people , i can go ... 
$15m ?! what a world we live in . get a job you bum . ' clock boy ' seeks $15 million 
' clock boy'mohamed's family seeks $15 million from texas city . judge should sanction the lawyer for being an idiot 
child ' s " reputation in the global community is permanently scarred " ? should sue his father and then cnn . 
family of ' clock boy ' seeks $15m carefully planned ! let's see if o makes the sb cave . 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed seeks $15 million , apologies - - 
cool scam , ahmed . 
rt interrupting idol talk for real talk : family , let it gooooo , your kid is practically a superstar , not … 
interrupting idol talk for real talk : family , let it gooooo , your kid is practically a superstar , not global trash 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million & apology from texas city : 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from tx city 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million . i think they meant ' cock boy ' anything for a pay day :/ 
ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city . report something suspicious and get sued ? wtf ?? 
is family entitled to this ? 
sad to know this happened to this young man , but 15 million ?? this is part of the reason america is broke 
rt " if you see something say something " can get you sued . 
texas ' clock boy ' seeks $15 million from city 
' clock boy ' it looked like a bomb , sorry . walk it off it ! it was a very understandable error 
u.s. ' clock boy ' seeking $15 million 
now that the buzz ran out , time for the money ! ahmed to sue state for $15 million . 
extortion money for radicals . 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million ridiculous . if they win money should go to muslim group 
shocker of the year . . . . never let a good money grab opportunity go to waste . 

prez putin calls jet's downing by turkey ' stab in the back'! dog 
putin calls jet's downing ' stab in the back ' ; turkey says warning ignored 
rt who's bombing in syria ? 
are we nearing don’t fool yourself ! it could happen ! has proved to be a pretty effective catalyst ! 
rt turkish military says russian warplane repeatedly violated airspace , ignored warnings . … 
rt russian jet shot down 
rt putin : downing of a " stab in the back , " will affect russia-turkey relations . … 
se nos viene la noche ! :( turkey downs russian warplane 
rt turkish military says plane violated airspace ; they responded with f-16s . 
rt warplane crashes near turkey-syria border , according to semi-official turkish news agency . 
rt turkey says it issued 10 warnings to the russian plane it claims to have shot down . … 
as if things are not yet bad . this new circumstance is what you call shit hits the fan ! 
sifting through the lies of a hijacked us gov . & allies bs trying 2 start ww3 fyi we would lose 2 
putin calls jet's downing by turkey ' stab in the back ' - .... turkey is a nato member 
turkey-syria border : russian plane downed - 
wow , this just got way more complicated . russia , keep violating borders , problems . russian jet shot down by turkey 
warplane crashes near syria-turkey border - 
turkey shoots down russian fighter jet ! ( in turkish airspace , but russia says syrian ) . air near syria is crowded . 
rt mt putin : avion derrivado es " punalada en la espalda " putin calls plane's downing by turkey ' stab in the back ' http … 
rt nato chief urges ' calm and de-escalation ' , sides with turkey ... 






new hampshire's ballot commission allows to run as democrat 
new hampshire ballot commission allows sanders to run as democrat 
sanders , trump ( and basically everyone else ) pass sniff test for nh ballot access . 


jeff bezos ' rocket lands safely after space flight 
jeff bezos ' rocket lands safely after space flight , creates history . 
travel news : 
bezos to cnn reporter asking " is he right ? " of musk's comments , " no , he's not " replies bezos 
cnn reporter asks about elon musk dissing blue orgins rocket " is he right ? " " no , he's not , " says bezos 
this is pretty crazy , 
and we more interested in returning national awards n reducing population on india by sending someone out form here😊 
move over space-x , this start-up just launched - and landed - a reusable space rocket upright . i kid you not : 
things that keep us going to are always good ! 
giant multinational corporations already own the world financial system . now they want to own space . to see where ... 
this is amazing , great work ! cmon elon , you need to get moving ! 
huge win from the team at blue origin ! great work and team ! 
" i think of our competition primarily as earth's gravity " - jeff bezos on blue origins - 
persistence in action : 
welp . 
this just rocks ! wow ! 
jeff bezos ' rocket ship traveled 100 kilometers into outer space landing upright upon its return to earth . 
y'all , soon we're going to be able to buy our first trip to space on amazon . i can't wait . 
wow -- this is a game changer ! 
never saw this happen before . 
we have another new player in the space tourism business ... 

another gotcha goes up in smoke , cnn . carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution 
carson flubs jefferson's role in the constitution 
updates carson/jefferson story to mention letters jefferson wrote and bill of rights 
updates carson/jefferson story to mention letters and bill of rights 
updates carson/jefferson story to mention the letters jefferson wrote and the bill of rights with 
. flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution via 
rt cnnpolitics : . realbencarson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution vi … 
rt carson flubs jefferson's role in the constitution 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution dr ben is a dangerousperson not pres material 
so , no comment from the media on obama and the 57 states . 
carson flubs thomas jefferson oh dear god this man is such an idiot ! every time he opens his mouth 
might think muslims can't be president but i don't think we should allow people who don't know history 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution - cnn 

cheers ! ad nods to his bartender father via 
cheers ! marco rubio ad nods to bartender father 
cheers ! marcorubio ad nods to his bartender father via talk … 
really do not appreciate so much the almost rehearsed-nature of telling family stories that serve as inspiration . 
cheers ! rubio ad nods to bartender father - cnn 
. nods to his bartender father in latest ad via 
rubio spotlights bartender father in new biographical spot to air in early states : 

17 injured in new orleans shooting 
rt 16 people shot by thugs in new orleans in 1 nite and we r worried about isis ? go figure ! 
rt multiple people injured after shooting at new orleans park . 
rt gunmen open fire on crowd of hundreds in new orleans . i'm ok with calling it terrorism , are you ? 
- " stop shooting black people , you racist cops ! " - news : " 16 people shot at new orleans ... 
new orleans shooting many wounded - 
17 wounded in new orleans shooting , 5 in minnesota , and we're scared of syrian orphans ? the fuck , people . the fuck . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park 
as i remember it in the 1990s . how can so much joy and art and so much violence go together ? 
police no witnesses 17 injured in shootout park if black lives really matter then speak up you know who it was 
says only nation where this regularly happens . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park . in 
and ur gonna ask for a source so here you go why no ppl talk about this shit 
ya 17 blacks shot by blacks yeaterday at bunny park yet no mention on here why please explain 
why have you not mentioned the 17 blacks shotby other blks at bunny park ? doesnt fit ur narrative . 
lol did u react like this to the 17 black ppl shot at bunny park last night by other black ppl . 
are you also gonna hunt the guys that shot 17 black ppl at bunny park last night ? 
why dont u supposed supporters mention last nights massacre of blacks by blacks ? 
more 
are the black ppl who shot 17 other black ppl yesterday also terrorists . why dont u mention that ? 
why dont u pray for the 17 blacks shot in a park by other black ppl last night in new orleans ? 
black lives matter ... 
y no outrage and protests for 17 black ppl getting shot by other blacks 
why are u not mentioned the 17 black ppl shot in a park last night by other blk ppl 
16 injured in new orleans shooting 
thoughts and prayers to those affected in the new orleans shooting . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured god told you everyday this week until the dismember 
rt police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped … 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped this 
seventeen people were shot in new orleans in a crowded park . 
why worry about americans shoot at themselves . hundreds of witnesses , very few speak out . 
17 injured in park shooting in new orleans . 
how horrible ! 
if blacks reported criminals , america would be a completely different place . 
police seek witnesses after shootout at crowded park - someone knows something . come on !! 
" police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout " at bunny friend park " hundreds of witnesses " 😞 
if you see nothing , explain how you are not part of the problem . 
i love my hometown . stop the violence . 
rt shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in new orleans via 
breaking news that just occurred in louisiana 
what's up with 

5 things you need to know about russian jet shot down by turkey 
5 things about russian jet shot down by turkey but still i wonder why won't obama let france go nato 
5 things you need to know about russian jet shot down by turkey read : russian copter gets shot down as well 😂 
5 things you need to know about shot down by 
syria becomes more complicated . 
5 things to know about russian jet shot down by turkey 
5 things you need to know about jet shot down by 
the correct headline should read : " turkey attacks russia-how stupid can turkey be ? " 
5 things to know about downed russian jet 
5 things to know about turkey downed a russian war jet 
russian president vladimir putin says the downing of the jet is a " a stab in the back by the terrorists ' ... 




suspect arrested in new orleans shooting caught on video 
suspect arrested in new orleans shooting on video 
god is real . 
great ! congrats to new orleans p.d. for the quick arrest . 👍 
arrest in shooting caught on video 
i can't believe this poor black boy was arrested ! he dindu nuffin wrong ! 
the lesson in this story is that if you intervene , you must use maximum force to control the situation . 
remind me again why it's wrong to put down animals like this . suspect arrested in new orleans shooting 
dramatic video shows hero , peter gold , 25 , tulane univ . med-student being shot by thug in new orleans . gold survived 
check this out : 
this young man is a hero . he probably saved this woman's life . you rock 
video : robber's gun jams after shooting victim/good samaritan . 
there is a god . 

obama : turkey has the right to defend itself - 
rt . on downing of russian jet : turkey has the right to defend its airspace … 
is known as a recruitment gate in to is will to protect ! 
rt . & i agree removing assad from power is best way to bring peace to syria https : … 
rt new twist on the annual " obama pardons turkey " story 
rt . russia is welcome to be part of the coalition but propping up assad is a problem https://… 
rt getting the feeling that if turkey had shot down an f-15 of ours obama would say " that's ok , we deserved it . " … 
obama defends turkey 
rt obama : turkey has right to defend itself & its airspace total bs - turkey knew they h … 
rt hussein obama : muslim turkey has the right to defend itself and its airspace 
rt . declares at a press conference with that isis " cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed " … 
obama : turkey has right to defend itself & its airspace total bs - turkey knew they had o's tacit ok 
of course he would ! turkey has facilitated the growth of isis . it makes perfect sense that he would back them . 
obama refers as " moderate opposition " to anti-assad fighters who shouted " allahu akbar " after killing russian ... 
rt i'm sure will pardon turkey officially " new twist on the annual " obama pardons turkey " story http … 

e . coli infections linked to chicken salad 
e . coli infections linked to costco chicken salad 
e . coli linked to costco chicken salad . 
$cost down after hours & looks to continue to be bearish on e-coli scare recently $cmg went down 10% too 
e . coli linked to costco servings 
yoooooooooooo pay attention 
e . coli infections in co , mt , ut & wa linked to costco chicken salad 
make your own damn chicken salad . 
e . coli infections linked to salad 
rt benphilipson1 e . coli infections linked to salad 
chicken salad from costco linked to e . coli . but $cost didn't tank like $cmg did . chipotle bouncing back by the way . 
in 4 states e . coli infections have been linked to costco chicken salad 
buyers beware . e . coli linked to chicken salad 
e . coli linked to servings 


a new label emerges for trump 
rt trump behavior that raises red flags for fascism scholars : ethnic stereotyping ; condoning violence ; bullying media … 
why some conservatives say talk is 
cnn , which has pumped up trump's candidacy for months , now pondering whether he's a fascist ( he is , btw ) 
why some conservatives say trump talk is fascist | 
why some conservatives say donald trump's talk is fascist - 
rt i'd love for all these gopers denouncing trump as a fascist specifically disavow his fascist policies . … 
why some jew world order enthusiasts say trump talk is fascist 
he is dangerous . 
rt cnn on trump fascism piece an important development in race , growing out of muslim registry brouhaha . 
prominent affiliates of the bush , rubio and cruz campaigns call trump a fascist . jim gilmore agrees . 
why some say talk is fascist 
like it , lump it , the gop occupies the party it built . when they turned their back on lincoln it was all downhill . 
rt one fascism expert : " i'm not saying trump is hitler , but ... condoning violence against those who oppose you ... " … 
rt cnn fascism piece is why press creation of muslim registry issue and trump decision not to knock down so important . https://… 
rt mainstream wankers have decided to label trump a fascist , as if his followers give a shit . it's why they support him htt … 
i'm not a liberal , but i thought you were an expert on hitler ? will keep blindly defending you . 
how sad we must look to other countries when he is leading major national polls and talks like a fascist dictator . 
disciples of mammon speak ! why gop establishment smears trump with " fascist " 
rt is a fascist per some conservatives . ht … 
what do you know ? maybe our media will finally wake up ! okay , probably not :( 
rt is trump a fascist ? digs into the details via 
rt say what you will about the tenets of national socialism , at least it's an ethos 
rt first time i've seen someone openly making brownshirts comparison to trump encouraging violence against protesters … 
rt strong piece on the new word being used for trump - fascist 

paul ryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety 
. on refugees , balance compassion and safety via 
paul ryan : on refugees , balance , safety , compassion 
paul ryan : on balancing safety and compassion 
on balance compassion and safety 
rt new op-ed by on " on refugees , balance compassion and safety " 
there are credible persons in syria to vouch for each one ? >> paul ryan : on refugees , balance compassion & safety 
ryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety i hope this is not a smoke screen 2 pacify concerned americans 
rt . cnn op-ed : " on refugees , balance safety , compassion " 
rt house speaker says america can balance compassion and safety w/ refugees : … 
house passed american safe act . background check 
. speakerryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety vi … 
rt essay by - balance security & compassion in addressing 


obama's medal of freedom honorees 
watching this video was like getting a history lesson ... extraordinary people .... loved the story about the ... 
barbra streisand , steven spielberg & yogi berra among 17 medal of freedom honorees 

paris attacks : alleged ringleader targeted financial district , prosecutor says 
unidentified suicide bomber may have attacked paris restaurants , official says . . 
unidentified suicide bomber may have attacked paris restaurants , official says . shared via tweetcaster 
new suspect in paris attacks 
acting on tip , police search for suspect salah abdeslam in nw germany . 
lets see greco roman terrorist look . these skinny results of 1000yrs of inbreeding and alcoholism just dont cut it 
rt acting on tip , search for in htt … 
france strikes down on coran followers alleged ringleader targeted financial district , prosecutor says 
new suspect in paris ; ringleader's 2nd attack thwarted , official says 
paris ' ringleader ' targeted financial district 
paris alleged ringleader targeted !!! come host n lets discuss on ! 

rt minneapolis police arrest a man in connection with shootings near monday's protests . 
second man arrested in connection with shootings near minneapolis protest site . 
rt 5 shot near jamar clark protest 
rt two arrests ( so far ) of suspects in last night's shootings : 
2 arrested in shooting near jamar clark protest ... 
updated 23 minutes ago - no mention of release of the hispanic . still looking for others . 
2 held in shooting at police protest 
no words .... 
rt 5 people shot near jamar clark protest site . 
2 arrested for shooting near minneapolis black lives matter protest 
not surprised by those white supremacists but why is the hispanic man shooting @ the protesters ? 


texas seeks delay in obama immigration case at supreme court 
texas seeks delay in immigration case at supreme 
texas seeks delay in scotus immigration case - 
texas seeks a delay in obama administration's immigration case at via 
texas seeks a delay in the obama administration's immigration case at 
rt just in : will hear immigration case this term ? maybe not : 
texas seeks delay in obama supreme court immigration case in bid to run out clock on this white house 
texas attorney general , ken paxton , requests a 30-day extension to file a reply brief to on case 
texas playing politics , seeks delay in obama immigration case at 
yday texas + 25 states said they needed more time to file immigration brief doj said it would oppose delay : 
rt texas seeks a delay in the obama administration's immigration case at … 
texas seeks in case at supreme court 
seeks delay in case at supreme court - cnn 

markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane 
rt markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane 
markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane via uil team should follow this story ! 
markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane november 24 - cnnmoney 
markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane - cnnmoney 
markets retreat after shoots down warplane : via 
breaking news ! dip after shoots down via 
turkish markets dip after shooting-down of russian warplane via 
markets dip after russian warplane downed 
markets dip after shoots down russian warplane via 
markets retreat after shoots down warplane : via … 

carson walks back support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim ..... 
bigots , racists , arrogant a holes ... for u.s. president ... pathetic , and yet media is so sluggish to call their ... 
donald trump's 9/11 celebration claim widely disputed - 
rt . 9/11 claim widely disputed . 
. walks back on his support for disputed 9/11 claim 
except for own reporting - carson walks back support for trump's 9/11 celebration clm 
that's a lie ! 
nyt’s doesn’t recall anyone saying “ thousands , or even hundreds " celebrated 9/11 : 
no surprise about this . trump is a pathological liar . 
rt trumps claim about celebrations for 9/11 attacks is nonsense . election 2016 = if it sounds true , good enough . … 
literally check cnn and any other major news outlet . example : 
another example of trying 2 lose elections so he can make political deals do rem 5 dancing israelis 
first thought this story was about those shitty fox news broadcasts that were widely discredited as pakistani cric … 
carson apologizes , but trump repeats disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
nothing will change . his poll numbers will jump 30 pts & he'll further lock in the ignorant , racist cracker vote . 
pants on fire ! honesty ? none ! no support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
rt carson camp walks back support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
trump's 9/11 claim widely disputed 

i don't care if you ever see this , you are a stupid , obnoxious , petty piece of shit . 
edited video overlays clinton laughing onto images of benghazi wreckage 
trump video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage 
. video shows laughing over benghazi wreckage 
trump video shows clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 
donald trump video shows hillary clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 
rt ok donald , this is irresponsible . video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage … 

top story : cnngo see more 
with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
rt with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
top story : with raymond cnngo see more 
top story : info & news cnngo see more 
rt ewrmadrid top story : ewrmadrid practice cnngo see more 
top story : practice cnngo see more 
top story : try1 cnngo see more 
discussing it on 
cnngo you can watch the charleston episode on cnngo … :) 
. does not represent islam ... those type of stereotypes are counterproductive . live : 

u2 will ' put on our best ' for rescheduled paris concert 
u2 back in paris the first weekend of december -- hbo concert rescheduled for dec . 7 : 

he escaped ' the beast ' of 
why i stay in baltimore 
rt he escaped ' the beast ' of 
a compelling portrait . from squeegee boy to college professor , d . watkins escaped ' the beast ' of 
great article on the inner city .... and going on to success .... enjoy 
cool article . 
great feature on on check it out here - ' the beast side ' is available now 
escaped ' the beast ' of baltimore 

no . 2 believed banished by 
north korea's no . 2 banished by kim jong un ? 
no . 2 to north korea's has vanished , but likely just getting re-educated instead of killed . 
leader kim jong-un purges another party leader ; his second in command . … 
oh , choe ryong hae , not like this : 
north korea's no . 2 believed banished why wont someone take this dictator down , n . korea is worthless 
asking questions about disappeared people ... no point in that . 

in iowa , little breathing room for gop bottom-dwellers 
the view from iowa : only the four frontrunners can actually win . the folks working pizza ranch circuit ? got no shot . 
also new : our state of the race from iowa , where it's the national phenomena , not the iowa workhorses , who can win . 
in iowa , there is little breathing room for some of the gop field via 
harlan , iowa ( cnn ) - 10 weeks to go until the gop race here is barreling toward a four-way jumble ... 





rt a chicago police officer has been charged with 1st-degree murder in the 2014 shooting death of laquan mcdonald . … 
let the riots and thievery commence ... 
police release video of officer shooting teen 
rt chicago releasing video of fatal shooting of black teen 
dashcam video of teen's shooting death released 
police release video of officer shooting laquan mcdonald - 
no 3 inches actually .... & what does it matter ? still doesn't justify shooting someone 16 times 
speechless . 16 shots . 13 seconds . 
note , video released after reporter request : chicago protests as police release video of officer shooting teen 
chicago mayor calls for calm as police release video of officer shooting teen 
this is crazy af man 😤 spread awareness . this ain't right for a second ... 
still think we shd buy meals for every cop even child murderers like 
video released after chicago officer charged with murder - 
white americans fear terrorism from abroad ; black americans fear terrorism from what they cautiously call " home " . 
. keeping an eye on chicago protests over dash cam video showing black teen killed by white police officer . 
chicago police officer charged with murder - 
chicago mayor calls for [ righteous anger felt & heard around the world ] after video of cop killing innocent teen 
calls 4 calm ; police release killingteen . today 
dashcam video of teen's shooting is cop competing with isis ?? i am disappointed . i am shocked !! 
actions like this makes it hard to trust those who were sworn to protect us . a license to kill , that is what some ... 
rt chicago police officer who shot charged with murder 
terror of white police officers against blacks . terror has many colors . 
beacuse your life matters , protect it with the lethal means to ward off 3 grizzly bears . arm up !! 
more footage of young black teens being killed unarmed !!? like dam what happend to tazing someone acting wild or ... 
i'm glad they released the video . i guess all lives don't matter ? this is the reality of minorities in america . 
rt releasing video . leaders urge calm . by & … 
protesters take to streets after video is released in case 

. hits new lows 
donald trump's disturbing race war 
donald trump's ' disturbing racial rhetoric ' 
donald trump < go look at the art in his campaign hq slide show . wow . 
after slandering mexicans as drug dealers and rapists , and retweeting images of monkeys trying to cross the ... 
donald trump's disturbing racial rhetoric ( opinion ) - 
what's this about 
donald hits new lows 
rt donaldtrumphitsnewlows op ed is slanderous the protester didnt get beat up & trump never retw … 
donaldtrumphitsnewlows op ed is slanderous the protester didnt get beat up & trump never retweeted that image 
trump building constituency of white christians with his racial slurs ? speak against him white christians ... stand up 
if this man is elected president i am leaving the country . does he even think about what he says ? 
my cnn article on trump's racist rhetoric 
more lies from trump's filthy mouth . every time he opens his mouth he spews more hate and feces than anyone else ... 
you say trump has hit a new low ... but he's still in the lead . stop looking at him and look at us ! 
trump's supporters will be considered guilty by association . guilty of his disturbing racial rhetoric . 
does trump hope you have the same like the dutch : not allowed to ask a judge if a law is against constitution ? 
after this terrible piece re & his supporters -i'm wondering why rep debates would ever be on cnn😞 


captain lived and died with the sea 
el faro's captain lived and died with the sea 




you can’t bring back the genie . blackphone vows to keep its ultra-private phone out of terrorists ’ hands . 
blackphone vows to keep its ultra-private phone out of terrorists ' hands november 24 - cnnmoney 
blackphone vows to keep its ultra-private phone out of terrorists ' hands - cnnmoney 
blackphone : we'll keep phone out of terrorists ' hands 
blackphone vows to keep its ultra-private phone out of terrorists ' hands via 
" vows " is too strong a word for controlling where tech ends up ... blackphone vows to keep its phone ... 

tune in tonight at 9p et for a from - targeting terror : inside the intelligence war 
tune in tonight at 9p et for a cnnspecreport from jimsciutto - targeting terror : inside the intelligence war 
notice : tune in tonight at 9p et for a cnnspecreport from jimsciutto - targeti … 
( via ) cnn : tune in tonight at 9p et for a cnnspecreport from jimsciutto - targeting terr … 

the future of 
in the wake of the paris attacks , took portraits of young people across the city : 
like this little glimpse of the faces of paris young people . 
in the wake of the paris attacks , took portraits of people across the city : 
" because they represent life . " portraits of the future -- the youth of 
" it was the youth of france who were targeted simply because they represent life , " french president francois ... 

here's what network tv ratings would look like without the 
here's what network tv ratings would look like without the nfl via 
tv net ratings would be 22% lower if they didn't have the nfl . the value of live sports . 
what network tv ratings would look like without nfl 
here's what network ratings would look like without the 
here's what tv ratings would look like without the nfl via is live tv . you can't skip past ads 
q : what was most watched tv show ever among women ? a : super bowl 49 - the value of the nfl for network tv 
rt here's what network tv ratings would look like without the 



trump : ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 - 
rt . claimed monday he watched people jump out of twin towers on 9/11 from his apartment 4 miles away : https://… 
very bad taste , trump . some of these were my friends : ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 
" i see jumpers from my house , katie " 
rt donald trump lol 
now this is silly : questioning whether actually saw people jump from wtc during 9-11 
imperfect 9/11 truth is still 100% true ! 
will every supporter who called out hillary and brian williams be outraged at this story ? probably not . 
" dr. carson does not stand behind the statement attributed to him . " no , not just attributed . he fucking said it . 
trump can't help himself from lying : ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 
donald trump imagines he saw still more things that he couldn't possibly have ever seen ... 
you can't lie about this sort of thing . so disrespectful 
lying about a tragedy to get sympathy support , i'm baffled he has a following at all 
' either another fib or he has best eyesight in world . 
is never going to stop lying to the american people about trump : ' many people jumped and i witnessed on 9/11 
rt donald trump claims ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 
the known fascist is now seeing and hearing things that doesn't exist . 
trump doubles down on 9/11 claims 
doubles down on 9/11 comments 
trump keeps doing well despite/because of his outrageous statements . expecting him to stop is kidding yourself . 
many people . me : 43rd floor . no one would like it . he is right about that . ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' 





your favorite brands are launching in 
your favorite brands are launching in africa november 24 - cnnmoney 
brands launching in africa november 24 - cnnmoney 
among co's to start businesses in 
your favorite brands are launching in africa ( hint : starbucks and krispy kreme ! ) 
africa isn't homogenous . potential yet risk . financial , political & infrastructure extremes . enter with eyes open . 
us's favorite brands are launching in africa via 
your favorite brands are launching in africa via 
your favorite brands are launching in africa - cnnmoney 
" within five years we could be in five or six countries in africa ... this is the hottest new market in the world . " 
would want to watch the trend in with krispy kreme and dunkins now launching in africa - cnn 
africa is becoming an emerging market for lots of american brands to enter via 

swimming with 5 giants of the ocean 
swimming with the underwater big 5 
cnn - beasts of the deep : swimming with the big 5 - 
swimming with the alternative big 5 
travel news : 



: # photos from the end of the earth 
these photos took 2 years to take 
takes you to the end of the earth : by 
11 of - the end of the earth 
check out these stunning images from a place less travelled , antarctica . 
seals are everywhere ... kind of like psp 
gorgeous photos from antarctic including penguins seals glaciers and much more 
gorgeous from including and much more 
> from the end of the earth ; photographer discusses new book blue ice 
great photo series of antarctica , " blue ice " : 


belgium : end of border-free europe ' on the table ' 
end of border-free europe “ on the table , ” according to belgium’s un ambassador : 
belgian ambassador : end of border-free europe ' on the table ' 


