more info 
state department issues worldwide 
u.s. issues worldwide travel alert 
rt worldwide travel warning ! to all my friends traveling ... report any suspicious activity . be safe everyone ! … 
let us help you and your teams to understand the situation and to be and secure domestic and international 
alright ..., if you must travel , please be careful .... 
o: we cannot & will not succumb to fear . nor can we allow fear to divide us . that’s how terrorists win 
rt state department issues worldwide 
rt u.s. issues worldwide travel alert 
rt us state dept issues worldwide travel alert … 
isis is contained , al qaida is neutralized , and islam is peaceful . must be fear mongers in the dos . obama the worst 
if you need this alert to be alert then your not alert . i'm all for non aggressive principle alert but you ... 
stay safe guys 
franklin graham turkey shot down a russian warplane near the border of syria as it was on a mission to bomb isis ... 
franklin graham turkey shot down a russian warplane near the border of syria as it was on a mission to bomb isis ... 
worldwide travel alert issued by us state dept .. 
warning : exercise vigilance when in public places , be aware of surroundings & avoid large crowds 

ebola crisis : who slammed by harvard-convened panel over slow response 
health panel says world health organization mishandled ebola outbreak response . 
" ebola crisis : who slammed over poor response " 
ebola crisis : who slammed over slow response 
crisis : slammed by harvard-convened panel over slow response 
46 . public health : 2014 - 2015 ebola epidemic , harvard university : who slammed by harvard panel over slow response 
thanks sterling -- and here's the link to the coverage of our report : 
the report is in . who's greatest failure re : ebola was waiting too long to act . 
health panel says world health organization mishandled outbreak response , rpts : 

some terrorist changed his mind possibly ? 
possible suicide vest found 
rt paris terror attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep 
" possible suicide vest found in paris suburb " - 
no sign of paris suspect in belgium raids as brussels remains under high alert - cnn 
paris attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep👉 
possible suicide vest found in garbage can . 
attacks isis from aircraft carrier , launches bid to build coalition : 
french launch attacks from carrier . possible suicide vest found 
finally a cowardly terrorist ! if only more terrorists where like salah abdeslam . 
it appears france has a new foreign policy for the muddle east that copies ours : bomb arabs . i suspect their ... 
isis hit by jets from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort 
france hits isis from aircraft carrier 
isis hit from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort france grew balls . allahu akbar ... 
france attacks isis from aircraft carrier - 

rt turkish military says plane violated airspace ; they responded with f-16s . 
rt turkish military says russian warplane repeatedly violated airspace , ignored warnings . … 
rt turkey says it issued 10 warnings to the russian plane it claims to have shot down . … 
russian pilots being shot at after ejecting from the jets turkey shot down ( video ) 
putin : downing of a " stab in the back , " will affect russia-turkey relations . 
russian jet shot down by turkey ; putin calls it a ' stab in the back ' 
putin calls plane's downing by turkey ' stab in the back ' 
rt warplane crashes near turkey-syria border , according to semi-official turkish news agency . 
another day , another step toward world war . 
it will be interesting to see how russian handles this ' stab in the back ' -- 
tis the season . " russian jet shot down by turkey " 
gg wildcard daily headline : cnn " russian jet shot down by turkey " full story @ 
despicable militants shooting at russian pilots parachuting - putin calls downing by turkey ' stab in the back ' 
" as the russians fell to the ground , syrians ( we assume ) shot them from the ground .... let's watch this video . " 
putin : turkey's downing of russian warplane is ' stab in the back ' 

mali hotel attack : president calls for unity 
mali hotel tack : president calls for unity to fight terror " 
gunmen shot ' anything that moved ' 
hotel attack : calls for unity to fight terror - 

" contained . " " isis claims responsibility for todays hotel bombing that killed at least 4 in sinai peninsula . " 
rt isis claims responsibility for today's hotel bombing that killed at least 4 in egypt's sinai peninsula . 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( isis claims responsibility for today's hotel bombing that killed at least ... 
rt isis claims responsibility for bombing at hotel in el-arish , sinai that kills 4 

rt multiple people injured after shooting at new orleans park . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park 
as i remember it in the 1990s . how can so much joy and art and so much violence go together ? 
police no witnesses 17 injured in shootout park if black lives really matter then speak up you know who it was 
17 injured in new orleans shooting 
says only nation where this regularly happens . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park . in 
and ur gonna ask for a source so here you go why no ppl talk about this shit 
ya 17 blacks shot by blacks yeaterday at bunny park yet no mention on here why please explain 
why have you not mentioned the 17 blacks shotby other blks at bunny park ? doesnt fit ur narrative . 
lol did u react like this to the 17 black ppl shot at bunny park last night by other black ppl . 
are you also gonna hunt the guys that shot 17 black ppl at bunny park last night ? 
why dont u supposed supporters mention last nights massacre of blacks by blacks ? 
more 
are the black ppl who shot 17 other black ppl yesterday also terrorists . why dont u mention that ? 
why dont u pray for the 17 blacks shot in a park by other black ppl last night in new orleans ? 
black lives matter ... 
y no outrage and protests for 17 black ppl getting shot by other blacks 
why are u not mentioned the 17 black ppl shot in a park last night by other blk ppl 
16 injured in new orleans shooting 
thoughts and prayers to those affected in the new orleans shooting . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured god told you everyday this week until the dismember 
rt police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped … 
rt 16 people shot by thugs in new orleans in 1 nite and we r worried about isis ? go figure ! 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped this 
seventeen people were shot in new orleans in a crowded park . 
why worry about americans shoot at themselves . hundreds of witnesses , very few speak out . 
17 injured in park shooting in new orleans . 
how horrible ! 
if blacks reported criminals , america would be a completely different place . 
police seek witnesses after shootout at crowded park - someone knows something . come on !! 
" police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout " at bunny friend park " hundreds of witnesses " 😞 
if you see nothing , explain how you are not part of the problem . 
i love my hometown . stop the violence . 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in new orleans 
breaking news that just occurred in louisiana 
what's up with 
why are mass shooting becoming so popular ? 16 dead at a music video shoot . 
shooting in new orleans leaves many injured 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in 😔 

acting on tip , search for in 
rt acting on tip , police search for suspect salah abdeslam in nw germany . … 
paris attacks : authorities issue alert for another suspect 
some subways closed ; possible suicide vest analyzed 
rt acting on tip , police search for suspect salah abdeslam in nw germany . https://… 
rt acting on tip , police search for paris attacks suspect salah abdeslam in nw germany . … 

" minneapolis police arrest a man in connection with shootings near monday's protests . " 
5 people shot near jamar clark protest site - 
unreal . sorry , isis , but we're already great at terrorizing our own people in the u.s. 
suspect arrested in shooting near jamar clark protest site in minneapolis 
rt 5 people shot near jamar clark protest site . 
5 people shot near protest site in minneapolis . police arrest 23yo man in connection w shootings 
5 shot near jamar clark protest 
suspect arrested in near jamar clark protest site in 
“ minneapolis police arrest a man in connection with shootings near monday's protests . ” 

top story : cnngo see more 
rt ewrmadrid top story : ewrmadrid practice cnngo see more 
top story : practice cnngo see more 
top story : try1 cnngo see more 
top story : info & news cnngo see more 
discussing it on 
cnngo you can watch the charleston episode on cnngo … :) 
. does not represent islam ... those type of stereotypes are counterproductive . live : 

trump's gop rivals get ' equal time ' on nbc via 
nbc to give 4 gop candidates free ad time to compensate for time given to trump on ‘ snl . ’ 
nbc will give john kasich , mike huckabee , james gilmore and lindsey graham ' equal time ' advertising next week . 
live from new york it's equal time ! 
nbc to give 4 gop candidates free ad time to compensate for time given to trump on ' snl . ' 
donald trump's gop rivals granted ' equal time ' on nbc 
trump's gop rivals get ' equal time ' on nbc november 23 
rt kasich , huckabee , graham & gilmore each get 12 minutes of cumulative nbc ad time in ia , nh , sc over fri & sat nights https : … 

. on protester : " maybe he should have been roughed up " 
rt protester at rally says he was called " monkey " & n-word : https://… 
rt trump : ' maybe he should have been roughed up'/ a candidate 4 prez shouldn't incite & condone violence of americans … 
this is what you're supporting when you support trump . no longer a joke . racism . violence . mob mentality . 
this got overlooked in the media , but at his alabama rally the donald declared , " this christmas season -- all ... 
rt . on protester : " maybe he should have been roughed up " … 
watch the footage . think for yourself . don't vote for the next hitler . 
watch the footage . think for yourself . don't vote for donald trump . 
go away , trump . please . 
so , apparently trump thinks that people of color who dare to speak out against with should be " roughed up " : 
are people real going to vote for this clown ? smfh !!! 
this is what campaign represents more than anything else . he's the champion of a-holes everywhere 
trump : maybe protester deserved it 
trump supports beat up protestor in act of barbarism lynch mob 
stay classy , and by that i mean go take a long walk off a short pier . 
lynch mob of uncivilized barbarians ring leader is trump : ' maybe black man should have been roughed up ' 
i was feeling trump but he lost me with that one 
rt the of & his supporters isn't one i want to live in . disgusting behavior https : … 
rt donald trump on black lives matter protester : ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' 

7 dead after helicopter crashes in kashmir on way back from hindu shrine 
kashmir helicopter crash kills 7 
kashmir helicopter crash kills 7 - smh 😔 
7 dead in helicopter crash 

rt 49% of americans say racism is a “ big problem , ” according to new cnn/kaiser family foundation poll . … 
poll : half of us say racism a big problem 
rt americans who say racism is a big problem 2011 28% 2015 49% 
is racism on the rise ? 
polling the obvious ? > is racism on the rise ? more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 
been thinking you really must to make a anthem . only you can do it . 
is racism on the rise ? with digital devices and social media i think it's more exposed 
according to a new survey , only a hair under half of americans think is a big problem here -- 
fuck no . really ? nah . couldn't be 
rt . story on racism in america -- why not poll asian americans ? … 
racism is a ' big problem ' to more americans , poll finds - - 
race in america 
new threat is ' racism without racists ' according to | 
of course racism is " up " . it's artificially up because of all the news coverage 
can't fix a problem until you recognize it -- more in u.s. say racism on the rise 
poll : racism on the rise . more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 
rt in the news : conversations about race 
somehow i think this has a lot to do with your poll numbers . 
this dumb article contributes to problems . really , make some progress with education rather than this bullshit . 
rt 49% : racism a big problem in us . smh . go live in america 60 or 160 yrs ago . racism then was a big problem , not 2day http … 
wow !!! such a discovery !!! 
. poll : 1,951 inc 501 black/500 hispanic . were asian americans ... intentionally excluded ? 
rt racism is still a big problem in america and recently , trump gave free passes for all the closet racist … 
perception or reality breaks it down . ready to see the rest of this survey . 
a look at different views of " rising racism " j2150aaf15 

a chicago police officer has been charged with 1st-degree murder in the 2014 shooting death of laquan mcdonald . 
: ----> you must prosecute israel for using excessive force just like this case ----> 
charged with murder : 
police officer charged with murder 
he won't be indicted for murder after same old tricks : witness intimidation , and/or evidence tampering/destroying . 
shooting a person 16 times is not fear for your life , it's hate !! no excuse for this police killing 
chicago leaders urge calm before police shooting video released 
chicago cop who shot teenager laquan mcdonald 16x charged with 1st degree murder 
chicago police officer charged with first-degree murder of black teen 
u covered this up , thanks to courts u have to show video . deserves better 
why the fuck does anybody confront a cop with a knife and not expect to get shot ? then whine ? 
rt rt a chicago police officer has been charged with 1st-degree murder in the 2014 ... ht … 
although i'm glad this officer was charged with first degree murder . i personally won't be satisfied until he's ... 

somali pirates seize iranian , thai ships - 
pirates seize ships 

fort hood helicopter crash leaves 4 dead - 
rt pray for families & loved ones of the 4 crew members who died in a helicopter crash at fort hood yesterday . ht … 
4 dead in u.s. army helicopter crash at fort hood 
4 families are going to get a call none of us want 🇺🇸😞🙏🏻 4 dead in us army helicopter crash at fort hood 
rt 4 killed in yesterday's crash of a u.s. army helicopter during a training mission in texas , fort hood says . … 
4 dead in army copter crash 
ft . hood tragedy . please remember these families . rip soldiers 

$21m hatton garden jewel biggest ' in english legal history , ' lawyer says - via $ 
$21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says 
$21m hatton garden jewel heist biggest ' in english legal history , ' lawyer says 
huge jewel heist makes history 
$21m jewel heist biggest ' in legal history , ' lawyer says 
jewel heist so big it makes history 
rt $21 million hatton garden heist " the largest burglary in english legal history . " or garden varie … 
" $21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says " did you see this ? 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( $21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says ... 
rt largest jewel heist in england goes to trial . youngest member of the gang ? 42 . ( ht 
$21m hatton garden jewel heist biggest ' in english legal history .... straight out of a james bond film .. 
$21 million hatton garden heist " the largest burglary in english legal history . " or garden variety cybercrime 

hagel : focus on isis , not assad 
former defense secretary hagel : focus on not assad 
former secretary of defense hagel : insisting assad must go puts us at risk of confusing its allies and adversaries 
ex-defense secretary chuck hagel says the united states should focus on isis before syria's president assad 
hagel was always one of the better ones 
scary : ex- secdef says is part of answer to problem , not a cause of problem . 
former secdef hagel : build partnerships and focus on isis first , assad later - 
as russia mass-murders sunnis in syria , us policy begins to fragment . 
even former sec def hagel agrees its not wise to topple focus should be 100% on 
unite round the common interest & defeat these barbaric focus on not 
if we continue to fight assad we will just be fighting the russians instead !! 
chuck hagel says to focus on isis not assad 
chuck hagel tells that calling for assad to go is confusing to our allies and adversaries : 

rt police arrest man in connection with murder of pregnant pastor's wife . 
pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests in pregnant wife's murder 
. so use spot-metering . 
amanda blackburn news : 
" today i am deciding to love , not hate . " 
indiana amanda blackburn killing arrest - 
pastor chooses ' love not hate ' after wife's killing 
two arrested in death of pastor's wife amanda blackburn 
controversy ? amanda blackburn murdered . 
where is the outrage , protests , and signs for ? 
when the media gonna fawn over this husbands ability to forgive ? 
man arrested in pastor's wife murder case - 
- there is real evil in this world , and these soulless , disgusting monsters prove it . 
we have a sick culture in america . arrests in death of pastors wife . they were on crime spree . don't blame poverty . 
men arrested in pastor's wife killing 
" choosing to let my emotions drive my decisions is recipe for a hopeless and fruitless life . " 
cnn has them shown here . think obama will comment on this case ? don't hold your breath ... 
imagine if the races were reversed pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests pregnant wife's murder 
no punishment on earth will be as bad as when these two get to hell . 
white lives matter as much as any other life . killing is killing our blood flows the same . respect to this ... 

police : rocket tip explodes while afghan children play with it , kills 7 . 
police : 7 afghan children killed after playing with rocket 
kids , no playing with the rocket tip please ... wtf ? police : rocket tip explodes while afghan children play with ... 

authorities carry out raids in belgium leading to the arrests of 16 people . " 
brussels remains under highest terror alert amid warning of ' imminent threat ' # 
multiple raids in brussels as police seek isis terrorists 
16 arrested in anti-terror raids 
belgian police arrest 16 , but isis ringleader still on the run 

