. department issues worldwide travel alert 
franklin graham turkey shot down a russian warplane near the border of syria as it was on a mission to bomb isis ... 
franklin graham turkey shot down a russian warplane near the border of syria as it was on a mission to bomb isis ... 
worldwide travel alert issued by us state dept .. 
u.s. issues worldwide travel alert 
warning : exercise vigilance when in public places , be aware of surroundings & avoid large crowds 
the state department has issued a worldwide travel alert warning americans of terror attacks 
issues worldwide for citizens . 
the issues a worldwide travel alert via 
rt us state dept issues worldwide travel alert … 
state department issues worldwide alert 
the statedept issues a worldwide travel alert via ericbradn … 
rt . issues a worldwide travel alert via 
. " ... avoid large crowds or crowded places " over the holidays . will your family be changing any plans ? 
shared a link 
rt worldwide travel warning ! to all my friends traveling ... report any suspicious activity . be safe everyone ! … 
u.s. issues over 

prosecutors : photos show teen disposing of teacher's body - 
truly a case that screams justice for the victim . execution is not cruel enough for this killer . 
teen ' dumped body ' after rape , murder of teacher 
photos show teen allegedly disposing of body 
ok then . 

rt paris terror attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep 
no sign of paris suspect in belgium raids as brussels remains under high alert - cnn 
paris attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep👉 
possible suicide vest found 
possible suicide vest found in garbage can . 
from aircraft carrier , launches bid to build coalition - 
french launch attacks from carrier . possible suicide vest found 
finally a cowardly terrorist ! if only more terrorists where like salah abdeslam . 
it appears france has a new foreign policy for the muddle east that copies ours : bomb arabs . i suspect their ... 
isis hit by jets from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort 
france hits isis from aircraft carrier 
isis hit from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort france grew balls . allahu akbar ... 
france attacks isis from aircraft carrier - 

suspect arrested in new orleans shooting on video 
suspect arrested in new orleans shooting caught on video 
great ! congrats to new orleans p.d. for the quick arrest . 👍 
arrest in shooting caught on video 
i can't believe this poor black boy was arrested ! he dindu nuffin wrong ! 
the lesson in this story is that if you intervene , you must use maximum force to control the situation . 
remind me again why it's wrong to put down animals like this . suspect arrested in new orleans shooting 
dramatic video shows hero , peter gold , 25 , tulane univ . med-student being shot by thug in new orleans . gold survived 
check this out : 
this young man is a hero . he probably saved this woman's life . you rock 
video : robber's gun jams after shooting victim/good samaritan . 
there is a god . 

trump faces challenge on eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
. faces challenges on his eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
trump faces challenge on eligibility for the nh ballot 
wants this . tell him ur thoughts faces challenge on eligibility on nh ballot 
is pushing this . tell him ur thoughts trump faces challenge on eligibility for nh ballot 
wants this . tell him ur thoughts trump faces challenge on eligibility on nh ballot 
stop it faces challenge on eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
trump took an oath and signed a pledge to the challenge on eligibility for the nh ballot 
donald trump faces challenges on his eligibility for the new hampshire ballot - 
may not actually make it on to the republican ballot in new hampshire 
republican candidate donald # trump faces challenge on eligibility for the new ballot 
eligibility for republican ballot to be challenged , hearing planned for tuesday - 

turkish military admits to shooting down russian plane 


somali pirates seize iranian , thai ships - 
pirates seize ships 

u.s. ' clock boy ' seeks $15m and apology 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from tx city 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million . i think they meant ' cock boy ' anything for a pay day :/ 
ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city . report something suspicious and get sued ? wtf ?? 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed seeks $15 million , apologies - 
is family entitled to this ? 
family of ' clock boy ' seeks $15m 
sad to know this happened to this young man , but 15 million ?? this is part of the reason america is broke 
" if you see something say something " can get you sued . 
texas ' clock boy ' seeks $15 million from city 
' clock boy ' it looked like a bomb , sorry . walk it off it ! it was a very understandable error 
u.s. ' clock boy ' seeking $15 million 
now that the buzz ran out , time for the money ! ahmed to sue state for $15 million . 
' clock boy's ' family seeks $15 million , apology 
extortion money for radicals . 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million ridiculous . if they win money should go to muslim group 
shocker of the year . . . . never let a good money grab opportunity go to waste . 
ah , now we see what that whole " clock " thing was really about . 
sorry . you should not get $15m because your feelings were hurt 
$15 million will buy a buttload of semtex to hook up to that clock . 
i believe it was a stunt to get attention and now it's a shakedown ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 mil 
( bomb ) mohamed's family sues us $15 million , demand apologies from texas city after moving to qatar , asses 
these guys just proved that they are 100% american . 
if anyone had any doubt was a fraud : disgusting . 
muslim ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family suing city for $15 million and wants apologies from texas city : 
hoax for fame-seeking wasn’t enough , now wants money too . 
family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city nice fucking work 
ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city . i am now completely unsympathetic to this kid 
this is a bit much . the kid is getting into any school he wants ! -- family seeks $15 million , apologies 
family of boy who made the handmade clock ( not really ) seeks $15 million . this seems to have been the end game 
rt ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15m , apologies from texas city . 


adviser : " probably right " on disputed 9/11 celebration claim via 
adviser : trump ' probably right ' on disputed 9/11 claim 
advisor to " prove new jersey * didn't celebrate on 9/11 . 
trump adviser warns super pac spending vs . trump " will be a very , very bad thing for the republican party , " 
adviser says he’s ‘ probably right ’ about his discredited 9/11 claims : 
adviser : " probably right " on disputed 9/11 claim 


is ben carson the most misunderstood candidate ? 



. flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution via 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution 
carson flubs jefferson's role in the constitution 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution dr ben is a dangerousperson not pres material 
so , no comment from the media on obama and the 57 states . 
carson flubs thomas jefferson oh dear god this man is such an idiot ! every time he opens his mouth 
might think muslims can't be president but i don't think we should allow people who don't know history 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution - cnn 




first on cnn : new u.s. intel bulletin provides details of paris attack plans 
first on cnn : new u.s. intel bulletin provides details of paris attack plans . evanperez . shimonpro 
intel : paris attackers cased targets 
new us intelligence bulletin says paris attackers conducted prior surveillance of some locations attacked , showed ... 
new us intelligence bulletin says paris attackers conducted prior surveillance of some … 
rt fbi bulletin asks police to lookout for suspicious ppl doing @ soft targets by 
to the press : make sure to blatantly point out it definitely had " encrypted applications " 

turkey-syria border : russian warplane crashes 

oil crash sparks opec revolt 
oil crash sparks opec revolt against saudis - cnnmoney 
rt oil crash sparks opec revolt against saudis via 
but i thought we could not drill our way to cheaper gas , right , president smartest man alive ?... 
there's growing anger at saudi arabia for keeping oil prices low . opec's next mtg is dec 4 . via 
rt lingering crash sparks revolt against … 
who struggles with a strong dollar ? via 
opec squabbles could bring oil prices even lower . shortfinancial.ca 
" opec has never been more divided , " said fadel gheit , an oppenheimer analyst via 
this is why your gas was so cheap today , and why clean energy will become less of a priority without legislation 
the chickens have come come to roost 
build the pipeline , drill oil wherever , just make us independent from middle east oil 
once again , us has asserted itself on the global economy . now for the crippling blow of leading 
president obama is bringing opec to its knees . 
money cnn investing saudi arabia opec revolt oil prices index 
imf : things are about to get worse for the middle east via 
good writeup on intra-opec squabbles 
oil crash sparks revolt against saudis 
well well , more countries are getting ticked off at the saudis ! 

markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane 
markets dip after russian warplane downed 
markets retreat after shoots down warplane : via 
markets dip after shoots down russian warplane via 
markets retreat after shoots down warplane : via … 
the turkish lira dropped and stocks declined , after a russian warplane crashed near the turkish-syria border . 




the view from iowa : only the four frontrunners can actually win . the folks working pizza ranch circuit ? got no shot . 
also new : our state of the race from iowa , where it's the national phenomena , not the iowa workhorses , who can win . 
in iowa , there is little breathing room for some of the gop field via 
harlan , iowa ( cnn ) - 10 weeks to go until the gop race here is barreling toward a four-way jumble ... 
in iowa , little breathing room for gop bottom-dwellers 


on the night patrol in mali - 




can we avoid apocalypse ? 
rev 7:3 - do you know what is expected of those sealed in the forehead ; the servants of the almighty father ... 
can we avoid climate apocalypse ? 
" try solar but my op-ed says " don't try it , research it ! " hype triumphs , 
the sooner we're able to wean ourselves off our dirty & dangerous addiction to fossil fuels , the better off we'll be 
how to avoid climate apocalypse 
it should be 1.5 degrees 
rt can we avoid apocalypse ? … 
" but there is hope . in every presidential debate , republican nominees bemoan the lack of good american manufacturing … 
can we avoid apocalypse ? nancy harris : has to stop 
there's no one perfect climate target : just like there's no magic number of cigarettes we can smoke and still be ok . 
perspectives on 
nancy harris of on why need to be high on the agenda at 





tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor via 
sharing this article on again . pay attention to him for a senate seat in pa in 2016 . 
the tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor 
here's a good man i've never met but would like to ! another guy that makes trump look like chump ! 
tattooed pa mayor makes senate run 
if you don't know him you should . 
rt here's my profile of john fetterman — the 6'8 " tattooed mayor who's running for senate . … 
i genuinely like john fetterman , and i think he's got a real shot in a general . check him out , pa dems . 
mayor john sat down with to talk about this race , and what " winds his clock . " check it out : 
tattooed mayor makes senate bid 
this man is running for senate , and seems interesting . 
great article about and what he's doing for 
the tattoos are not the most interesting thing about in braddock , pennsylvania . 
i am a cynic , w/ all the doubts for our current system but i read this & the cynicism turns into a smile , maybe hope 
let us know when you run , i would like to donate to your campaign . 
cnn politics profile on john fetterman , d for senate : 
in the spirit of political longshot successes : tattoos aren't the most interesting thing about this senate candidate 
the tattoos aren't the most interesting thing about - profile 
i wanted to know what tattoos have to do with him running for the senate . worth a read . 
the tattoos get attention , but story goes deeper with this pgh-area mayor running for us senate : via 
great story via for a monday morning ! 
great story !!! i will trade my mayor for him !! 
this is someone this country should get behind no matter your party . 
the food is free deemed unsellable for one corporate reason or 
great profile of braddock , pa mayor and senate candidate 
great story from on an unlikely senate candidate and the town he's been devoted to for 10 yrs 
over this profile on find out what " winds his clock . " 

new footage shows warplane crashing in syria 
shows jet crashing 
cnn : russian plane violated turkey airspace 10 times ... warned ... pilot ejected . 
rt clancyreports : cnn : russian plane violated turkey airspace 10 times ... warned ... pilot ejected . 
video shows 
breaking : turkey shoots down russian fighter jet ummm .... this isn't good .. sean 

trump : ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 - 
lying about a tragedy to get sympathy support , i'm baffled he has a following at all 
' either another fib or he has best eyesight in world . 
donald trump lol 
is never going to stop lying to the american people about trump : ' many people jumped and i witnessed on 9/11 
rt donald trump claims ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 
the known fascist is now seeing and hearing things that doesn't exist . 
trump doubles down on 9/11 claims 
doubles down on 9/11 comments 
rt . claimed monday he watched people jump out of twin towers on 9/11 from his apartment 4 miles away : https://… 
trump keeps doing well despite/because of his outrageous statements . expecting him to stop is kidding yourself . 
many people . me : 43rd floor . no one would like it . he is right about that . ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' 
if wants to know how real intolerance looks like in a place his wife kiran wud love : 
' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 .... and i could see russia from there too 
the ignorance to which this man speaks sickens and scares me ! 
rt . " many people jumped and i witnessed it " on 9/11 via … 
trump ! what do your elf eyes see ? 
rt trump on 9/11 


your favorite brands are launching in 
your favorite brands are launching in africa - cnnmoney 
" within five years we could be in five or six countries in africa ... this is the hottest new market in the world . " 
would want to watch the trend in with krispy kreme and dunkins now launching in africa - cnn 
africa is becoming an emerging market for lots of american brands to enter via 
money cnn companies africa starbucks krispy kreme hm dunkin donuts index 






what europe needs to solve the refugee crisis 

