

man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment ( msnbc ) ( 1838 gmt ) 
man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment via 
a loser killed this deputy because he was in law enforcement , no other reason ....... 
man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment : man accused of killing a houston sheriff's deputy in ... 
accused killer targeted texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment - 
man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment ( msnbc ) ( 1510 gmt ) 


update : new orleans police : suspect in shooting of medical student taken into custody . 
suspect in shooting of new orleans medical student in custody 
suspect in shooting of new orleans student in custody 
great work new orleans pd & us marshalls ... 
another obama son . dragged woman down street , murdered tulane student who tried to intervene . fully confesses . 
rt update : new orleans police : suspect in shooting of medical student taken into custody . … 
we should applaud the tulane student who was shot risking his in new orleans to keep a woman from being abducted 
⚜ suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run : new orleans police announced sunday that ... 
suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run ( msnbc ) ( 1340 gmt ) 
helen hey babe . how was new orleans ? charlie the president did very well . 
new orleans police announced sunday that they had made progress in the investigation by … 
rt update : suspect in shooting of medical student who helped stop attack of woman now in custody … 
they caught the 
suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run ( msnbc ) ( 1110 gmt ) 


dna and a pink sweater : how the cops cracked the amanda blackburn murder case . 
read the fourth paragraph 
dna and a pink sweater : how the cops cracked the amanda blackburn murder case . … 
" though everything inside of me wants to hate , be angry , and slip into despair i choose the route of forgiveness ,... 
two charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife 
teen charged with murdering pastor's wife amanda blackburn 
two young men were charged monday in the murder of an indianapolis pastor's pregnant wife during a home invasion 
rt lol this scum should die like you 
charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife via 
two charged with murdering pastors pregnant wife via where is out rage from obama and his husband michelle 
where will the protests be held for this ...??? i guess infant lives and pregnant mothers lives don't matter either 
rt here is the dynamic duo ... mug shots 
update : suspects , ages 18 and 21 , charged in murder of indianapolis pastor's pregnant wife 
rt hate crime : activists murder white pastor's wife ht … 
two charged with murdering pastor's wife amanda blackburn - 
how about the 28 year white pregnant woman that got shot in the head ? 
aka charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife : 
teen charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife 
rt two charged with murdering indiana pastor's pregnant wife 
your covering this too right katie ?? 
race of perp race of victim here irrelevant to media . gee i wonder why . 
media now does not care race of perp versus race of victims . 
now the media does not care race of perpetrator , race of victim . 




a cool 1.5 million .......... 
dress worn by judy garland in ' the wizard of oz ' has sold for $ 1,560,000 at auction . 
dress worn by judy garland in ' wizard of oz ' has sold for $ 1,560,000 at auction 
garland\'s \'wizard of oz\' dress goes for . 5 million 
judy garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress fetches $1.5 million at auction 
whoa , dorothy - that's a lot of emeralds ! the wizard of oz 
iconic .... judy garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress fetches $1.5 million at auction 
okay . who was it ? who got me this dress ? i need to know if i'm to write an appropriate " thank you " card 
thats just ridiculous !! 
garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress goes for $1.5 million 
garland’s ‘ wizard of oz ’ dress goes for $1.5 million 
a dress worn by judy garland in the 1939 movie “ the wizard of oz ” sold for $1.56 million at an auction in new ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress goes for $1 … 
a dress worn by judy garland in the 1939 movie " the wizard of oz " sold for $1.56 million at an auction in new ... 





buys allergan in $160b deal that will slash its u.s. taxes industry 
pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal that will slash its u.s. taxes 
pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal that will slash its u.s. taxes via 
rt drug maker pfizer buys allergan in 60b deal 
pfizer buys allergan in $ 160,000,000,000 deal that will create world’s largest drugmaker 
drug maker pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal ( msnbc ) ( 1255 gmt ) 
pfizer ( maker of viagra ) bought out which irish based botox company for how much and why ? 
drug maker pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal ( msnbc ) ( 1013 gmt ) 
rt move over emc-dell . this is the big one for 2015 ! pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal t … 
pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal that will slash its us taxes 
msnbc : drug maker pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal 
msnbc pfizer and allergan are joining in the biggest buyout of the year , a $160 billion stock ... 
rt drug maker pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal 
drug maker pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal : pfizer and allergan are joining in the biggest buyout of ... 


use of credit card ' skimmers ' is exploding 
use of credit card ' skimmers ' at gas stations , atms is exploding - 
call to calendar your free credit report review today . 
pay with cash , or pay inside the station 
skimmers are being used to steal your credit card information . this easy to come by technology allows brazen ... 
the use of credit card " skimmers , " tiny devices inserted into a gas pump or atm , by identity thieves is ... 
inspectors are now coming across multiple credit card skimmers a week - not just in large cities , but small towns . 

student sues over textbooks ' claims on homosexuality 
gay student sues over textbooks ' claims that homosexuality is disease via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! student sues over textbooks ' claims on hom … 
qiu bai , 20 , raised the issue two years ago as a curious freshman looking through medical … 
qiu bai , 20 , raised the issue two years ago as a curious freshman looking through medical textbooks for answers ... 
student sues over textbooks ’ claims on homosexuality 
chinese textbooks claim homosexuality is disease ; student sues - nbc news 

kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old gabriella doolin 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of gabriella doolin , 7 via 
my god : 
kentucky man could face death in rape & murder of 7-year-old 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old ( msnbc ) ( 1911 gmt ) 
thug smh 
kentucky man could face death in rape and murder of 7 yr old girl . via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! man could face death in rape , murder of 7- … 
man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old girl in ky . 
it is dedicated to lady gaga man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old girl in k … 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old ( msnbc ) ( 1532 gmt ) 
timothy wayne madden was held on $1 million bail monday and could face the death sentence .... 
kentucky man charged in killing of 7-year-old gabriella doolin could face death penalty . 

state department issues worldwide travel alert : 
citing terror threats , state dept issues worldwide travel alert ! 
rt state department issues worldwide travel alert : 
citing terror threats , state dept issues worldwide travel alert - … 
1st time in a year ..... citing terror threats , state dept issues worldwide travel alert - 
citing terror threats , issues worldwide 
as isis sucks us into more war , the best " victory " we can ever hope to get is a pyrrhic victory . 
awesome <_< and i get to fly through france tomorrow 
vist- terror threats , state dept issues worldwide travel alert - nbcnews .… 

can a tax-exempt 501c4 " social welfare " group benefit a single ' 16 candidate ? that's the q regarding pro-rubio group 
breaking the law 
rt campaign watchdogs : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law 
watchdogs : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law : legal questions are being raise ... via . 
we're not the only ones : says is breaking law with ads 
the dark money group backing rubio with millions in ads paid for by unknown donors raises new legal questions 
campaign watchdogs : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law via 
legal questions are being raised about conservative solutions project , an outside group … 
campaign watchdogs : pro-rubio tv are illegal via 
it's time the fec starts treating this for what it is : a blatant crime . 
legal questions are being raised about conservative solutions project , an outside group promoting marco rubio's ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! watchdogs : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking t … 
legal questions are being raised about conservative solutions project , an outside group promoting marco rubio’s ... 



explosive belt found in paris suburb 
more ridiculous staged theatrical false flag propaganda ... 
the discovery in the montrouge neighborhood triggered new worries as investigators continued … 
the discovery in the montrouge neighborhood triggered new worries as investigators continued an international ... 

amid latest controversy , trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' - 
trump’s great memory 
its a bird , its a plane , no its buffoonman ! trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' via 
seems like an opportunity for an amazing new case study 😃 ' via nbcnews 
msnbc : trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' 
rt amid latest controversy , trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' via 
bs , everybody knows kim-jong un has the world’s greatest memory . it’s hereditary . 
dtn usa : trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invincible , despite inten ... 
trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invincible , despite intense push b ... 
trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invin ... via . 
scouting trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' thoughts ? 
donald trump is a joke . this guy just gets more outrageous with each comment he makes . scary that some support him . 
can all of this really be happening ? this man has a double-digit lead . where am i ? via 
web dsign 
seo website builder amid latest c ... 
trump tells he knows he saw tv of muslims celebrating 9/11 because he has ' world's greatest memory ' 
amid latest controversy , trump claims ' world's greatest … 






drone task force makes recommendations for national registry 
drone task force makes recommendations for national registry via 
on more info 
drone task force makes recs for national registry 
faa's earl lawrence says formulation of recommendations by 25-member drone task force ' was truly g ... 
faa's earl lawrence says formulation of recommendations by 25-member drone … 

tech giants don't budge as lawmakers push weakened 
giants don't budge as lawmakers push weakened via 
“ ... tech companies are trying to do the right thing , and it's because it's good for business for them . ” 
tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption 
tech giants fight l ... | 
tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption : the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate around e ... 
dtn usa : tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption : the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate ... 
scouting tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption thoughts ? 
tech giants fight lawmakers on crypto compromise - the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate around e ... 
unidrone explorer > tech giants fight lawmakers on crypto compromise 
the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate around encryption inside the beltway , much to the chagrin of ... 


wintry mix could snarl holiday travel in plains , west 
wintry mix could snarl thanksgiving travel in plains , west 
thanksgiving travelers in plains , west should expect issues due to snow and ice 
focus is on holiday travelers - but some have to drive for a living : 
central michigan cruises to win over kent state , becomes bowl eligible - mlive 😧 😎 
top 10 cities that san antonians plan on traveling to for thanksgiving - mysanantonio 😯😲 
😞 hit the road , toad # no different people wanted # - politico 😾😞 
when the weather really gets rough is midweek , right in time for wednesday , which is the … 
when the weather really gets rough is midweek , right in time for wednesday , which is the biggest travel day of ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! wintry mix could snarl thanksgiving travel … 


dell acknowledges security hole in recently shipped laptops - 
dell acknowledges security hole in new laptops 
dell admits software in some new laptops makes it easy for hackers to access private data . 




love notes honor late wife 
love notes honor late wife : a husband honors his late wife by handing out 100 love notes to strangers on the s ... 
a husband honors his late wife by handing out 100 love notes to strangers on the streets of charlotte , north ... 



colorado woman killed in arizona skydiving accident - 
skydiving student killed in arizona weekend accident ( msnbc ) ( 1617 gmt ) 
skydiving student killed in weekend accident in arizona 
last-second turbulence was blamed for sending a tandem skydiving team plunging into the … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! colorado woman killed in arizona skydiving … 
last-second turbulence was blamed for sending a tandem skydiving team plunging into the ground , killing a ... 

