

forty years after resettlement , thousands of southeast asian refugees face ... - 
incredible 
rt 13,000 cambodian , vietnamese , and laotian americans have been served deportation orders in past 20 yrs … 
of 2 mln immig deported by obama , 47% were booted cuz of traffic violations . via 
13,000 cambodian , vietnamese , and laotian americans have been served deportation orders in past 20 yrs via 
' how many times can you be displaced ? ' 40 yrs after resettlement , thousands of se asian refugees face deportation 
40 years after resettlement , refugees fear deportation 
retweeted advancingjustice|chi ( forty years after resettlement , thousands of southeast asian ... 
forty years after resettlement in america , thousands of southeast asian refugees face deportation 
over the past two decades , more than 13,000 southeast asian refugees in the u.s. have been served deportation orders 
after 40 years of resettlement , southeast asian refugees are being deported : 
40 years after resettlement , thousands of face deportation via 
rt my first for 40 yrs after resettlement , thousands of sea refugees face deportation … 
40yrs after resettlement , thousands of sea refugees face deportation via 
more than 13,000 southeast asians have been served deportation orders — 
my first for 40 yrs after resettlement , thousands of sea refugees face deportation via 
obama's makes room for more isis 40 years after resettlement , thousands of southeast asian refugees face deportation 
" although deportation is largely seen as an issue affecting immigrants who are undocumented , legal permanent ... 
over the past two decades , more than 13,000 cambodian , vietnamese , and laotian americans have been served deportation orders . 


pfizer buys allergan in $ 160,000,000,000 deal that will create world’s largest drugmaker 
pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal that will slash its u.s. taxes 
drug maker pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal ( msnbc ) ( 1255 gmt ) 
pfizer ( maker of viagra ) bought out which irish based botox company for how much and why ? 
drug maker pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal ( msnbc ) ( 1013 gmt ) 
rt move over emc-dell . this is the big one for 2015 ! pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal t … 
pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal that will slash its us taxes 
move over emc-dell . this is the big one for 2015 ! pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal that will slash its u.s. taxes 
msnbc : drug maker pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal 
msnbc pfizer and allergan are joining in the biggest buyout of the year , a $160 billion stock ... 
rt drug maker pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal 
drug maker pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal : pfizer and allergan are joining in the biggest buyout of ... 
pfizer and allergan are joining in the biggest buyout of the year , a $160 billion stock deal that will create the world's largest drug maker . 



may have ' manipulated ' 
obama , susan rice or centcom may have ' manipulated ' isis intel , officials say via nbcnews 
rt may have ' manipulated ' 
senior military officials tell nbc news that officials at united states central command may … 
it is absurd to even suggest that military officials could be pressured into manipulating intelligence reports purel … 
update : centcom may have ‘ manipulated ’ isis intel 
centcom may have ‘ manipulated ’ isis intel : officials 
senior military officials tell nbc news that officials at united states central command may have “ manipulated ” ... 



carson walks back claim to have seen 9/11 celebrations in us - 
carson walks back claim to have seen 9/11 celebrations in u.s. 
like trump , carson says he saw video of u.s. muslims cheering 9/11 
carson is losing his marbles . he must never imitate trump ! he's going to get himself into more trouble . via 
like trump , carson says he saw video of us muslims cheering 9/11 - 
wait ... ' newsreels' ? is this 1942 , ben ? " like trump , carson says he saw video of u.s. muslims cheering 9/11 " 
like trump , carson says he saw u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 - 
like trump , carson says he saw u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 : " i think that was an inappropriate response ... 
" 9/11 cheering nj muslims " - politifact rated it " pants on fire " and the wash post gave it " 4 pinocchios . " 
" i would say we use our intelligence and we monitor .. anyplace where radicalization is going on . " so like , the gop ? 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! like trump , carson says he saw u.s. muslim … 
like trump , carson says he saw video of u.s. muslims cheering 9/11 - nbc news 
" i think that was an inappropriate response . i don't know if , on the basis of that , you can say all muslims are ... 
like donald trump , carson says he saw video of u.s. muslims cheering 9/11 
fixed it : " like trump , carson word's are taking out of context for a traffic-generating headline " 
web dsign 
" i think that was an inappropriate response . i don't know if , on the basis of that , you can … 
seo website builder like trump , c ... 
ben carson now says he did not see u.s. muslims cheer the 9/11 attacks 
carson now says he didn't see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 - nbc news 
hours after ben carson told reporters he remembers seeing american muslims celebrating the sept . 11 , 2001 , attacks , his campaign said the gop presidential candidate was " thinking something differently . " 



women drinking more like men , study finds 
male , female drinking habits ... 
male , female becoming more similar : study 
researchers : us men are drinking a little less and us women are drinking a little more . 
american women are starting to drink more and more like men - and men are starting to drink … 
american women are starting to drink more and more like men - and men are starting to drink a little more like ... 
survey : us men are drinking a little less and us women are drinking a little more 
women breaking through shotglass celing 
are our roles being reversed ? click the link to learn more about this interesting study . 


