


suspect in shooting of new orleans student in custody 
another obama son . dragged woman down street , murdered tulane student who tried to intervene . fully confesses . 
rt suspect in shooting of new orleans student in custody via 
update : new orleans police : suspect in shooting of medical student taken into custody . 
suspect in shooting of new orleans student in custody : the man suspected of dragging a woman down a n ... 
we should applaud the tulane student who was shot risking his in new orleans to keep a woman from being abducted 
⚜ suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run : new orleans police announced sunday that ... 
suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run ( msnbc ) ( 1340 gmt ) 
suspect in shooting of new orleans medical student in custody 
helen hey babe . how was new orleans ? charlie the president did very well . 
new orleans police announced sunday that they had made progress in the investigation by … 
rt update : suspect in shooting of medical student who helped stop attack of woman now in custody … 
they caught the 
suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run ( msnbc ) ( 1110 gmt ) 

get some exercise , doctors tell pregnant women 
this is an interesting read ! 
pregnant ? get some exercise 

charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife via 
two charged with murdering pastors pregnant wife via where is out rage from obama and his husband michelle 
where will the protests be held for this ...??? i guess infant lives and pregnant mothers lives don't matter either 
rt here is the dynamic duo ... mug shots 
update : suspects , ages 18 and 21 , charged in murder of indianapolis pastor's pregnant wife 
hate crime : activists murder white pastor's wife 
two charged with murdering pastor's wife amanda blackburn - 
how about the 28 year white pregnant woman that got shot in the head ? 
aka charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife : 
teen charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife 
two charged with murdering indiana pastor's pregnant wife 
two charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife >> parents must be proud of their dirty little rapist niggers ! 
your covering this too right katie ?? 
race of perp race of victim here irrelevant to media . gee i wonder why . 
media now does not care race of perp versus race of victims . 
now the media does not care race of perpetrator , race of victim . 
well you can feel better now 
lol this scum should die like you 
thank you you just reported the facts . 
such a horrible story ... she was 12 weeks pregnant . 




dress worn by judy garland in ' wizard of oz ' has sold for $ 1,560,000 at auction 
judy garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress fetches $1.5 million at auction 
okay . who was it ? who got me this dress ? i need to know if i'm to write an appropriate " thank you " card 
thats just ridiculous !! 
garland\'s \'wizard of oz\' dress goes for . 5 million 
garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress goes for $1.5 million 
garland’s ‘ wizard of oz ’ dress goes for $1.5 million 
a dress worn by judy garland in the 1939 movie “ the wizard of oz ” sold for $1.56 million at an auction in new ... 
dress worn by judy garland in ' the wizard of oz ' has sold for $ 1,560,000 at auction . 
whoa , dorothy - that's a lot of emeralds ! the wizard of oz 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress goes for $1 … 
a dress worn by judy garland in the 1939 movie " the wizard of oz " sold for $1.56 million at an auction in new ... 





use of credit card ' skimmers ' is exploding 
use of credit card ' skimmers ' at gas stations , atms is exploding - 
skimmers are being used to steal your credit card information . this easy to come by technology allows brazen ... 
the use of credit card " skimmers , " tiny devices inserted into a gas pump or atm , by identity thieves is ... 
inspectors are now coming across multiple credit card skimmers a week - not just in large cities , but small towns . 

kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of gabriella doolin , 7 via 
my god : 
kentucky man could face death in rape & murder of 7-year-old 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old ( msnbc ) ( 1911 gmt ) 
thug smh 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old gabriella doolin 
kentucky man could face death in rape and murder of 7 yr old girl . via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! man could face death in rape , murder of 7- … 
man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old girl in ky . 
it is dedicated to lady gaga man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old girl in k … 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old ( msnbc ) ( 1532 gmt ) 
timothy wayne madden was held on $1 million bail monday and could face the death sentence .... 
kentucky man charged in killing of 7-year-old gabriella doolin could face death penalty . 

citing terror threats , state dept issues worldwide travel alert - 
vist- terror threats , state dept issues worldwide travel alert - nbcnews .… 
state department issues worldwide travel alert 
if you were planning on going abroad for the holidays will you change your plans due to state dept warning ? 
it's ok everyone . says they're contained and can't deliver a mortal blow to the us . via nbcnews 
this takes things up another notch . 
america terrorizes its own citizens in the name of fighting terror . " someone , somewhere , will get you if you leave ! " 
with the new state dept travel alert , perhaps we should stay in boston indefinitely . :) 
citing threats , department issues worldwide alert via 
despite all the rhetoric and advanced weapons our civil right violation our score is less than iran . . . 
look at the map . why is south africa at a higher risk than the us ? puzzled . 
the winner of today's " day late and a dollar short " award is the u.s. state department - ... 
ahead of us cites terror threats + issues worldwide 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! state department issues worldwide travel a … 
tobe news citing terror threats , state dept issues worldwide travel ale ... 

may have ' manipulated ' 
woww ... ok ... hold on to your hats ... it's comingggg ! 
may have ' manipulated ' intel , officials say via 
pentagon papers anyone ? ... those , who do not learn from history , are condemned to repeat it . 
centcom may have ' manipulated ' isis intel so now can we impeach him ? 
rt may have ' manipulated ' 

explosive belt found in paris suburb 
more ridiculous staged theatrical false flag propaganda ... 
the discovery in the montrouge neighborhood triggered new worries as investigators continued … 
the discovery in the montrouge neighborhood triggered new worries as investigators continued an international ... 




drone task force makes recommendations for national registry 
drone task force makes recommendations for national registry via 
on more info 
drone task force makes recs for national registry 
faa's earl lawrence says formulation of recommendations by 25-member drone task force ' was truly g ... 
faa's earl lawrence says formulation of recommendations by 25-member drone … 


wintry mix could snarl thanksgiving travel in plains , west 
thanksgiving travelers in plains , west should expect issues due to snow and ice 
focus is on holiday travelers - but some have to drive for a living : 
central michigan cruises to win over kent state , becomes bowl eligible - mlive 😧 😎 
top 10 cities that san antonians plan on traveling to for thanksgiving - mysanantonio 😯😲 
😞 hit the road , toad # no different people wanted # - politico 😾😞 
wintry mix could snarl holiday travel in plains , west 
when the weather really gets rough is midweek , right in time for wednesday , which is the … 
when the weather really gets rough is midweek , right in time for wednesday , which is the biggest travel day of ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! wintry mix could snarl thanksgiving travel … 



love notes honor late wife 
love notes honor late wife : a husband honors his late wife by handing out 100 love notes to strangers on the s ... 
charlotte man honors his late wife with 100 love notes to strangers 
a husband honors his late wife by handing out 100 love notes to strangers on the streets of charlotte , north carolina . wcnc's mike hanson reports . 

colorado woman killed in arizona skydiving accident - 
skydiving student killed in arizona weekend accident ( msnbc ) ( 1617 gmt ) 
skydiving student killed in weekend accident in arizona 
last-second turbulence was blamed for sending a tandem skydiving team plunging into the … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! colorado woman killed in arizona skydiving … 
last-second turbulence was blamed for sending a tandem skydiving team plunging into the ground , killing a ... 

