what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to cops 
what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to cops via nbcnews# 
never underestimate someone b/c of their age ! 7 y/o honors one po at a time . via 
what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to cops : zachary becerra loves superheroes . but fo ... 
oh my gosh my heart needed this . if you can find the full story online ( i couldn't , i think because it just aired ... 
what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to police officers via 
zachary becerra loves superheroes . but for this 7-year-old , there are no greater heroes than … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! what one 7-year-old boy does to show his g … 
zachary becerra loves superheroes . but for this 7-year-old , there are no greater heroes than new york city's ... 

forty years after resettlement , thousands of southeast asian refugees face ... - 
forty years after resettlement , thousands of southeast asian refugees face deportation via 
incredible 
rt 13,000 cambodian , vietnamese , and laotian americans have been served deportation orders in past 20 yrs … 
of 2 mln immig deported by obama , 47% were booted cuz of traffic violations . via 
13,000 cambodian , vietnamese , and laotian americans have been served deportation orders in past 20 yrs via 
' how many times can you be displaced ? ' 40 yrs after resettlement , thousands of se asian refugees face deportation 
40 years after resettlement , refugees fear deportation 
retweeted advancingjustice|chi ( forty years after resettlement , thousands of southeast asian ... 
forty years after resettlement in america , thousands of southeast asian refugees face deportation 
over the past two decades , more than 13,000 southeast asian refugees in the u.s. have been served deportation orders 
after 40 years of resettlement , southeast asian refugees are being deported : 
40 years after resettlement , thousands of face deportation via 
rt my first for 40 yrs after resettlement , thousands of sea refugees face deportation … 
40yrs after resettlement , thousands of sea refugees face deportation via 
more than 13,000 southeast asians have been served deportation orders — 
my first for 40 yrs after resettlement , thousands of sea refugees face deportation via 
obama's makes room for more isis 40 years after resettlement , thousands of southeast asian refugees face deportation 
" although deportation is largely seen as an issue affecting immigrants who are undocumented , legal permanent ... 

three killed in columbus , ohio , home invasion ; shooter dead - 
three killed in ohio home invasion ; shooter dead 
police confirm shooter in the columbus , ohio , home invasion that killed three has died . 
three killed in columbus , ohio , police-involved shooting ( msnbc ) ( 1808 gmt ) 
three killed in home invasion ; gunman critical via 
three killed in columbus , ohio , home invasion ; gunman critical - 
three killed in police-involved shooting 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! three killed in ohio home invasion ; gunman … 
three killed in ohio home invasion ; gunman critical 
three killed in ohio home invasion ; gunman critical - police told nbc station wcmh of columbus that a 12-year-o ... 
rt three killed in ohio home invasion ; gunman critical - police told nbc station wcmh of columbus that a 12 ... https :/ … 
speedenews : three killed in ohio home invasion ; gunman critical 
police told nbc station wcmh of columbus that a 12-year-old child was critically wounded .... 
it is dedicated to lady gaga three killed in ohio home invasion ; gunman critical 
three killed in columbus , ohio , home invasion via 
police confirm child critically wounded in home invasion that left three dead . 
is it just me , or do thieves and murderers seem to be coming around dinnertime now ? 3 killed in ohio home invasion 
three killed in columbus , ohio , police-involved shooting via 
the_news_diva three killed in police-involved shooting 
three killed in columbus , ohio , officer-involved shooting . police confirm . 

suspect in shooting of new orleans student in custody 
update : new orleans police : suspect in shooting of medical student taken into custody . 
suspect in shooting of new orleans student in custody : the man suspected of dragging a woman down a n ... 
we should applaud the tulane student who was shot risking his in new orleans to keep a woman from being abducted 
⚜ suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run : new orleans police announced sunday that ... 
suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run ( msnbc ) ( 1340 gmt ) 
suspect in shooting of new orleans medical student in custody 
helen hey babe . how was new orleans ? charlie the president did very well . 
new orleans police announced sunday that they had made progress in the investigation by … 
rt update : suspect in shooting of medical student who helped stop attack of woman now in custody … 
they caught the 
suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run ( msnbc ) ( 1110 gmt ) 

get some exercise , doctors tell pregnant women 
this is an interesting read ! 
pregnant ? get some exercise 


trump says it was widely covered & all over the internet . carson says he didn't see muslims cheer 
carson says muslim leaders should " draw the distinction btw the moderate & reasonable arabs , and the radical ones " 
carson now says he didn't see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 
rt carson : monitor anything , " a mosque , a church , a museum , a supermarket- anyplace where … 
carson : monitor anything , " a mosque , a church , a museum , a supermarket- anyplace where radicalization is going on " 
carson now says he didn't see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 : hours after ben carson to ... 
carson changes story ... again . this time on cheering people in nj on 9/11 
well that didn't take long ( no surprise that he didn't remember something exactly as it happened ) 
carson now says he didn't see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 via 
carson now says he didn't see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 ( shaquille brewster / nbc news ) 
carson now says he didn't see us muslims cheer 9/11 - 
carson now says he didn't see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 | this guy needs a stupid show of his own . via 
carson now says he didn't see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 |unending excuses . what's next ? guy is nuts . via 
when is the last time anyone saw a " newsreel ? " " carson now says he didn't see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 " 
rt msnbc : carson now says he didn't see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 
benny the blade : wait , i didn’t see those cheering arabs , i was “ thinking something differently ” earlier today ... 
like trump , carson says he saw video of u.s. muslims cheering 9/11 
another day another insane conspiracy theory 
you are losing it via 
like trump , carson says he saw u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 - " i think that was an inappropriate response . i don't k ... 
carson now says he didn't see mass celebrations in new jersey on 9/11 : 
carson : " i was thinking something differently " when caught lying by media about american muslims cheering 911 
did see , didn’t see 

watch live : trump ohio campaign rally via 


male , female drinking habits ... 
researchers : us men are drinking a little less and us women are drinking a little more . 
women drinking more like men , study finds 
male , female becoming more similar : study 
american women are starting to drink more and more like men - and men are starting to drink … 
american women are starting to drink more and more like men - and men are starting to drink a little more like ... 
survey : us men are drinking a little less and us women are drinking a little more 
women breaking through shotglass celing 
are our roles being reversed ? click the link to learn more about this interesting study . 

texas clock teen demands $15 million for ' hoax bomb ' arrest 
you gotta be kidding ... not right . 
muslim teen's family demands $15 million over clock incident | nbc 5 dallas-fort worth 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! texas clock teen demands $15 million for ' … 
are you okay with this ? better be from your pocket and not taxpayers 
muslim teen's family demands $15m over clock incident 
so many layers of teen's family demands $15 million | nbc 5 dallas-fort worth via 
family of clock-making teen ahmed mohamed demand public apologies and $15m in compensation . 
this is absolutely disgusting !!! 
and another story ruined by greed . -- muslim teen's family demands $15 million over clock incident | via 
muslim teen's family demands $15m over clock incident . yeah , go pound sand !!!! 
15 million really . smdh 
ahmed mohamed's family demands $15 million over clock incident | via 
rt muslim teen's family demands $15m over clock incident 

pfizer buys allergan in $ 160,000,000,000 deal that will create world’s largest drugmaker 
pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal that will slash its u.s. taxes 
drug maker pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal ( msnbc ) ( 1255 gmt ) 
pfizer ( maker of viagra ) bought out which irish based botox company for how much and why ? 
drug maker pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal ( msnbc ) ( 1013 gmt ) 
rt move over emc-dell . this is the big one for 2015 ! pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal t … 
pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal that will slash its us taxes 
msnbc : drug maker pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal 
msnbc pfizer and allergan are joining in the biggest buyout of the year , a $160 billion stock ... 
rt drug maker pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal 
drug maker pfizer buys allergan in $160b deal : pfizer and allergan are joining in the biggest buyout of ... 

78 ceos urge pricing of carbon emissions 
rt 78 ceos urge pricing of carbon emissions 
msnbc leaders of 78 major global companies urged governments on monday to include pricing of ... 
ceos of 78 global companies urge governments to price carbon emissions via 
leaders of 78 major global companies urged governments on monday to include pricing of carbon emissions in ... 


kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of gabriella doolin , 7 via 
my god : 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old ( msnbc ) ( 1911 gmt ) 
thug smh 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old gabriella doolin 
kentucky man could face death in rape and murder of 7 yr old girl . via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! man could face death in rape , murder of 7- … 
man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old girl in ky . 
it is dedicated to lady gaga man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old girl in k … 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old ( msnbc ) ( 1532 gmt ) 
timothy wayne madden was held on $1 million bail monday and could face the death sentence .... 
kentucky man charged in killing of 7-year-old gabriella doolin could face death penalty . 


may have ' manipulated ' 
centcom may have ' manipulated ' isis intel so now can we impeach him ? 
centcom may have ' manipulated ' intel , officials say via now for horrific truth kept from 
rt may have ' manipulated ' 
senior military officials tell nbc news that officials at united states central command may … 


amid latest controversy , trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' - 
amid latest controversy , trump claims ' world's greatest … 
trump : ‘ i have the world’s greatest memory ’ 
the gop front-runner is acting invincible , despite intense push back on his latest outrageous comments . 
web dsign amid latest controversy , tru ... 
msnbc : trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' 
a lil double byline action from and me ... our dispatch from tonight in trumpland 
trump repeats 9/11 cheering claims , tells he has ' world's greatest memory ' 

sister of woman in paris terror cell speaks out 
sister of woman in paris terror cell calls her ' sad ' 
' she was sad in her life ' : sister of woman in paris terror cell speaks out - 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! sister of woman in paris terror cell calls … 
the sister of a woman who died in an anti-terrorism raid in paris told nbc news on monday … 
the sister of a woman who died in an anti-terrorism raid in paris told nbc news on monday that she believes her ... 
sister of woman in paris terror cell calls her ‘ sad ’ 
the sister of a woman who died in an anti-terror raid in paris last week told nbc news on monday that she ... 

it seems women know how to work the investment system better . 
it seems women know how to work the system better . 
shares strategies broken down by gender . who does it better ? find out here : 
what men can learn from women when it comes to managing 401(k)s 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! women outshine men in managing 401(k)s : st … 
women outshine men in managing 401(k)s : study 
women are better than men at managing their 401(k)s , according to study that contains some good lessons for ... 
what men can learn from women about saving for via 
what men can learn from women about saving for retirement - 
what men can learn from women about saving for retirement via 
msnbc women are better than men at managing their 401(k)s , according to study that contains s ... 




choose dark or light side with google ' star wars ' mode 
choose dark or light side with google ‘ star wars ’ mode 
google and star wars want you to witness the firepower of their fully armed and operational marketing campaign . 
choose dark or light side with mode via nbcnews 
eric rebron posted it on - 

dell acknowledges security hole in recently shipped laptops 
dell acknowledges security hole in new laptops 
dell admits software in some new laptops makes it easy for hackers to access private data . 
dell acknowledges security hole in recently shipped laptops - nbc news on 
imagine that : dell acknowledges security hole in recently shipped laptops - nbc news 

colorado woman killed in arizona skydiving accident - 
skydiving student killed in arizona weekend accident ( msnbc ) ( 1617 gmt ) 
skydiving student killed in weekend accident in arizona 
last-second turbulence was blamed for sending a tandem skydiving team plunging into the … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! colorado woman killed in arizona skydiving … 
last-second turbulence was blamed for sending a tandem skydiving team plunging into the ground , killing a ... 

