





two charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife 
teen charged with murdering pastor's wife amanda blackburn 
two young men were charged monday in the murder of an indianapolis pastor's pregnant wife during a home invasion 
lol this scum should die like you 
charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife via 
two charged with murdering pastors pregnant wife via where is out rage from obama and his husband michelle 
where will the protests be held for this ...??? i guess infant lives and pregnant mothers lives don't matter either 
rt here is the dynamic duo ... mug shots 
update : suspects , ages 18 and 21 , charged in murder of indianapolis pastor's pregnant wife 
hate crime : activists murder white pastor's wife 
two charged with murdering pastor's wife amanda blackburn - 
how about the 28 year white pregnant woman that got shot in the head ? 
aka charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife : 
teen charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife 
two charged with murdering indiana pastor's pregnant wife 
your covering this too right katie ?? 
race of perp race of victim here irrelevant to media . gee i wonder why . 
media now does not care race of perp versus race of victims . 
now the media does not care race of perpetrator , race of victim . 
well you can feel better now 
thank you you just reported the facts . 












state department issues worldwide travel alert 
citing terror threats , state dept issues worldwide travel alert - 
it's that time of the year folks : " state department issues worldwide travel alert ... " time to raise our security ... 
as isis sucks us into more war , the best " victory " we can ever hope to get is a pyrrhic victory . 
awesome <_< and i get to fly through france tomorrow 
vist- terror threats , state dept issues worldwide travel alert - nbcnews .… 
if you were planning on going abroad for the holidays will you change your plans due to state dept warning ? 
it's ok everyone . says they're contained and can't deliver a mortal blow to the us . via nbcnews 
this takes things up another notch . 
america terrorizes its own citizens in the name of fighting terror . " someone , somewhere , will get you if you leave ! " 
with the new state dept travel alert , perhaps we should stay in boston indefinitely . :) 
citing threats , department issues worldwide alert via 
despite all the rhetoric and advanced weapons our civil right violation our score is less than iran . . . 
look at the map . why is south africa at a higher risk than the us ? puzzled . 
the winner of today's " day late and a dollar short " award is the u.s. state department - ... 
ahead of us cites terror threats + issues worldwide 


explosive belt found in paris suburb 
more ridiculous staged theatrical false flag propaganda ... 
the discovery in the montrouge neighborhood triggered new worries as investigators continued … 
the discovery in the montrouge neighborhood triggered new worries as investigators continued an international ... 

amid latest controversy , trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' - 
bs , everybody knows kim-jong un has the world’s greatest memory . it’s hereditary . 
dtn usa : trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invincible , despite inten ... 
trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invincible , despite intense push b ... 
trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invin ... via . 
msnbc : trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' 
scouting trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' thoughts ? 
donald trump is a joke . this guy just gets more outrageous with each comment he makes . scary that some support him . 
can all of this really be happening ? this man has a double-digit lead . where am i ? via 
web dsign 
seo website builder amid latest c ... 
trump tells he knows he saw tv of muslims celebrating 9/11 because he has ' world's greatest memory ' 
amid latest controversy , trump claims ' world's greatest … 














