fact check : donald trump says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
" fact checks of the 2016 election " 
rt " fact checks of the 2016 election " via 
the new york times will be checking assertions made throughout the 2016 presidential campaign . 
fact checks of the u.s. 2016 election 
facts are not an element for some candidates . 
fact check : donald says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
well , this is fun , and horrible 
fact checks of the election - the new york times 
the herald news took pains to discredit what paterson officials were calling “ hateful gossip . ” 
fact check : marco rubio says ted cruz undermined intelligence programs 
fact checks of the 2016 usa elections 
" it is not ... anything that can be seen or heard or handled , but .... something that is imagined " 
one fact-checker to rule them all : today launches the first column as our in-house " doubting thomas . " 
caught in a ( gasp ) fib . he should never become a tv psychic 

attack state dept . via social media accounts 
rt iranian hackers attack us state department iran watchers via social media accounts : by & 
iran targets state department for cyber attacks via employees ' facebook accounts 
u.s. officials say they are seeing a surge in cyberespionage attempts by iran 
rt here , iran seems to be hacking to make a point rather than to inflict lasting damage . … 
hackers attack via social media accounts 
rt iranian hackers attack via social media accounts via 
american officials say cyberespionage is becoming a tool to obtain the influence that many in i .. 
top story : social media from anti iranian hackers attack state dept . via social … see more 
u.s. officials see surge in cyberespionage attempts by iran after nuke deal 
facebook state-sponsored attack warning helped alert us state department : 

baby red pandas in brooklyn . this is not a drill . 
new york today : welcome to the jungle 
even if you don't like red pandas , has something for you : piglets ! bears ! patagonian cavies ! otters ! 
nytmetro : rt tatertatiana : even if you don't like red pandas , has something for you : piglets ! bears ! pata … 

mt excellent info from why it takes 2yrs to enter the us 
rt excellent , succinct info from why it takes 2 yrs to enter the us . … 
rt this is why it currently takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. … 
rt the 20 step refugee resettlement process that has bigoted politicians and islamophobes so worried . 
why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
rt why it takes two years to screen syrian refugees trying to get into the us 
rt why it takes 2 years for a syrian refugee to apply to come to the us 
why it takes two years for to enter the u.s : 
for anyone who's wondering , this is what syrian refugees have to go through to get here . spoiler : it takes awhile . 
saddened , dismayed at your vote w house republicans . the current system works ! 
why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
good people of america do not be alarmed by our leaders ' fear mongering . they don't know the laws ( as they should ) 
as usual , is talking thru the wrong orifice on syrian refugees . here are some actual facts . 
here is a good description of procedures for vetting refugees . 
the two year security process it takes for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
important link for the holidays : details of 2+ years process it takes syrian refugees to enter u.s. 
rt the twenty steps of the vetting processs go through before we accept them : https : … 
afraid of refugees ? check out screening process they have to pass - the new york times 
rt with mere 20-step us review process for syrian refugees , i can see why the demagogues worry . … 
rt the dumbest path for a terrorist to sneak attack the u.s. is to pose as a syrian refugee ... 
rt excellent infographic about the thorough background/security checks already in place for refugees resettling in usa . htt … 
rt here's why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the united states … 
" why it takes 2 years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. " good read . 
why in takes two years to screen refugees 
it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. and the house just voted to tighten screening procedures 
rt 20 steps & security checks ( including proposed ) refugees must pass , before being admitted to u.s. ht … 
rt syrians already subject to additional checks than other refugees . here's the process : … 
rt ever wanted to understand why it takes about 2 years for to enter the u.s. ? 
rt good information on the current screening process in place for syrian refugees → 
rt why syrian refugees must wait two years to enter the united states . 
i wonder how many of those who oppose welcoming those fleeing from poverty , violence and death could pass this ?... 
rt for everyone who seriously thinks it's easy to enter the u.s. as a syrian refugee - 

policy questioned : ... 
nfl player's concussion raises questions about consistency in league's new policy . 
rt football : policy questioned -- observers are wondering whether the nfl's system to handle concussions is working . … 
ouch . 
end football would be funny if it weren't deadly 
when will football fans realize that they are increasingly becoming like spectators at a roman coliseum who enjoy ... 
observers are wondering whether the n . f . l . ’ s system to handle concussions is working as designed after the rams’… 
( lack of ) treatment of st louis rams qb suggest protocols are inconsistently applied 
keenum concussion in rams v ravens is a major blow to the nfl . watch for this as evidence in next law suit . bad look . 

rt meta enough for you ? 936 comments on piece on best commenters : … 
great look at the human stuff behind the internet stuff . my favorite kind of stuff . 
don't miss insightful piece on the nyt's top commenters : 
meet some of our top commenters 
these commenters shared their faces and stories on 
named top commenter for " comments on racial issues , often from a deeply personal perspective " 
mr. eisenberg has made a name for himself by commenting in poetry . 
this is pretty interesting : profiles some of its top commenters 
the profiles some of its top commenters : 
nyt profiled their top commenters . including a 95 year old man who comments only in poetry . 
conservatives don't make the top commenters list 
characters . meet some of the top commenters on the ny times 
rt this is lovely . well done , and nyt community . 
a brilliant way to encourage reader engagement : profile your top commenters . ( the story currently has 1264 comments ) 
larry eisenberg ftw - meet some top nyt commenters 
rt a good reason why comment sections shouldn't be shut . would b fun 2see a similar piece cc 
our top commenters would just be guys who use their cars as facebook cover photos 
the acknowledge their readership by profiling their top commenters 
interesting piece about top commenters on good to give them some visibility . 
this nyt project is so good : vignettes about their top commenters . all hail larry eisenberg 
rt meet the nyt's top commenters . this is an amazing group of humans : 
really enjoyed this piece , which profiles popular commenters : thanks for sharing ( go larry ! ) 
meet some of top commenters h/t 
one of a site's potentially greatest assets is its community . good to see the tending its garden . 
commenters , in this digital era , are transforming the new york times 
nyt profiles it's top online commenters ! 
for an nyt comment , " i can spend a half-hour writing and rewriting the first line . " 
the profiles some of their top commenters via need to know newsletter 
nyt commenters : " i like news . i like reading it ... not tv heads screaming at me about how i should be perceiving it " 
rt as an occasional moderator , i loved this . meets some of the nyt's top commenters : htt … 
these are some of the top commenters on 

to cam newton , the only numbers that matter are 10 and 0 - - 
bill rhoden is a cranky old man who thinks you kids need to take your calculators and get out of the press box : 
ease up on the analytics when assessing newton , writes the goat mc 
" look beyond the numbers and find a leader emerging " 
getslimmerquickly / sports of the times : look beyond the numbers and find a leader emer ... 

a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ : 
rt any of us can become annoyed by delays just as any of us can become ill on the train- empathy wins : … 
any of us can become annoyed by delays just as any of us can become ill on the train- empathy wins : ht 
this : … is nowhere near as troubling as the turd i saw on the subway this morning . 
oh it's nothing , i just know someone who has her picture in the 
there should be a " call for help " button in every car ! hated phrase that subway riders hear more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
a hated phrase that riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
in a subway system with 469 stations and as many as six million riders a day , some riders are bound to get sick . 
a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ' sick passenger ' 
the ' sick passenger ' is the urban bigfoot 
rt can't always blame people for being sick . mta should better inform passengers what to do when they're feeling ill … 
i was once sick on a train . but the conductor just put me off in mineola and pointed to a hospital . 
" a voice over the intercom delivers the bad news ... your train is delayed because of a sick passenger . " 
on the subway , one rider's illness is many riders ' delay . ' there has to be a better way to handle it . ' 
somehow the ny times avoids asking why people feel it necessary to ride the subway while sick . sick leave , anyone ? 
a hated phrase that nyc subway passengers are hearing w/ increased frequency : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
this is the result of nyers not being more proactive and team-oriented in carrying sick people off everyone suffers 

tfw you wake up in a lift but dunno if you're falling to your death or floating in space ? 
why does gravity bend light ? check out this graphic and video : 
in 1907 , einstein had his “ happiest thought ” — people in free fall don't feel their own weight 
100 years ago , theory of changed everything via 
" what is general relativity ? " 
brilliant graphic from explaining general relativity 
100 years ago this month -- perhaps the greatest insight of all time . 
here's a simple explanation of einstein's general theory of relativity to share with your students : 
relatively easy to grasp graphic explainer on einstein's theory of relativity by the talented 
einstein's theory of relativity visually explained . by 
great short video on einstein crosses and rings ( bottom of the article ) - the new york times 
a marvelous primer ( including video ) on general relativity . learn about the and the 
interactive team at it , again ! 
happy birthday , theory of general relativity . incredible that someone figured you out . 
what is general - the new york times 
einstein's theory of general relativity turns 100 . 
something that changed everything . happy 100th dear general relativity ! 

rt how einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 
a century ago , a grumpy albert einstein’s not so bumpy theory of relativity changed everything 
a century ago , einstein’s theory of relativity changed everything 
100 years ago , theory of changed everything via 
" so einstein went back to the blackboard . and on nov . 25 , 1915 , he set down the equation that rules the universe . " 
a century ago , einstein’s theory changed everything 
rt happy 100th birthday to the equation that " tells spacetime how to curve " !! 
" by the fall of 1915 , albert einstein was a bit grumpy . " a century ago , the theory of relativity changed everything 
a century ago 11/25/15 , theory of relativity changed everything 
a century ago , on nov 25 , 1915 , einstein presented his field equations describing gravity ( theory of gen relativity ) 
an important date - and theory - to be sure ! a century ago , changed everything 
general relativity 100 years old tomorrow . have a fun space-time celebrating ! 
“ it would be unsatisfactory , in my opinion , if a world without matter were possible . ” 
reflecting on how einstein’s theory of relativity transformed our understanding of space + time 
a century ago , theory of changed everything 
a century ago ? seem like just last year ! that's relativity for you . 
100 yrs ago einstein posed the equation that rules the universe . ❤ ️ the graphics 
if were held to " explain " he might fail under 
as compact and mysterious as a viking rune 
a century ago today , einstein’s theory of relativity changed everything 
on occasion , science changes everything . 100yrs ago , einstein altered our view of the world 

" what woodrow wilson cost my grandfather " 
rt read this piece by gordon davis on princeton and the racist legacy of woodrow wilson , 
rt what woodrow wilson cost my grandfather 
the stuff they don't teach in history classes 
remember this is your history ... american history ... the foundation of what we see today ... 
what woodrow wilson cost my people : 1.5 million lives , by doing nothing to stop the 
i had no idea woodrow wilson fired , demoted people of color in govt . glad to be educated on the matter 
wilson would've fit right in with today's rs , with their constant dog-whistles of ' smaller govt ' 
who hears ' you are unable to properly perform ' more today ? see cost my grandfather 
the legacy , and personal tragedy , of woodrow wilson's white supremacist administration 
why the student protests at about woodrow wilson are right on target . 
what cost my grandfather 
my grandfather lost his prestigious job after president wilson segregated the government . 
rt woodrow wilson " believed in white supremacy as government policy . " that's why princeton students are protesting . https://… 
good article about woodrow wilson's racism affected a specific person : 

is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest 
breast feeding good for mothers , not just babies . " it's a win-win , " prof eleanor schwarz says 
breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies - 
from our fb : 
is good for mothers - not just babies - studies suggest : update 
is good for mothers , not just via 
new studies shed light on even more health benefits for moms who breastfeed . 
breastfeeding is good for mothers , not just babies , kaiser permanente study suggests 
" breast-feeding forces the breasts to finally grow up and get a job , and make milk (...)" 
new research : breastfeeding linked to lower risk of breast & ovarian cancers , type 2 diabetes & rheumatoid arthritis 
breast-feeding is good for mothers - lowering risk for breast and ovarian cancers , studies suggest via 
studies show that breast feeding reduces the risk of breast cancer and can correct insulin & blood sugar ... 
not the 1st time researchers have argued that breastfeeding is good for mothers via 
the fourth of pregnancy - restoring to longterm metabolic health via 
breast feeding is one of my favorite things about being a mommy , it's good for mom , not just babies via 
more good news about the preventive benefits of for women : 
health - the new york time breast-feeding is good for mothers , no … see more 
breast-feeding is good for not just studies suggest . via 
breast-feeding inhibits diabetes , cancers , heart attacks , and rheumatoid arthritis 
as it turns out , can be an important part of post-natal health for babies and 
spunky dr. says nursing " forces breasts to finally grow up and get a job ” 
rt " some scientists have started referring to breast-feeding as the “ fourth trimester ” of pregnancy that completes ... http … 
more research evidence that breastfeeding benefits moms too ! via 
studies suggest is good for mothers , not just babies . great news via 

randall munroe explains it all for us 
looking for a physics-cartoon-nonfiction expert ? here's on author randall munroe 
randall munroe's fans include bill gates and neil gaiman . his new book is " thing explainer . " 
absurd hypotheticals - explains it all for us 
randall munroe explains it all ( and simply ! ) in thing explainer , on sale now : 
alumnus randall munroe ' 06 is profiled in today's talking about his new book and how cool science is 
it sounds like everyone should get the " thing explainer . " lovely to have it all explained . 
randall munroe ( xkcd to most of us ) explains it all for us 
what would happen if a pitcher threw a baseball at 90% the speed of light ? 

cats to the rescue in 
twitter cats add levity to brussels lockdown 
twitter cats to the rescue in and they got 9 lives to keep it going ! 
rt this is maartje , a cat from ghent , belgium . she will not be intimidated . https://… 
good call ! 
rt my cat , i repeat , my cat , made it to the new york times . and she will noty be intimidated ! … 
rt of all the belgium lockdown twitter cats this may be my favorite . story here : … 
police : please don't tweet our location . belgians : cats . 
why isn't this story trending ? 
not sure what al siegal would say : open nyt story on cats in brussels , and screen filled by video ad -- for purina . 
fighting terror with cat photos in belgium . 
appreciating the bright side of social media in spite of tensions running high 
" the cats appeared with machine guns , french fries and beer to comfort the citizens of brussels ... " 

miami’s art world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood 
nice article on miami's little haiti--we're so excited to be visiting there next week ! 
miami's art world zooms-in little haiti as next hot spot . hello , gentrification . 
sokol spills the beans : 54th to 71st , biscayne to i95 : is art hotspot 
signs of little haiti’s impending transformation are everywhere . 
rt the sets its sights on arts neighborhood 
miami's art world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood 
crux of our music , informs our art , informs our lives . miami’s art world , little haiti 
miami’s world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood 

nets ' disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
nets and celtics ; some things never change 
wrote a column about the sad fortunes of broooklyn .... broooklyn 
boo hoo , brooklyn : 
dating single on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting w ... 
it could always be worse ... a lot worse : 
great story idea , but man is it over-written 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps … 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting … 

officer charged in death of black teenager 
" chicago officer charged in death of black teenager " by monica davey and mitch smith via n … 
officer is charged w murder a year later because video of shooting is pending release . what would happen w/o video ? 
the charges against officer jason van dyke were announced days after a judge ordered the release of a video showin … 
breaking news : with chicago set to release video of a black youth’s death , a police officer was charged with murder 
cop indicted for killing black youth only after judge orders release of video . do all lives really matter ? 
justice ! but can't we wait till 11/30 2release video ?! chicago officer chrgd in death of black teen 
rt county prosecutor charges white chicago police officer with 1st degree murder in shooting of black 17-year-old … 
this poor kid never had chance was assasination&w/cops intimatelyaware , clearly w/intent 
rt chicago , il officer charged with murder for shooting death of 17-year-old laquan mcdonald 
rt chicago policeman charged with 1st-degree murder in black teen's death , day b4 dashcam video release . … 
chicago officer charged with murder after hollywood ny self righteous badge mindset killing of malign malanin teen 
chicago paid $500m in police settlements this decade . imagine if we had spent that money on our $500m pension gap 
physical entity physical entity charged in entity of black living thing 

pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel 
pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel - looks delicious ! 
"" by unknown author via nyt 

the 911 system isn’t ready for the iphone era 
the 911 system is not ready for the iphone era 
rt in op-ed , fcc's wheeler calls for federal funding to help 911 centers upgrade to handle texts , photos … 
mt 911 emergency system established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more at 10/11c . 
rt the 911 emergency system was established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more a … 
the 911 emergency system was established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more at 10/11c . 
. chairman tom wheeler calls on congress to help states update an antiquated 911 system : 
" 911 handle about 240 million calls a year [ .. ] but many local 911 call centers can’t receive a text , photo or video " 
911 isn't fully ready for what the world expects , is it ? nena - national emergency number association's oped ... 
the 911 system isn't ready for the iphone era - new york times 
the system isn’t ready for the era 
the 911 system isn’t ready for the internet era 
fcc chairman , tom wheeler , wrote a great ' plain english ' op-ed about the next years ahead for 9-1-1 . today in the ne … 
i like this idea very much : the 911 system isn’t ready ... 
opinion | the 911 system isn’t ready for the era - the new york times 
the system isn’t ready for the iphone era 
very important read : 
article from the 911 system isn’t ready for the era 
nyt op ed by on ( spoiler alert ! he's for it . ) 
" many local 911 call centers can’t receive a text , photo or video from a person in need " 
this is a big reason why nys ought to be returning more of the 911phone surcharge funds back to local government . 
we're working to bring next generation 911 solutions like tex t-t o-911 to our community , but we're not there yet .... 
rt the 911 system isn’t ready for the era 
so true : 911 system isn't ready for the smartphone era : 
rt seems like a clearly right idea in today's fcc chairman tom wheeler on how we need to update 911 … 

getting ugly produce onto tables so it stays out of trash 
would you eat ugly produce ? via 
american wasteland's jonathan bloom on making use of ugly produce , via 
edible , but ugly did u see ? in today ! go uglyfood !!! 
great to see cover and highlight massive issue of food waste ! 
nytimes figures out what sustainable lafayette knew several months ago ... imperfect produce rocks ! if you order ... 
rt a start-up for " cosmetically challenged " fruit and vegetables from the bay area , where all produce is beloved . … 
great story on reducing the cost of fresh produce by selling 
reduce 
food and wine top story : getting ugly produce onto tables so it stays out of tr … see more 
rt looks have nothing to do w . taste . amazing csa that brings “ ugly ” produce to save them from being binned . https://… 
my author & his book american wasteland in abt preventing waste of ugly fruits & vegs 

women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
rt inside isis : great revelatory piece .. dont miss it : 
life in raqqa , capital of isis 
and enforcers in recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
rt first in-depth look at life of 3 syrian women in raqaa under isis , including as part of its all-female moral brigade htt … 
i would encourage everyone to read the wonderful piece on isis women for the nytimes 
women of is seek power , status , money ; use org for petty disagreements ; leave when personally inconvenienced . 
if isis achieves their goals of taking over the world her i s a glimpse of what life would be like 
fantastic read from on the women who marry into isis to save their families : 
intriguing article from the times 
give dua the same lashes as her " friends " had in front of her 
rt how three women survived the islamic state , and then escaped . 
rt heartbreaking story of what happens to the lives of women who become isis moral police . as with every form of ... http … 
we are not so full of evil as of inanity , nor so wretched as we are base . 
amazing reporting . the reality for women under hard choices and collaboration 
such a great read . 😱 
how women went from tattoos , bikinis and parties to become morality police members 
rt 3 excellent articles on isis and women : 2 ) sobering nyt piece on the experience of two women stuck in syria . … 
rt what a 21st century reads like . isis women enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish , escape … 
rt fascinating story about the mundane transition of three normal syrian girls into isis enforcers in raqqa … 
the article i was viewing : 
sad story but it is a great read ! anguish and escape 
“ they never let you forget that you’ve had to leave your country ” amazing story of 3 women who escaped is/fled syria 
some isis women who were morality enforcers recount collaboration , anguish and escape 

“ the race is on between isis and al qaeda to see who can attack the west the best " paris attacks and shift by isis 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ‘ external ’ targets , officials say 
attacks and other assaults seen as evidence of a shift by isis 
. was quoted in a article about what we've learned in the aftermath of the attacks on paris 
the attacks in paris and elsewhere signal a shift in the strategy of the islamic state . 
what is missing in all media's report and analyisis about daesh is their cultic nature and how do they brainwash ... 
rt paris attacks , beirut bombings and downed russian airliner seen as evidence of a shift by isis 
important : intercepted communications suggest islamic state " central " directed paris and beirut attacks . 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ' external ' targets , officials say 
rt western intelligence abandons former belief that isis was only focused on controlling the muslim world … 
rt paris attack was coordinated by isis spokesman abu muhammad al-adnani , who has directly threatened canada . … 
were the attacks on paris , the russian plane , lebanon , etc ., evidence of a shift in isis tactics ? 
rt abu muhammad al-adnani has a $5mm bounty on his head . officials say he's chief of global ops . 
rt an analysis of isis videos found that russia was threatened the most , more times even than france . http … 
recent attacks in paris ... were the 1st results of a centrally planned terrorism campaign by ... the [ isis ] leadership 
paris attacks and other assaults seen as evidence of a shift by adnani now has a $5 million bounty on his head 
top story : paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ‘ external ’ t … see more 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution say this what happens in the face of weakness 
rt isis evolution to ' external ' targets ... 
paris attacksother assaults seen as evidence of shift by isis -the new york times al adnani , isis esteri 

are you paying attention ? the developments in the east have the potential to change our world . 
turkish f16s shoot down warplane near syrian border : military official 
turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military official 
" turkey downs warplane near syria border , russia denies airspace violation " by reuters via nyt 
downs near border , denies violation 
turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military official : turkish f-16 ... 
turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military official : turkish f-16 fighter jets shot ... 
( turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military offici ... ( shaquille ) 

" ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations " 
rt poor baby thinks it's the media's fault he's dumb . ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations https : … 
the vulgar , personal attacks are actually ben carson quotes : supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations 
ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks on his absurdist lies in seeking donations via 
who chairs the ben carson-aligned superpac ? john philip sousa iv 
first draft : ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donation ... 
first draft : ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar’… 

turkey shoots down military plane near syria border 
turkish fighter jets shot down a military plane close to the syrian border on tuesday 

a side serving of science for your next birthday party 
" a side serving of science for your next birthday party " by james gorman via nyt science 
a side serving of for your next birthday party thanks 
watching popping balloons with a high = speed camera : 

6,000 years of human natural selection in europe . 
rt culture shapes our genes ; fantastic new evidence via & via … 
agriculture linked to dna changes in ancient europe 
linked to changes in ancient 
scientists link agriculture to dna changes in ancient europe ( altering height , digestion , immune system , skin color ) 
rt linked to changes in ancient 
nytimesworld : rt carlzimmer : icymi , here’s my story on 6,000 years of human natural selection in europe . … 
this is fascinating . basically shows 8,500 years of natural selection at work in humans in europe 

thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right 
for college kids , coming home at thanksgiving is a choice . how to make it one they're glad they made : 
thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right - ny times 
kids ' visits from college aren't the last vestige of childhood , but first moments of adulthood . 
mt sharing sentiments , just off the phone ... nytimes : thanksgiving , with college students 
college kids coming home for first time ? make the visit work : 
for those students home for bridge your family expectations and your student reality : 
are your college kids coming home for thanksgiving ? this may help you handle the highs and lows of their return . 
for those with children in university or college returning for the holidays , this is a great read ! 
thanksgiving with your college student ... 
the counter : filthy . the laundry : in the entry . the glasses ? all gone . your kid is home from college : 
listen closely & you'll hear your own voice here// thanksgiving w college students : fantasy , reality 
too hilarious for words . " thanksgiving with college students : fantasy , reality , & getting it right " v 
rt newly minted college students , adult in their minds and kids to their parents , are coming home . how to cope : … 

adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer , dies at 90 
rt " the point of no return came when she told him that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " why mailer … 
i was going to be that beautiful temptress who ate men alive , flossed her teeth and spit out the bones adele mailer 
rt nyt obit for adele mailer , who then-husband norman mailer stabbed after she said he wasn't as good as dostoyevsky … 
wow . lives to 90 and most of adele mailer's obit is about the guy who stabbed her 55 years ago . 
" the point of no return came when she told her husband that he was not as good as dostoyevsky " 
married to mailer , inspired by " carmen " : “ you lived from crisis to crisis , sang love duets and had screaming fights ” 
adele mailer , artist who wed norman mailer , dies 
nytimesarts : rt hellernyt : married to mailer , inspired by " carmen " : “ you lived from crisis to crisis , sang love du … 
at least he came to realize he had to appear contrite ? norman mailer , on stabbing his wife : 
" the point of no return came when she told him that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " why mailer stabbed his wife . 
" i decided i was going to be that beautiful temptress who ate men alive , flossed her teeth and spit out the bones " 
that time norman mailer stabbed his wife in the heart and never served a day in jail for it 
rt norman mailer stabs his wife , tells judge : “ naturally i have been a little upset ... " . what an assho … 
rip adele mailer . “ after he died " ... all she could say was , ‘ he was a monster ’" 
mailer stabs wife while wearing a ruffled matador shirt , tells court " i insist i am sane . " the judge disagreed . 
rip adele mailer . " the point of no return came when she told him he was not as good as dostoyevsky " 
adele mailer , rip : 
mailer stabbed her in the stomach and back with a penknife , puncturing her cardiac sac . 
mrs. mailer taunted her husband , deriding his manhood , [ telling him ] he was not as good as dostoyevsky . 
ginsberg and podhoretz got into a fight and had to be separated . 
rt norman mailer's wife said he wasn't as good a writer as so he stabbed her . true story . … 
norman mailer stabs his wife , tells judge : “ naturally i have been a little upset ... " . what an asshole , good riddance . 
brilliant adele mailer obit : " the point of no return came when she told her husband he wasn't as good as dostoyevsky " 
the relationship , replete with affairs and stabbing , was stormy . adele , married to norman mailer , dies at 90 
adele mailer , 90 , artist , actress , wife and stabbing victim of norman mailer : “ adele morales was an aspiring pain … 
artist who was married to norman mailer for > 10 yrs gets an obit that references him in every paragraph : 

rt breaking news : putin calls turkey’s downing of a russian fighter jet near the syrian border a “ stab in the back ” … 
shoots down russian warplane near syrian border 
rt turkish fighter jets shot down a military plane close to the syrian border on tuesday … 
turkey breeder excelled , using gene science & subsequently bred killer big bird 
rt downs plane has destabilized world thanks … 
what a wretched way to die : " one pilot was shot as he drifted to the ground in his parachute " 
rt last week , turkey summoned the russian ambassador to discuss the bombing of turkmen villages ht … 
military plane shot down near syria border , turkey says 
conflicting reports about the fate of two russian pilots shot down by turkish fighter jets 
rt shoots down plane . for insight on implications for & more contact us : https … 
rt off to my survival bunker . best of luck to you all . " turkey shoots down russian warplane " https :/ … 
rt turkey shoots down military plane near the syrian border 
beware ! turkeys are getting revenge this thanksgiving ! 
rt the turks respond strongly to russian provocations ; the kremlin downplays it . a lesson for western statesmen . … 
rt seems to have zapped plane near the border with fate of pilots , diplomatic relations dim https … 
this doesn't look good : shoots down near 
rt putin responds unusually quickly for a crisis . his pointed remarks set the tone for a tense confrontation over jet . htt … 
rt stunning . turkey claims to have shot down a russian jet . russia only acknowledges that one has crashed in syria . https … 
so ... what happened to russian pilot ? if turks . kurds don't retrieve him he'll star on television . 
las noticias internacionales military plane shot down near syria border , turkey … see more 
turks down russian warplane near syrian border in russian stab in the back probably translates to business as usual 
not sure if this is good or bad , but it is hard to believe what russia says about not crossing borders given crimea 
rt turkey shoots down military plane near syria border 

" what does marco rubio actually think about syrian refugees ? " 

( errors cited in u.s. airstrike on doctors without borders hospital ( 
rt pentagon says it hit wrong target in kunduz hospital attack . needs to say that hosp w patients … 
us inquiry into msf kunduz bombing finds multiple errors , still doesn't explain 75 mins of attacks . 
multiple errors cited in us airstrike on hospital : crew hit wrong compound , relied only on verbal description 
pentagon says it hit wrong target in kunduz hospital attack . needs to say that hosp w patients must never be hit . 
errors cited in u.s. airstrike on doctors without borders … 
u.s. military report on 10/3 murders during airstrike on doctors without borders hospital in kabul is patently false . 
the airstrike that destroyed a doctors without borders hospital last month was the result of multiple errors 
military officials briefed on the inquiry into the destruction of the hospital in kunduz , afghanistan , said the target had been a compound believed to be a taliban base . 

extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 decades 
600k deaths over the course of 20 years attributed to extreme weather . 
extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 20 years = total u.s vehicle deaths 
extreme weather tied to over 600000 deaths over 2 decades - new york … via 
extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over two decades via 
report : extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths and $1.9 trillion in damage over 2 decades 
rt un report : weather disasters injured 4.1 bn people in last 20 yrs , caused trillions in damage , and will keep rising https … 
new study cites terrible human , financial cost of induced severe weather : 
600,000 deaths laid to weather 
according to extreme weather is tied to over 600,000 deaths over two decades via 
top story extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 deca … see more 
extreme weather tied to more than 600,000 deaths over 2 decades - 
rt a u . n . -backed climate meeting starts next monday in paris . more than 120 national leaders are set to attend … 
extreme tied to over 600,000 deaths over two decades , via - 
rt the u.n. is warning that the frequency and impact of weather-related disasters will rise 

" putting the chicken before the egg " 
if , like me , you want your eggs from chickens who run around and enjoy the fjords all day , this is for you 
pastured eggs are one of the fastest-growing category of eggs in america today , as per the 
pasture-raised in the ! 
a growing market for pastured eggs from 
americans are learning to put the ( health of the ) chicken before the egg , so to speak : 
the best thing about chickens is you don’t have to herd them nyt : // i did not know this 
pastured eggs are on the rise ! take a look into this parental lesson turned pastured egg farm . 
growth in consumer awareness re : hens living conditions due 2 undercover videos . thanks ! 
revelation from humane farming : " the best thing about chickens is you don't have to herd them . " 
looks like a pasture raised success story ... 
we like to see news about animals on pasture .... why it is news , i am not sure , as it is the most natural thing in ... 
2nd article this a.m. making me want to run away , back to the country : i miss my chickens . 
putting the matter before the reproductive cell 
putting the pastured chicken before the egg via 
raising hens that have access to open pastures ? what an eggcellent idea 
" the best thing about chickens is you don’t have to herd them . " … pastured 
pastured eggs have made it into mainstream media ! 
our " local " eggs make the big time ! we've eaten these for years , visited the farm and met the family . omg so good . 
cleaner eggs are hatching everywhere . 

rt fmr benghazi investigator suing for firing him and making false statements about it : v … 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and trey gowdy 
fmr benghazi investigator suing for firing him and making false statements about it : via 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader 
rt fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader 
rt podliska , fired from benghazi cmte for not attacking is suing to be reinstated : … 
" fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader " by michael s . schmidt via 
rt fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : … 
podliska , fired from benghazi cmte for not attacking is suing to be reinstated : via 
fired living thing sues construction benghazi organisation and its living thing 
fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : via 

" his life , consumed by gambling , disintegrated to where he considered suicide . " 
addicts , fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
for addicts , daily fantasy sports sites can lead to a ruinous path [ via 
daily fantasy sport sites took his latent gambling problem to the brink of suicide 
new york times article/video on daily fantasy sports and gambling problems 
rt to those with addiction , daily fantasy sports looks a lot like gambling 
for those struggling with gambling fantasy sites can lead to a ruinous path via 
for addicts , fantasy sports sites can lead to ruinous path - 
for fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
while fanduel and draftkings are thriving ... more patients of gambling ? 
for gambling addicts , fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
are fantasy sports sites feeding gambling 
mass ag says draft kings is game of skill that needs regulation . ny ag disagrees . what say you ? 
really think sports not gambling lol 
nytimes , " for [ gambling ] addicts , fantasy [ sports ] sites can lead to ruinous path " : 
draftkings now warns playing fantasy sports could be a “ stress-inducer . ” but the word “ gambling ” does not appear > 
this article was a great advert for gambling anonymous .. show the extreme and the not so obvious is unveiled ... 

" in praise of the good enough holiday " 
" that which is recorded on the heart is , alas , not instagrammable . " 
i know this is just some other bs nyt think-piece about the state of humankind in the modern world , but it's good -> 
has social media killed our entertaining buzz ? 

rt moving portraits of paris victims : 
most of the people killed in the attacks in paris were young and out having fun . here are some of their stories . 
some of the stories of those who died in the paris terrorist attacks 
rt victims of the paris attacks 
- the new york times 
victims , remembered 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : paris victims , remembered see more 
rt paris victims , remembered 
most of the people killed in the attacks in paris were young and out having fun .… 
most of the people killed in the attacks in paris were young and out having … 
take a moment to the victims " i will not allow my grief to turn into hatred . " -victim's husband 
victims get a name & story on victims & others are just a number . 
at least 130 people were killed nov . 13 . they included an architect , an american college student , an algerian viol … 
at least 130 people were killed in terrorist attacks on nov . 13 in here are some of their stories . 

thanksgiving flight patterns 
surprising thanksgiving flight patterns : [[ this is a content summary only . visit my website … 
pumpkin pie in miami : thanksgiving flight patterns 
rt want to avoid talking to your family at thanksgiving ? this map will buy you 10 minutes . … 
fun data viz from shows that everyone is apparently flying to florida , hawaii , and vegas for thanksgiving . 
some cool stats on where us citizens fly for thanksgiving . 

trump’s shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches 
rt trump's ambiguity often allows people to see different things in his remarks , such as the muslim registry … 
i never thought anyone could exceed george bush in their belief they haven't made any mistakes , are never wrong ,... 
verbal shortcuts-generalities to dodge questions-trip up trump's campaign . 
" trump has never apologized or acknowledged a mistake . someone else is always to blame . " donald trump , liberal . 
activities . 
donald trump's shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches - new york times 
good salespeople don't actually behave like this , 
rt donald trump is essentially the platonic ideal of mansplaining . 
i never thought i'd be tweeting an article that takes him seriously shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches 
i really dislike this kind of reporting : - trump's complete lack of credible policies is treated as savviness 
turkey shoots down military plane near syria border 
rt great forensic examination of " some of donald j . trump’s favorite ways to deal with a difficult question " … 
donald trump’s shortcuts & salesmanlike stretches : someone else is almost always to blame 

targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs 
regulating reliability of laboratory tests : harm unknown because adverse events not tracked . 
fda targets inaccurate medical tests . 
fda targets inaccurate medical tests : " problems are more prevalent than people want to recognize , " 
twitter doctors f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests , citing d … see more 
" targets inaccurate tests , citing dangers and costs , " as thousands get unnecessary operations & 
ldt issue reaches article seems to assert fda regulation of ldts is inevitable 
inaccurate lab tests may prompt abortions & unneeded surgery , says 
f.d.a. targets inaccurate citing dangers and costs 
targets inaccurate tests manufactured & used w/in a single lab- rhodium assists clients in compliance . 
targets inaccurate citing and 
" false positive " testing worse than no testing at all 
fda targets inaccurate and unreliable medical tests : 
targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers & costs . by false positives and negatives 
rt overuse & over interpretation of medical tests rampant in our culture fda cracking down on poor … 
overuse & over interpretation of medical tests rampant in our culture fda cracking down on poor performers 
it seems as if almost every day i read something more distressing about healthcare in the us . is our system in ... 
some faulty tests lead to is that the only reason might give more oversight of them ? 
rt " the right regulation would separate good from bad tests and encourage use of the better ones . " 

syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven in michigan 
" we didn’t cross illegally , ” he said . he threw his hands in the air . “ we went through hell to get here . ” 
syrian refugees are not terrorists . shutting them out is just mean-spirited bigotry . 
a chill grips a michigan haven for syrian families 
no matter yr take on the issue , you should know what it's like to actually be a syrian refugee in the us : 
i grew up , peacefully , in suburban detroit amid refugees from iraq/iran . why are arab refugees suddenly a threat ? 
insight into what it really takes to come here as a syrian refugee . chill grips a michigan haven for syrian families 
rt michigan is home to nearly 200 syrian refugees . this family arrived last week . … 
rt tannercurtis : michigan is home to nearly 200 syrian refugees . this family arrived last week . … 
share this story by on syrian refugees in us with people on both sides of the issue : 
sawyerbrendan : good nytimes read why should remain open for business/welcome those fleeing violence like … 
good read why should remain open for business/welcome those fleeing violence like that of 
in michigan , syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven 
ouch nyt : in detroit suburbs refugees trade mideast war 4 cold winters , strip malls&houses as uniform asmonopoly pces 
writes a fantastic , heartbreaking article on syrian in michigian : 
a grips a haven for 
< " we didn’t cross illegally , ” he said . he threw his hands in the air . “ we went through hell to get here . " > 
" they said , ‘ we’ll send you to michigan ' ... they told us it’s very beautiful . " it is . 
according to the n york times the us has acceptet 1.800 syrian refugees since october 2014 . 
rt syrian refugees face distrust in michigan , once a haven for displaced families . … 
new york times - usa - growing unease in a longtime u.s. haven for syrians - 
housing , food and most importantly cigarettes and ipads ? plenty of $ for pressure cooker and all things syrian 

our analysis of pledges in elegant interactive from 
the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
echoing green top story : the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anyth … see more 
the climate change pledges are in . how do they add up ? 
rt the pledges are in , will they fix anything ? … 
without the pledges , global temperatures would likely jump more than 8ºf by 2100 . 
rt what countries have pledged before the climate talks in paris start next week : … 
ending fossil fuel extraction is the best way to reduce emissions . the next president needs to 
scale of the task facing vividly illustrated by this nyt interactive 
summarizes co2 emissions pledge for the — simulation data by & 
great easy to follow graphic report on the climate change pledges vs prior goals . 
the co2 emission pledges are in : not enough to limit the damage to earth's life support system 
> chart shows global pledges = 6°f warming ' sted of 8°f . 
rt the climate change pledges are in . they are still not good enough . 
another great visualization by nytimes in climate change pledges 
the emissions goal countries agreed to in 2010 was to limit the temperature increase to 3.6 ºf . the new ones ? 6.3 ºf 
interactive graph showing the affect of climate change pledges by and 
the nyt has created an interesting , though terrifying , graphic . true , 200 ... 
rt carbon dioxide reduction : the gap between what countries have pledged , and what the goal is https : … 
climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? nyt fail ? 
rt new interactive feature from ny times : the change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
countries are pledging to reduce emissions , but will those promises stop the warming ? this data viz says no 
great coverage of and for those who dont know what these acronyms mean ! 
pledges still over the needed 2c to avoid catastrophic climate change . not rational ! 
interactive from the pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 

françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the french president arrived in washing ... 
françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the french president arrived in washington just ove ... 
françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the french president arrived in ... read now ! 
נυиισя™ françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the french president arrived in washington just o ... 

protestors shot at a closing borders won't help if the enemy is within . 
5 are shot near minneapolis protests . police search for three white men wearing masks . 
5 activists were shot by white supremicists near a minneapolis police station : 
5 are shot near minneapolis protests , police say 
5 protestor shot in minneapolis , police say 
meanwhile in america : 3 white males sought as 5 are shot near minneapolis protests 
this hurts my heart . 
5 are shot at protests , 
5 shot " near " protest . i'm sure the passive , random tone of this headline is unintentional . 😑 
5 shot at minneapolis protest , by 

science is so cool . great story in on the amazing things scientists are doing to fight malaria : 
engineering mosquitoes ’ genes to resist 
nytimes science gene drive mosquitoes malaria 
engineering to resist 
here's a scary one : shall we use nature as one giant gmo laboratory ? who cares if it involves some 3rd world ... 
a new mosquito to defeat 
curing malaria by genetically engineered mosquitoes 
now these are some mosquitoes we can get behind to help eradicate malaria . 
a that they hope will help eradicate from the world ?!? yes !! finally !! 
check this out ! engineering mosquitoes ’ to resist 
eliminating malaria and 600k deaths/year . 
altering mosquito to fight ( and etc ) 
engineering genes to resist 
very dangerous ! 
rt gene drive technology could eliminate malaria : pnas open-access paper : 
we just can't wait for this solution to be rolled out on large scale 
engineering mosquitoes ' genes to resist malaria - new york times 
scientists have created a mosquito breed resistant to malaria . could eradicate the disease the world over . 

a car dealers won’t sell : it’s electric 
via why car salesmen don’t want to sell electric cars 
did you know that " car salesman " is still a profession ? 
must read via why it's ixnay on evs at car dealers 
car dealers steering people away from electric vehicles : 
why won't car dealers sell electric cars to customers ? 
car dealers are showing scant enthusiasm for putting consumers into electric cars , despite large fan clubs and governmental pledges . 

when a bag is based on math 
when is based on the new 
oh , math , you used to be so cool . i thought we had this ' thing ' . now you've sold out and gone corporate . 

frozen lion cubs still have their fur 12,000 years later 
there is a place called the kingdom of permafrost museum ..! i want to visit . 
a furry pair of lion cubs born in the ice age have been found " perfectly frozen " in the siberian arctic 
frozen lion cubs found in siberia still have their fur 12,000 years later 
cute little cave lion , only 12,000 years old : 
frozen lion cubs still have their fur 12000 years later - new york times 

" holiday travelers facing tougher security measures " 
the new york times : credible information about a threat in the united states similar to the pa ... 

joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? ( apologies if the firewall intervenes ) 
joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? there aren't many laughs in a death cult 
dear twitter : reveals need to celebrate of cc 
i want to read a profile of randy souther 
and sometimes it's better when an author stays off twitter . see this ? 
joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ' joyous ' in isis ? - 
hah ! daesh might want to consider recruiting joyce carol oates . oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
the author was criticized after she posed a question on twitter about the islamic state . 
joyce carol oates faces backlash on twitter following tweet : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
joyce carol oates . .. gore vidal : " the three most dispiriting words in the english language are joyce carol oates . 
joyce carol oates & isis if some thoughts are taboo , then we can only explore the local minima and maxima of ideas . 
joyce carol oates on is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
" randy souther , who has written about ms. oates for 20 years and started a scholarly journal focused on her work " 
" there is no joy in isis , " the mighty hath spoke out 
you deserve this 4 signing the anti-hebdo letter this year . you simply don't express yourself well . 
ny times reporting on jco isis tweets , money quote from douthat . self-parody , or are we just a monstrous society ? 
questions are critical . unfettered inquiry is the only force that can oppose poisonous ideology : 

men who shot 5 black lives matter demonstrators were wearing body armor , witness says 
gunmen shoot 5 at minneapolis black lives matter protest 
rt kind of crazy minneapolis isn't trending , this news is ridiculous 
rt domestic terrorism : gunmen shoot 5 people at protest . 
3 white guys with bulletproof vests one block from the 4th pct ? : gunmen shoot 5 at minn . black lives matter protest 
why was there no times " breaking news " alert for this mass shooting at the blm protest in mn ? 
rt white supremacists shoot 5 protesters . cops mace protesters . shooters still at large . … 
rt bad portent : 5 shot at black lives matter protest in minneapolis . police looking for 3 white suspects . … 
gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of police in minneapolis 
ny times newtop story : gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of police in m … see more 
quezada post : gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of police in minneapolis see more 
gunmen shoot 5 at black lives matter protest 
look at these pieces of human garbage at a trump rally . also 
rt white supremacists shot 5 activists at minneapolis protests last night … 
we're so used to domestic terrorism that we barely recognize it . 
rt prayers and solidarity for the people injured and people still protesting at 
rt armed white supremacy is the terrorist threat america must confront . everything else is a distraction . … 
rt 3 masked white men target protestors & shoot 5 people ... why isn't this frontpage news everywhere ? https … 
heartbroken and enraged yet again . please humanity , we can do better !!! 
gunmen shoot 5 at minneapolis protest 
gunmen shoot 5 protestors last night 
rt white supremacists shot protestors in minneapolis . i have no words . 
if we let syrian refugees in , we run the risk of gunmen perpetrating paris-style terror attacks in american cities 
rt gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of police in minneapolis if the police don't shoot , racists … 
rt i have nothing to say today that is more important than what is happening in minneapolis . 
gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of police in minneapolis if the police don't shoot , racists will . wtf ? 
rt 5 shot at by white supremacists . and i'm told that me and my people are the problem . https :/ … 
" ms. noor said that groups of men had been showing up to the demonstrations and “ acting shady ” since friday .... 
rt " five people were shot and wounded monday night near a police precinct in minneapolis where demonstrators have ... https://… 
to me , faint echoes of greensboro in 1979 

john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against islamic state in syr 
. outlines latest debate within the administration on defeating and hopes for a cease-fire in 
john kerry visited a mosque on monday in abu dhabi and urged for a bigger push against isis . 
john kerry urging bigger push against islamic state in syria - the new york times 
nytimesworld : john kerry visited a mosque on monday in abu dhabi and urged for a bigger push against isis . … 
diplomatic memo : john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push … 
diplomatic memo : john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against islamic state in … 

rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold . more photos from monday … 
rt a soldier patrolled an empty mall in brussels on monday . much of the city was closed … 
pictures of the day : belgium and more 
rt photos of the day 
photos of the day from 
rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold in the north of the country https … 
rt pictures of the day : 

as sabotage blacks out crimea , tatars prevent repairs 
rt tatar activists block access to fallen power lines 
just as we started to tame the beast , we shoot down his plane and cut off his power - 
read on crimean tatars as part of activist movement amid new tensions between russia and ukraine . 
rt " crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines " by ivan nechepurenko via nyt 
the always forgotten and by suppressed minority of uses black out to make themselves heard 
🆘as sabotage blacks out terrorists prevent repairs‼️ 
as blacks out prevent repairs 
sunday , saboteurs knocked out power for millions in crimea . monday , tatar and ukrainian nationalists blocked repairs 
as sabotage blacks out prevent repairs 
the cutoff of electricity to crimea is stoking tensions on the " border " with ukraine . by 
crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines : moscow — crimean tatar activists and ukrainian nat ... 
rt neilmacfarquhar : tatar activists block access to fallen power lines 
crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines ( new york times ) ( 1301 gmt ) 

this is what happens when there are no laws restricting labor practices . 
nestle reports on abuses in thailand’s seafood industry 
a report by nestlé cataloged widespread labor and human rights abuses in thailand's seafood industry . 
endslaverynow " nestle reports on abuses in thailand’s seafood industry " 
" nestlé reports on abuses in thailand’s seafood industry " 
rt awareness is the 1st step . ❌ -- nestlé reports on abuses in thailand’s seafood industry : … 
“ sometimes , the net is too heavy , and workers get pulled into the water and just disappear . ” 
. reports on abuses in industry 
grim report on thailand’s seafood industry 
new report from nestlé covers anew the widespread labor and human rights abuses in thailand's seafood industry . 
rt the seafood industry in thailand suffers from widespread labor and human rights abuses , according to a nestlé report h … 
nestle shows real corporate responsibility 
report resleased by nestlé on horrendous abuses in thailand’s seafood industry 
china cuts mobile service of xinjiang residents evading internet filters 
rt most of thailand’s seafood workers are migrants , brought into the country by traffickers . http … 
glad to see tackle this sad issue . nestlé reports on abuses in thailand’s industry 
rt world's largest food company says all seafood companies in thailand exposed to sea slavery . https :/ … 
rt nestlé finds slave labor , human trafficking , & abuses in thailand’s seafood industry ; fancy feast faces litigation : http … 
nestlé reports seafood industry in thailand suffers from widespread labor and human rights abuses 
a report by nestlé cataloged widespread labor and human rights abuses in th … 
a report by nestlé cataloged widespread labor and human rights abuses in thailan … 
rt news coverage highlights worst findings . full report more nuanced . but kudos to nestlé for going public on this one . http … 
" awareness is the 1st step . ❌ -- nestlé reports on abuses in thailand’s seafood indu … " 

rt portrait in ben carson's home depicting him with jesus really rounds out the nyt profile … 
with ben carson , the doctor and the politician can v 
rt when ben carson speaks , are you hearing from a gifted neurosurgeon , or a conservative politician ? … 
when ben carson speaks , are you hearing from a gifted neurosurgeon , or a conservative politician ? via 
with the and the can vary sharply 
the two sides of ben carson 
interesting , well-researched & reported article on the enigma that is 
rt in profile of carson , brilliant surgeon , and mine the inexplicable complexity of being human … 
with the doctor and the politician can vary sharply 
omg . ben carson believes in god , doesn't believe in evolution , and is soft on vaccines . the horror ! 
ben carson and i have something in common beside the fact neither of us should be president . i don't swear either - 
a little bit about ben carson prior to his presidential campaign : 
dr. ben , doctor and the politician can vary sharply dr. ben , presidential candidates don't get treated like gods 
ben carson has a portrait of him and jesus on his wall at home - 
rt with ben carson , doctor & politician can vary sharply with a cameo from a former r … 
rt . the doctor v . the candidate . ( via and … 
important read with regard to one of the political dwarf's - sleep or dopey - not sure . 
rt wait you're not telling us ? what did a duck say ?! 
ny times politics newtop story : with ben carson , the doctor and the politician … see more 
“ when he walked around hopkins , he was like god . ” long before politics , ben carson was med students ' idol : 
nytimes : hospital colleagues see 2 carsons 
ben carson appears lucid in nyt interview on science vs . ideology . 
inside story of career is not so glittering as it's made out to be — as this article reveals this 
rt a possible ' rosebud ' here about where obsession w pc began : his removal as hopkins grad speaker … 
at home , ben carson has " a painting of dr. carson in a lab coat next to jesus , who has his arm on carson’s shoulder " : 
with ben carson , doctor & politician can vary sharply with a cameo from a former resident 
on the connection between ben carson the candidate and ben carson the neurosurgeon 
pro and con . more failed outcomes than you would expect . 
rt ben carson as surgeon : " he was like god . " on carson the surgeon vs carson the politician . https :/ … 
would the real ben carson please standup 
nytpolitics : rt tripgabriel : a possible ' rosebud ' here about where realbencarson's obsession w pc began : his remov … 

a look at mauricio macri , president-elect of argentina and massive freddie mercury fan by 
mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presi ... 
mauricio took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency 
macri : from business to soccer to politics . 
should read this one ( rand among his favs ! ) macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency 
macri's election a big deal , but peronists have only held the presidency for 33% of last 4 decades , contra the nyt 
mauricio took detour from life as scion to presidency 
at boca juniors macri first displayed his preference for working in teams and mediating between quarrelling parties 
macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency - new york times 
argentina's president-elect says being kidnapped in 1991 put him on path to politics . a profile : 
an important election 
rt pesonaindon mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presi ... 

your tuesday briefing 
your tuesday briefing , via 
rt paris aftermath , pfizer deal , new england patriots - . 
" aftermath , via 
check out this roundup : lots to choose from 
your paris aftermath , pfizer deal , new england patriots 

kobani , syria , is trying now to overcome the deep scars of war and rebuild 
town of kobani , scarred by isis , strives to rebuild 
town of scarred by strives to rebuild - 
nearly 12 million syrians have been " displaced " by the civil war , over 4 million outside syria . here's why . 
rt town of scarred by isis , strives to rebuild 
it's amazing that civilians stayed in kobani , and are still there . 

carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
" ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to presid … 
carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president via 
ben ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
first draft : ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to ... 
first draft : ben carson's ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
the 1st doc quoted is my doc and what he says is part of why i respect him so greatly . 
first draft : ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transiti ... unete a 
first draft : carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition ... 
news " ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition … 
first draft : carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed … 
" carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president " … 
" carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president " by steve eder and pam b … 

no texas , you do not have ownership over a woman's body . 
sues texas in dispute over funding for clinics 
sues in dispute over for clinics 
calling state's action politically motivated , sues over funding for clinics 
the inevitable result of cutting funds for women’s reproductive health . cc 
what year is this ? 100,000 + texas women attempt self-induced abortions , state tries to cut access even further . 
sues in dispute over funding for clinics 
the group called the action by texas , which has some of the toughest abortion restrictions ... 

pecan pie truffles 
i need these ! 
this recipe is a stroke of genius . is my new fav person . 

endangered white rhino nola dies at ... | 
taking time to watch the video made the sad news easier - nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
3 white rhino left on the earth !! death at san diego safari park 
so sad . rip nola . 
this is devastating news . endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park ( liam stack / new york times ) 
only 3 northern white rhinoceroses left on earth 
endangered white rhino dies at zoo safari park - only 3 nothrn white rhinos left 
and now there are only three . " endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park poaching , " civil " wars , human indifference . rip nola 
sure , when it is a white rhino , the media cares . 
nola , one of only four known northern white rhinoceroses , died on sunday at the san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left in the world : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left ... blows my mind endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park - new york times 
and then there were three . endangered dies at san diego zoo safari park 
sad side of science -endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zo o-o nly 3 known yet to exist . 
and then there were 3 - devastating 
sad news to hear that the endangered white rhino nola died at safari park 
this is truly sad : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered northern white rhino dies at san diego zoo this weekend . only 3 left in the world 
anf then there were three : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
there are only 3 white rhinos remaining on this planet . endangered white rhino nola dies 
breaks my heart : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
" endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " by liam stack via nyt science 
and then there were three : nola , one of the last white rhinos , died in san diego 
rip dear nola ! you must have been so lonely ... endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
this is what extinction looks like . 
rt awww . then there were 3 : nola , one of the last white died in san diego 
this leaves only 3 white rhinos , poachers would have it at 0 - endangered white rhino dies at san diego zoo 
the last three known northern white rhinoceroses live at the ol pejeta conservancy in kenya , where they roam in a ... 
3 white rhino left on earth ! death at san diego safari park 
northern white yesterday there were only four in the world , today there are three . 

a bookshop that started from peshawar but was shut down because of terrorism . nytimes obituary of late saeed qureshi 
rt stop drop & read gorgeous dispatches from ind&pak capitals by & https://… 
a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave an imprint on islamabad 
rt a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave an imprint on islamabad via 
saeed book bank is my centaurus :p this is a place you must visit if you visit islamabad . ( thank you saad ... 
" he had always regarded book theft by children as an investment in a future where people still read " 
feel-good article of the day : a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave an imprint on 
saeed jan qureshi loved books so much he let children steal them from his shop in pakistan by 
the new york times on saeed book bank 
rt a beautiful read : islamabad's greatest book store , where yesterday's book thieves became today's grateful customers . htt … 
what an inspiring story ! 
the bookstealers of pakistan . a storied bookstore's unlikely prosperity . 
what a beautiful story about one of my first loves , even before the 
rt an absolutely lovely profile on one of the world's largest bookstores , with mostly english books , in islamabad : … 
this lovely story about a bookstore in islamabad made me happy . possibly paywalled ? 
a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad 
a visit to the saeed book bank in islamabad , which displays 200,000 titles , many in english 
a storied bookstore and its late oracle in islamabad . finally a good reason to 
just incredible : a storied bookstore ( yes , islamabad ) & its late oracle leave an imprint on islamabad 
an absolutely lovely piece in the nyt on saeed book bank in islamabad . well deserved coverage . 
interesting story about an indie bookstore that withstood the test of time ( and a few others ) in pakistan : 
a storied and its late oracle leave an imprint on 
a beautiful reflection on saeed book bank . i spent many long hours at the peshawar branch before it closed . 
rt for the owner of saeed book bank in islamabad , books are more than just a business . … 

at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one 
dear white people , here is an example of decision that is not hard . it is a no-brainer , in fact . wilson's name ... 
. profile of wilson’s racist views omits his party affiliation . 
woodrow wilson naming and shaming at princeton - whatever would they would think if they considered craigavon ? 
i am super tempted to read the comment section ... but i know that no good can come of that exploration . 
been learning a lot about president wilson lately . lots of stuff left out of history books . 
his loved " birth of a nation " - just saying : at princeton , woodrow wilson is recast as an intolerant one 
princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one • a bastardly anti-semite " gentleman . " 
wilson , a heralded princeton alum , recast as an intolerant one . let's not forget his praise for birth of a nation 
princeton , which admitted its first black student in the 1940s , reassesses the legacy of president woodrow wilson 
at princeton , addressing a racist legacy and seeking to remove woodrow wilson’s name 
not recast - just the truth finally coming out . woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one 
it's amazing how money can erase bigotry from history , or at least , camouflage it's presence ! 
as & therefore how do you feel seeing this play out w/marginalized in ... 
take off the name of racist woodrow wilson because his image is tarnished and he lacks the good character needed ... 
" at woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as " a on campus . 
renewed efforts among students , faculty , board , and alumni to discuss 
fucken negros suck its always something with u mutts 
so progressive : “ cultural competency training ” & " dedicated housing .... for those interested in black culture " 
democrats have always been racist ! -at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as intolerant racist 
are we also going to get rid of all greco-roman architecture , and the name of every dude and woman who was sexist ? 
'' if the criteria for naming a building for someone was that they’d be perfect , we shouldn’t name buildings '' 
as princeton recasts wilson as unworthy of recognition , who follows ? northwestern ? get out your history books . 
erasing history , or acknowledging racial realities ? 
we won't bring up woodrow wilson's south africa connections , right 
" ... wilson as president rolled back gains blacks had made since reconstruction , removing black officials from the ... 
rt '' if the criteria for naming a building for someone was that they’d be perfect , we shouldn’t name buildings '' … 
" up to this point , history had never been anything more than the history of power as told by power itself . " -mf 
at princeton , woodrow wilson is recast direct action gets the goods 
princeton students seek removal of woodrow wilson’s name , acknowledgment of his racist legacy : 
woodrow wilson , the racist president ? princeton takes a second look at a heralded alum 
the black justice league , a student group at princeton , sheds light on the racism of the u's alum woodrow wilson 

how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks 
the proposed merger between and allergan has helped drive merger activity to a record for 2015 . worldwide 
how the $pfe-$agn deal ranks by equity value , no . 3 behind vodafone-mannesmann and aol-time warner , says 
actually , $4.1 t in 2007 = $4.7 t today , so m&a in 2015 has not eclipsed 2007 
additional ?! er , primary . " for pfizer there was an additional motivation , lowering its tax rate by moving to dublin " 
the deal between pfizer-allergan biggest in history between pharmaceutical companies ..... 
rt $155 billion of pfizer and allergan is the largest of all time 
$155 billion of and is the largest of all time 
with an equity value of $152 billion , the merger is the largest since the heady days of 2000 . 

finding cheap flights and more on 
finding cheap and more on 
finding cheap flights and other deals on black friday 
finding cheap flights on black friday 
just posted their tips for travel deals 
you guys : take advantage of deals , book airline at deep discounts 
cyber monday cyber monday cyber monday cyber monday morganscybercom eurailcyber 
what the holidays mean for ( via 
rt finding cheap flights and more on 
black friday isn’t just for holiday shopping – you can also score cheap flights ! don’t miss the opportunity ! 
sojern in the 
. quotes on last year's cyber monday flight booking trends & what to expect this year . 
details : big discounts on rooms booked on 11/30 for stays between 12/11-3/31 ! more info : 
the only shopping i'll be doing : where to get the travel deals 
turismo : finding cheap flights 
is about too ! check out this preview and after all that ! 
a3 : look for further than ( details on some good ones via 
the event : finding cheap abstract entities and more on black abstract entity 
finding cheap flights & more on via cc 
we can all use a good bargain ... 

a few of trump's rivals are getting their equal time from a few nbc affiliates . 
nytimes : nbc stations in iowa , new hampshire , so . carolina grant trump/snl-inspired equal time to 4 gop candidates . 
donald hosting means equal airtime for rivals 
" donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals " 
" just don't do it " trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals 
trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals viewers in iowa . 
donald trump's hosting of ' s . n . l . ' means equal airtime for rivals ( 
donald trump's hosting of ' snl ' means equal airtime for rivals - new york times 
ben carson : " i don’t know if , on the basis of that , you can say all muslims are bad people ” what ?! 
trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime 4 rivals how about equal time 4 latinos , muslims , blacks ?!! 
george pataki , et al . bravely fight for equal airtime with donald trump on saturday night live 
first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for … 
rt wow . trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals . 
( first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for riv ... ( shaquille ) 

hey , just a heads up that your ( great ! ) recent nyt piece at has a broken link to the onion article 
how to talk to your relatives about politics at thanksgiving - - 
pro tip : don't . just don't . 
a how-to guide to talking politics at thanksgiving ( or just don't bring it up at all ) via 
know you now want to share your new knowledge : how to talk to relatives about politics at t'giving via 
how2 talk2 ur relatives re : politics@ thanksgiving via yo , in my fam , it's all we talk about . 

rt breaking down doors , searches without warrants and aggressive questioning are all now perfectly legal in france . https://… 
spur emergency edict and intense policing in 
nytimes world europe in france some see the police security net as too harsh 
rt civil liberties in france : " the police are now free to pick up and interrogate suspects virtually at will . " … 
rt what life is like for the approx . 180 people ( most muslim ) under house arrest in france : https … 
rt paris emergency to last 3 months . so far 1,072 police searches , 139 interrogations , 117 in custody . n … 
rt france : extrajudicial searches have shot up since - carried out in haste , under public pressure … 
paris emergency to last 3 months . so far 1,072 police searches , 139 interrogations , 117 in custody . no warrants . 
rt spur emergency edict & intense policing in extrajudicial searches hv shot u … 
rt french push broad sweep forsuspects after attacks ; concerns over liberties ... 
rt " more warrantless searches , more interrogations , more people placed under house arrest . " 
the latest : france makes first strikes from aircraft carrier - 
rt all over france , police are breaking down doors , conducting searches , questioning residents , with few critics . … 
rt french cops now free to pick up & question ppl " virtually at will " — stripping ppl of freedoms before terrorists can . https : … 

