" fact checks of the 2016 election " 
rt " fact checks of the 2016 election " via 
the new york times will be checking assertions made throughout the 2016 presidential campaign . 
fact checks of the u.s. 2016 election 
facts are not an element for some candidates . 
fact check : donald says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
well , this is fun , and horrible 
fact checks of the election - the new york times 
the herald news took pains to discredit what paterson officials were calling “ hateful gossip . ” 
fact check : marco rubio says ted cruz undermined intelligence programs 
fact checks of the 2016 usa elections 
" it is not ... anything that can be seen or heard or handled , but .... something that is imagined " 
one fact-checker to rule them all : today launches the first column as our in-house " doubting thomas . " 
caught in a ( gasp ) fib . he should never become a tv psychic 

rt a u . n . -backed climate meeting starts next monday in paris . more than 120 national leaders are set to attend … 
extreme tied to over 600,000 deaths over two decades , via - 
" extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 decades 
rt the u.n. is warning that the frequency and impact of weather-related disasters will rise 
rt un report : weather disasters injured 4.1 bn people in last 20 yrs , caused trillions in damage , and will keep rising https … 
rt a u . n . -backed climate meeting starts next mon in paris . 120 national leaders are set to attend 
extreme tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 decades 

rt the dumbest path for a terrorist to sneak attack the u.s. is to pose as a syrian refugee ... 
why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
rt here's why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the united states … 
" why it takes 2 years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. " good read . 
rt why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
with mere 20-step us review process for syrian refugees , i can see why the demagogues worry . 
why in takes two years to screen refugees 
it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. and the house just voted to tighten screening procedures 
why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. : new york times 
the 20 step refugee resettlement process that has bigoted politicians and islamophobes so worried . 
rt 20 steps & security checks ( including proposed ) refugees must pass , before being admitted to u.s. ht … 
rt syrians already subject to additional checks than other refugees . here's the process : … 
rt ever wanted to understand why it takes about 2 years for to enter the u.s. ? 
rt good information on the current screening process in place for syrian refugees → 
rt why syrian refugees must wait two years to enter the united states . 
rt why it takes two years to screen syrian refugees trying to get into the us 
rt why it takes 2 years for a syrian refugee to apply to come to the us 
i wonder how many of those who oppose welcoming those fleeing from poverty , violence and death could pass this ?... 
rt for everyone who seriously thinks it's easy to enter the u.s. as a syrian refugee - 
rt excellent , succinct info from why it takes 2 yrs to enter the us . … 
why does it take 2 years for a syrian refugee to get to the us ? 
why it takes two years for to enter the us 

meet some of our top commenters 
as a occasional comment moderator , i loved this . meet some of the nyt's top commenters : 
this is great , the new york times profiles the top commenters on its website - via 
meet some of top commentors , people who value being informed 
from poet/electrical engineer ( age 95 ) to stay-at-home mom , nyt commenting community luminaries outshine the trolls : 
charming & thoughtful commenters actually exist , profiled here 
meet some of the top commenters 
a good reason why comment sections shouldn't be shut . would b fun 2see a similar piece cc 
clicked just to see if larry was on here dude who somehow comments on like every nyt article in poetry ! ) 
ok , we need a meet the wsj commenters pronto . wait . no . that'd be scary . meet the nyt's top commenters : 
nice move by to recognize top commenters !! 
i've always enjoyed nyt comments section , very cool that now they introduce the people behind them 
rt the ny times respects and touts people who post excellent comments . maybe this is why there are exc … 
i love this . meet some of the top commenters 
great idea , even better executed 
love this > meet some of the top commenters : 
the best of the best , nyt commenters . great job profiling them . 
" i really don't want to offend anyone " , yksi nyt : n kommentoijista sanoo . " i like to see the evolution of thought . " 
yes , top commenters deserve to be engaged and rewarded . hats off to for this beautiful feature . 
one more reason why print has been replaced by digital . you get feedback on what you read : nyt's top commenters 
rt meet the nyt's top commenters . this is an amazing group of humans : 
the power of finding your voice and learning how to comment in a relevant , interesting way . 
a glimpse into who the humans are behind those handles . " meet some of our top commenters " 
nyt profiles some of its top website commenters . one of the few sites whose comments section i find value in rding . 
notice how many of the top commenters are writers 
rt meta enough for you ? 936 comments on piece on best commenters : … 
the 95 year old poet is amazing 
rt these people are awesome . 

rt “ destruction comes quickly , but building takes time . ” + from kobani https … 
' town of kobani , scarred by isis , strives to rebuild ' : 
town of scarred by strives to rebuild 
town of scarred by isis , strives to rebuild 
rt kobani , syria , is trying now to overcome the deep scars of war and rebuild 
story today by from kobani , syria 
town of kobani , scarred by isil , strives to rebuild 
meanwhile , has a good story from kobani , liberated from isis by the kurds — whom turkey is attacking . 
rt reconstructing kobani : the early grades now use new kurdish textbooks instead of the syrian govt’s arabic curriculum https :/ … 
nytimesworld : rt tylerhicksphoto : story today by nytben from kobani , syria 
rt syrian town of kobani , which managed to expel isis with kurdish help , is trying to rebuild itself . heart-warming https://… 
reclaimed kobani illustrates the high cost of defeating isis 

a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
a hated phrase that riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
in a subway system with 469 stations and as many as six million riders a day , some riders are bound to get sick . 
a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ' sick passenger ' 
the ' sick passenger ' is the urban bigfoot 
can't always blame people for being sick . mta should better inform passengers what to do when they're feeling ill 
i was once sick on a train . but the conductor just put me off in mineola and pointed to a hospital . 
" a voice over the intercom delivers the bad news ... your train is delayed because of a sick passenger . " 
on the subway , one rider's illness is many riders ' delay . ' there has to be a better way to handle it . ' 
somehow the ny times avoids asking why people feel it necessary to ride the subway while sick . sick leave , anyone ? 
a hated phrase that nyc subway passengers are hearing w/ increased frequency : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
this is the result of nyers not being more proactive and team-oriented in carrying sick people off everyone suffers 
the ~ greatest city on earth ~ deserves way better than the inept and ancient mta mafia 
guys ! sometimes nyc subway riders get sick , causing delays , which annoys other new yorkers , and the times is on it . 
sick passengers causing nyc subway delays jump to 3,000 a month , from just 1,800 in 2012 : 
insightful tale of the mta's proverbial sick passenger , w/ transit-beat-mandated kicker . 
" sick passenger " : a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more often 
ill passengers have accounted for about 3,000 train delays each month this year in new york , up from about 1,800 per month in 2012 , according to the metropolitan transportation authority . 

[ a century ago , einstein’s theory of relativity changed everything [ 
rt how einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 
a century ago , einstein's theory of relativity changed everything - new york times 
hey learn how einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 

breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest 
importante para la madre también breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest 
so the tells us that breastfeeding " forces the breasts to finally grow up and get a job . " really ? really ? 
is good for mothers . it prevents & 

randall munroe ( xkcd to most of us ) explains it all for us 
randall munroe explains it all for us 
randall munroe's fans include bill gates and neil gaiman . his new book is " thing explainer . " 
what would happen if a pitcher threw a baseball at 90% the speed of light ? 
" [ audience ] expanded .. to include mainstream readers who are curious about how stuff works " 
randall munroe , former nasa roboticist and creator of xkcd , explains it all for us 
how does randall munroe explain it all ? procrastination helps . fun profile of best-selling cartoonist 
randall munroe from explains it all for us 
if you can’t explain something simply , you don’t really understand it - bill gates 

' twitter cats to the rescue in 
this is maartje , a cat from ghent , belgium . she will not be intimidated . 
rt gotta love those belgians and their cats . disclosure : i might be just a little biased . 
the one in this picture looks like bartholomew's long-lost belgian sister : 
rt tweets beaucoup de in answer to lockdown . 
rt of all the belgium lockdown twitter cats this may be my favorite . story here : … 
rt twitter to the rescue in brussels lockdown … 
lockdown & an order to refrain from tweeting . if this happens in the philippines , many will probably be complaining 
rt faced with it's twitter cats to the rescue ( photo : … 
more cat pic coverage in the 
bravo to brussels when govt asked residents to refrain from 
i didn't know you were involved in this 
rt i have new found love + appreciation for belgians as they fight terror w/ cats 
tweet by addl . commissioner of police - west bengaluru city . shri . pratap reddy , ips what a ... 
in face of terror , post awesome belgian effort to keep leaks . & 

miami’s art world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood - 
miami's art world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood 
crux of our music , informs our art , informs our lives . miami’s art world , little haiti 
miami’s world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood 

nets and celtics ; some things never change 
nets ' disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse - new york times 
nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
dating single on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting w ... 
it could always be worse ... a lot worse : 
" nets ' disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse " via 
great story idea , but man is it over-written 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps … 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting … 

pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel 
"" by unknown author via nyt 

donald trump’s shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches 
donald trump's shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches 
vist- trump's shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches - new york times 
" but mr. trump has shown that this year , voters care less than they ever did . " 
" here are some of donald j . trump’s favorite ways to deal with a difficult question " 
donald trumpâs shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches 

new york today : welcome to the jungle 
new york today : welcome to the jungle - new york times : new york timesnew york today : welcome to the junglenew ... 
tuesday : at the zoo , chilly weather , and poetic geese . 

women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
amazing reporting . the reality for women under hard choices and collaboration 
such a great read . 😱 
heartbreaking story of what happens to the lives of women who become isis moral police . as with every form of ... 
rt how three women survived the islamic state , and then escaped . 
how women went from tattoos , bikinis and parties to become morality police members 
rt 3 excellent articles on isis and women : 2 ) sobering nyt piece on the experience of two women stuck in syria . … 
rt what a 21st century reads like . isis women enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish , escape … 
rt fascinating story about the mundane transition of three normal syrian girls into isis enforcers in raqqa … 
rt inside isis : great revelatory piece .. dont miss it : 
women and enforcers in recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
the article i was viewing : 
sad story but it is a great read ! anguish and escape 
“ they never let you forget that you’ve had to leave your country ” amazing story of 3 women who escaped is/fled syria 
some isis women who were morality enforcers recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
for women there is no adventure in joining is- only heartbreak . isis women and enforcers in syria 
this is great . the wrote something in a similar vein but i appreciate the 1st person 
three syrian women who worked as morality enforcers for isis , two of whom married isis fighters , and then escaped . 
this is the most morally and ethically riveting and complex story i have read in some time 
rt compelling story about wives of fighters in raqqa via 
isis women in syria recount collaboration , boredom , mourning , anguish , escape 
rt fascinating story of women's lives in the islamic state . good illustration of the pragmatist/true-believer split : … 
" every year , people think : ‘ next year , it will end . we will be free . ’ and decades pass . syria is a jungle now . " 
must-read . the orwellian fate of women under isis : " before , i was like you , ” she told a reporter . " 
food for thought : portrait of life in a war zone - recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
syrian horror story . 
rt how three women became members of isis ' morality police [ via 
rt inside raqqa , the city hollande is so willingly bombing . not syria anymore . just a cage for many innocent people . … 

gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of police in minneapolis 
white supremacists sought after 5 protestors are shot at protest of police in minneapolis 
prayers and solidarity for the people injured and people still protesting at 
people have shot protestors in minneapolis : 
follow for updates about the shooting . 
race war or war war : pick just 1 , please 
protestors shot ... stay woke , stay aware , stay ready ! ( 
gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of shootings 
black lives matter protesters shot by masked gunmen in minneapolis . 
rt 3 white suspects sought after gunmen shot 5 during black lives matter protest near police precinct in minneapolis https : … 
three white men sought in shootings in minneapolis at protest of fatal police shooting of unarmed black man 
gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of police in … 

turkish f16s shoot down warplane near syrian border : military official 
turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military official 
" turkey downs warplane near syria border , russia denies airspace violation " by reuters via nyt 
downs near border , denies violation 
turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military official : turkish f-16 ... 
turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military official : turkish f-16 fighter jets shot ... 
( turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military offici ... ( shaquille ) 

" ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations " 
the vulgar , personal attacks are actually ben carson quotes : supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations 
ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks on his absurdist lies in seeking donations via 
who chairs the ben carson-aligned superpac ? john philip sousa iv 
first draft : ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donation ... 
first draft : ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar’… 

turkey shoots down military plane near syria border 
turkish fighter jets shot down a military plane close to the syrian border on tuesday 

a side serving of science for your next birthday party 
a side serving of for your next birthday party thanks 
watching popping balloons with a high = speed camera : 

linked to dna changes in ancient 
. linked to changes in ancient europe 
how the birth of farming changed europeans ’ dna , via 
the arrival of agriculture in europe caused changes in people's dna , by | 
> get it . read it . agriculture linked to dna changes in an … see more 
origins of tolerance and - linked to lifestyle in ancient europe 
fascinating read about how agriculture changed the dna in humans thousands of years ago 
fascinating study on how agriculture changed our dna in ancient europe 
fascinating history of european agriculture thru dna sleuthing . 
" linked to changes in ancient via 
nytimes : linked to changes in 
of european descent ? suffer from irritable bowel syndrome ? blame farming agriculture & dna changes in ancient europe 

thanksgiving with your college student ... 
the counter : filthy . the laundry : in the entry . the glasses ? all gone . your kid is home from college : 
thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right 
college kids coming home for first time ? make the visit work : 
listen closely & you'll hear your own voice here// thanksgiving w college students : fantasy , reality 
too hilarious for words . " thanksgiving with college students : fantasy , reality , & getting it right " v 
newly minted college students , adult in their minds and kids to their parents , are coming home . how to cope : 
they want to see friends . you want to see them . they're becoming adults . you miss your kid . college visits : 
college students coming home for the first time ? it may not be what you expect , but it can still be great ; 
thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality ... or back home ballers 
" i had been a parent for nearly 20 years . if i learned only one thing it was to pick my battles " . 
you send your anxious , excited freshman away in the fall . who's the person walking in the door for winter break ?... 
when your kids ' first college visit isn't exactly how you thought it would be : 
your child & thanksgiving . as with all else , you know your child & family best so do what works for you ... 

adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer , dies at 90 . 
norman mailer once got drunk and stabbed his wife in the heart ?!? yikes ! she just died , 55 years later . 
those were the days ! adele mailer , artist who married dies at 90 life in back when 
adele mailer , 90 , dies 
mailer's ex : " the point of no return came when she told her husband that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " 
norman mailer's wife said he wasn't as good a writer as so he stabbed her . true story . 
" ... she told her husband he was not as good as dostoyevsky " - obit of adele mailer ( via 
arts at new york times : adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer , dies a … see more 
adele mailer embraced the new york arts scene . in 1960 , her husband , norman mailer , stabbed her in the heart . 
" guests recalled that the point of no return came when she told her husband that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " 
adele mailer , artist stabbed in the heart by husband norman mailer , dies at 90 via 
rt nyt obit for adele mailer , who then-husband norman mailer stabbed after she said he wasn't as good as dostoyevsky … 
the world has lost a woman who was made of art . read this for her absolutely brilliant " man eater " quote . what a ... 
adele mailer dies at 90 
“ after he died ... all she could say was ‘ he was a monster . ’" adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer dies 

victims , remembered 
a heartbreaking face to the cost of terrorism 🇫🇷 
pause for a moment to shed a few tears over so many promising lives lost ..... 
victims of the paris attacks 
at least 130 people were killed in terrorist attacks on nov . 13 in the french capital . they were mostly young people , out having fun . here are profiles of some of the victims . 

photos of the day 
rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold . more photos from monday … 
pictures of the day : belgium and more 
rt a soldier patrolled an empty mall in brussels on monday . much of the city was closed … 
rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold in the north of the country https … 
rt photos of the day 
rt pictures of the day : 

off to my survival bunker . best of luck to you all . " turkey shoots down russian warplane " 
rt first time in history member ( shoots down russian plane . 
rt turkish fighter jets shot down a military plane close to the syrian border on tuesday … 
rt stunning . turkey claims to have shot down a russian jet . russia only acknowledges that one has crashed in syria . https … 
downs plane has destabilized world thanks 
turkey shoots down russian warplane near syrian border 
things are about to get real ... 
, , rt fredkempe : first time in history nato member ( shoots down russian plane . 
ny times : turkey shoots down russian warplane near syria border : russia says one of its jets crashed in syria ... 
rt seems to have zapped plane near the border with fate of pilots , diplomatic relations dim https … 

putting the matter before the reproductive cell 
putting the chicken before the egg 
putting the pastured chicken before the egg via 
raising hens that have access to open pastures ? what an eggcellent idea 
" the best thing about chickens is you don’t have to herd them . " … pastured 
pastured eggs have made it into mainstream media ! 
our " local " eggs make the big time ! we've eaten these for years , visited the farm and met the family . omg so good . 
cleaner eggs are hatching everywhere . 
re-imagining the food supply , w poultry & dairy cows in the open air : putting chicken before egg by 
fascinated , operationally speaking , in this approach to farming . would be interesting to visit a setup like this . 
terrific story on pastued eggs . 
new york times - usa - improving the eggs before they are hatched - 
✍ improving the eggs before they are hatched nytimes 
china news- improving the eggs before they are hatched 
improving the eggs before they are hatched : while still a minuscule portion of the roughly 75 billion eggs pro ...... 

fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader 
rt fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : … 
fired living thing sues construction benghazi organisation and its living thing 
fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : via 
via nyt > middle east 
benghazi committee investigator sues over his firing 
former benghazi committee investigator for republicans sues over his dismissal 

addicts , fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
new york times article/video on daily fantasy sports and gambling problems 
rt to those with addiction , daily fantasy sports looks a lot like gambling 
for those struggling with gambling fantasy sites can lead to a ruinous path via 
for addicts , fantasy sports sites can lead to ruinous path - 
for fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
while fanduel and draftkings are thriving ... more patients of gambling ? 
for gambling addicts , fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
are fantasy sports sites feeding gambling 
mass ag says draft kings is game of skill that needs regulation . ny ag disagrees . what say you ? 
really think sports not gambling lol 
nytimes , " for [ gambling ] addicts , fantasy [ sports ] sites can lead to ruinous path " : 
draftkings now warns playing fantasy sports could be a “ stress-inducer . ” but the word “ gambling ” does not appear > 
this article was a great advert for gambling anonymous .. show the extreme and the not so obvious is unveiled ... 
sharing the auto links popping and linksexploaded under the rainbow !! 

taking time to watch the video made the sad news easier - nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
3 white rhino left on the earth !! death at san diego safari park 
so sad . rip nola . 
endangered white rhino nola dies at ... | 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park ( liam stack / new york times ) 
only 3 northern white rhinoceroses left on earth 
endangered white rhino dies at zoo safari park - only 3 nothrn white rhinos left 
and now there are only three . " endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park poaching , " civil " wars , human indifference . rip nola 
sure , when it is a white rhino , the media cares . 
nola , one of only four known northern white rhinoceroses , died on sunday at the san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left in the world : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left ... blows my mind endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park - new york times 
and then there were three . endangered dies at san diego zoo safari park 
sad side of science -endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zo o-o nly 3 known yet to exist . 
and then there were 3 - devastating 
sad news to hear that the endangered white rhino nola died at safari park 
this is truly sad : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered northern white rhino dies at san diego zoo this weekend . only 3 left in the world 
anf then there were three : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
there are only 3 white rhinos remaining on this planet . endangered white rhino nola dies 
breaks my heart : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
" endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " by liam stack via nyt science 
and then there were three : nola , one of the last white rhinos , died in san diego 
rip dear nola ! you must have been so lonely ... endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
this is what extinction looks like . 
rt awww . then there were 3 : nola , one of the last white died in san diego 
this leaves only 3 white rhinos , poachers would have it at 0 - endangered white rhino dies at san diego zoo 
the last three known northern white rhinoceroses live at the ol pejeta conservancy in kenya , where they roam in a ... 
3 white rhino left on earth ! death at san diego safari park 
northern white yesterday there were only four in the world , today there are three . 

f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs 
nyt : fda targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers ( like missing life threatening diagnoses ) and costs -- 
rt " the right regulation would separate good from bad tests and encourage use of the better ones . " 
rt f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests . so many tests = surrogates of doctoring . when will listening be in vogue ? htt … 
top health story : f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers … see more 
rt 2/2 nytimes says industry (& gop ) opposition to all regulation are weakening to quote mr spock … 
need similar standards in india 
2/2 nytimes says industry (& gop ) opposition to all regulation are weakening to quote mr spock - " fascinating " 
rt no oversight for laboratory-developed tests means they are inaccurate & dangerous : 
f.d.a. targets inaccurate tests , citing and costs - the new york times 
ny times politics newtop story : f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests , citing … see more 
how knowing the psychometric properties of a test can make the difference between life and death . 
like how is in quotes fda targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs 
with the use of tests booming , the administration wants new regulatory powers , and even republicans in congress ar … 
- top story : f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dange … see more 
inaccurate and unreliable medical tests are prompting abortions , promoting unnecessary surgeries , putting tens of t … 
with the use of tests booming , the administration wants new regulatory powers , and even republicans in congress are … 
funny , i was just reading this story as you tweeted me that one . 
can't really imagine congress letting the fda spread its wings , but hey , you never know . 

a chill grips a michigan haven for syrian families 
rt nytimes : a chill grips a michigan haven for syrian families 
a chill grips a michigan haven for syrian families muslims deserve respect not a concentration camp ! 
embarrassed for my state . land of the free ? home of the brave ? a chill grips a michigan haven for syrian families 
" they said , ‘ we’ll send you to michigan ' ... they told us it’s very beautiful . " it is . 
a chill grips a michigan haven for syrian families via 
according to the n york times the us has acceptet 1.800 syrian refugees since october 2014 . 
rt syrian refugees face distrust in michigan , once a haven for displaced families . … 
michigan is home to nearly 200 syrian refugees . this family arrived last week . 
new york times - usa - growing unease in a longtime u.s. haven for syrians - 
housing , food and most importantly cigarettes and ipads ? plenty of $ for pressure cooker and all things syrian 
“ we didn’t cross illegally , ” he said . he threw his hands in the air . “ we went through hell to get here . ” 
syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven in michigan 
even choked with fear , how can you deny weary families a haven ? 
in michigan , syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven . 
in michigan , cling to a longtime haven -several human faces to the refugee crisis . 
syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven in michigan via 
" radwan mughrbel ; his wife , sanaa hammadeh ; and their two young sons packed their bags with only a single change ... 
needed ! nytimes : sudden chill grips a longtime u.s. haven for syrians 
welcomed more syrian in the last 2 months than any state except cali , texas . i'm proud of my home 
rt this family fled syria in 2011 . now , they are making a life in michigan . 
syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven in michigan you are welcome in saginaw also . we believe in constitution 
syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven in michigan another one sided story portrays only sweet innocent muslims 
rt great reporting from about enclave for syrian refugees in detroit 
i read that some european nations are instituting a sort of " adoption " program for people to take in refugees .... 
rt tannercurtis : this family fled syria in 2011 . now , they are making a life in michigan . 
syrian community doctors , lawyers-the new syrians who are coming now are not so educated . humm 
us supplied refugees-furniture-clothing- food-procured apartments-discounted rent . zero 

rt carbon dioxide reduction : the gap between what countries have pledged , and what the goal is https : … 
the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
rt love the simplicity in this quick explainer : the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? … 
the climate change pledges are in . will they fix the problem ? via 
the pledges are in , will they fix anything ? 
ocean sciences article of the day - climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? ( new york times ) 
without the pledges , global temperatures would likely jump more than 8ºf by 2100 . 
rt what countries have pledged before the climate talks in paris start next week : … 
find out more about what pledges are at stake in climate change conference : 
look at the chart to know what countries have pledged before next week 
v neat visualization of the indc change pledges & their impact in the nyt 
current climate pledges fall in short . more ambitious pledges need to be made in paris 
rt this swift explainer on the paris climate talks was designed for mobile readers : … 
climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? is 4ratcheting up national commitments over time . 
the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ?... 
rt the change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? - great new interactive from … 
rt the climate change pledges are in . they are still not good enough . 
rt the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anythi ... 

5 are shot near minneapolis protests , police say 
nytimes reports protesters are shot in minneapolis . 

engineering mosquitoes ’ genes to resist malaria 
eliminating malaria and 600k deaths/year . 
altering mosquito to fight ( and etc ) 
engineering genes to resist 
very dangerous ! 
rt gene drive technology could eliminate malaria : pnas open-access paper : 
we just can't wait for this solution to be rolled out on large scale 
engineering mosquitoes ' genes to resist malaria - new york times 
scientists have created a mosquito breed resistant to malaria . could eradicate the disease the world over . 
engineering mosquitoes ’ genes to resist inserted 
nytimes science gene drive mosquitoes malaria 
this day in mosquito news : 
rt disappointing piece . engineering mosquitoes to resist malaria zero risk discussion . no … 
two teams of biologists have created a novel breed of mosquito with modified genes in hopes of eradicating the … 
engineers mosquito genes to resist malaria really cool visual , bug eyes and all 
" it’s hard to see any ecological downside to protecting the mosquitoes against the malarial parasite . " 
disappointing piece . engineering mosquitoes to resist malaria zero risk discussion . no balance or depth . 
a big story if easy to overlook , w/ cause for hope ( may wipe out malaria ) & trepidation ( uses crispr to do it ) 

breaking down doors , searches without warrants and aggressive questioning are all now perfectly legal in france . 
rt france : extrajudicial searches have shot up since - carried out in haste , under public pressure … 
rt extraordinary response by france to isis attack . precedent for cameron if it happened here https : … 
paris attacks spur emergency edict and intense policing in france 
is gov't overreacting to & endangering civil liberties and possibly alienating more muslims ? 
" more warrantless searches , more interrogations , more people placed under house arrest . " 
spur emergency edict & intense policing in extrajudicial searches hv shot up since the attacks 
all over france , police are breaking down doors , conducting searches , questioning residents , with few critics . 
" all over france , from toulouse in the south to paris and beyond , the police have been breaking down doors ,... 
with expanded police powers extended for three more months , some , particularly muslims , question whether the loss … 
isis won . france took the bait and is now just another repressive regime . 
sorry terrorist win , when the west adopts police state tactics : paris emergency edicts & intense policing in france 
emergency edict and intense policing in france analyzed by the interesting ! 
rt civil liberties in france : " the police are now free to pick up and interrogate suspects virtually at will . " … 
top story : in france , some see the police security net as too harsh see more 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : in france , some see the police security net as … see more 
" a weekend raid on a restaurant selling halal burgers ... found nothing suspicious after breaking down the doors . " 
new york times : spur emergency edict and intense policing in 
spur emergency edict and intense in france 
rt what the emergency state has meant in france ( 

when a bag is based on math 
the handbag line onesixone , which is named after the golden ratio , launches this week . 

joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? - - 
joyce carol oates . .. gore vidal : " the three most dispiriting words in the english language are joyce carol oates . 
joyce carol oates & isis if some thoughts are taboo , then we can only explore the local minima and maxima of ideas . 
joyce carol oates on is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
" joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ' joyous ' in isis ? - new york times " 
" randy souther , who has written about ms. oates for 20 years and started a scholarly journal focused on her work " 
" there is no joy in isis , " the mighty hath spoke out 
you deserve this 4 signing the anti-hebdo letter this year . you simply don't express yourself well . 
ny times reporting on jco isis tweets , money quote from douthat . self-parody , or are we just a monstrous society ? 
questions are critical . unfettered inquiry is the only force that can oppose poisonous ideology : 
author joyce carol oates comes under fire over tweets about 
joyce carol oates on isis : what is clear is that human beings can't live for long without meaning in their lives . 
the new york times quoted none other than redkahina in its article about joyce carol oates ' isis tweet lmao 

rt the attacks in paris and elsewhere signal a shift in the strategy of the islamic state . … 
attacks and other assaults seen as evidence of a shift by isis 
what is missing in all media's report and analyisis about daesh is their cultic nature and how do they brainwash ... 
rt paris attacks , beirut bombings and downed russian airliner seen as evidence of a shift by isis 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ‘ external ’ targets , officials say 
important : intercepted communications suggest islamic state " central " directed paris and beirut attacks . 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ' external ' targets , officials say 
rt western intelligence abandons former belief that isis was only focused on controlling the muslim world … 
rt paris attack was coordinated by isis spokesman abu muhammad al-adnani , who has directly threatened canada . … 
were the attacks on paris , the russian plane , lebanon , etc ., evidence of a shift in isis tactics ? 
rt abu muhammad al-adnani has a $5mm bounty on his head . officials say he's chief of global ops . 
rt an analysis of isis videos found that russia was threatened the most , more times even than france . http … 
recent attacks in paris ... were the 1st results of a centrally planned terrorism campaign by ... the [ isis ] leadership 
paris attacks and other assaults seen as evidence of a shift by adnani now has a $5 million bounty on his head 
top story : paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ‘ external ’ t … see more 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution say this what happens in the face of weakness 
rt isis evolution to ' external ' targets ... 
paris attacksother assaults seen as evidence of shift by isis -the new york times al adnani , isis esteri 

john kerry visited a mosque on monday in abu dhabi and urged for a bigger push against isis . 
nytimesworld : john kerry visited a mosque on monday in abu dhabi and urged for a bigger push against isis . … 
john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against islamic state in syria 
diplomatic memo : john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push … 
diplomatic memo : john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against islamic state in … 
diplomatic memo : john kerry adds voice to those urging … 
diplomatic memo : john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against islamic … 

getting ugly produce onto tables so it stays out of trash - - 
great idea . sf imperfect produce sells fresh , delicious fruits/veggies too ugly for your grocer 
getting ‘ ugly ’ produce onto tables so it stays out of trash - - 
getting ugly produce onto tables ... dining is not beauty contests 
great piece on and the new ugly produce trend 
“ anyone who has a backyard garden can understand that food grows in fun and funky ways . " 
edible , but ugly 
getting ‘ ugly ’ produce onto tables so they stay out of trash 
the rodney dangerfields of produce aisles get some respect . getting ugly produce onto tables 
still surprised so many people have a problem with imperfect produce . | | 
so excited to try ! 
i will gladly buy ugly produce if it's 40% less than pretty produce . 
years ago , my prof from promoted benefits of ( not just to keep out of trash ) 
" getting ‘ ugly ’ produce onto tables so they stay out of trash " by jennifer medina via nyt 
getting ‘ ugly ’ produce onto tables so they stay out of trash : a start-up in ... 
interesting article about startups i read in the new york times 
getting ‘ ugly ’ produce onto tables so they stay … 

as sabotage blacks out crimea , tatars prevent repairs 
read on crimean tatars as part of activist movement amid new tensions between russia and ukraine . 
rt tatar activists block access to fallen power lines 
the always forgotten and by suppressed minority of uses black out to make themselves heard 
🆘as sabotage blacks out terrorists prevent repairs‼️ 
as blacks out prevent repairs 
sunday , saboteurs knocked out power for millions in crimea . monday , tatar and ukrainian nationalists blocked repairs 
as sabotage blacks out prevent repairs 
the cutoff of electricity to crimea is stoking tensions on the " border " with ukraine . by 
crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines : moscow — crimean tatar activists and ukrainian nat ... 
rt neilmacfarquhar : tatar activists block access to fallen power lines 
crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines ( new york times ) ( 1301 gmt ) 

world's largest food company says all seafood companies in thailand exposed to sea slavery . 
" nestlé reports on abuses in thailand’s seafood industry " 
nytimesbusiness : the seafood industry in thailand suffers from widespread labor and human rights abuses , according … 
the seafood industry in thailand suffers from widespread labor and human rights abuses , according to a nestlé report 
nestlé finds slave labor , human trafficking , & abuses in thailand’s seafood industry ; fancy feast faces litigation : 
nestlé reports on abuses in thailand's seafood industry - new york times 
reports labor abuses in seafood industry creating ' endemic risk ' for co supply chains 
more evidence seafood industry " suffers from widespread labor and human rights abuses " . check ur shrimp ! 
news coverage highlights worst findings . full report more nuanced . but kudos to nestlé for going public on this one . 
the report on the seafood industry in thailand cataloged deceptive recruitment practices , hazardous working … 
reports on abuses in seafood industry 
congrats you was report on abuses in thailand’s seafood industry 

with the and the can vary sharply 
with ben carson , the doctor and the politician can v 
the two sides of ben carson 
interesting , well-researched & reported article on the enigma that is 
rt in profile of carson , brilliant surgeon , and mine the inexplicable complexity of being human … 
with the doctor and the politician can vary sharply 
omg . ben carson believes in god , doesn't believe in evolution , and is soft on vaccines . the horror ! 
ben carson and i have something in common beside the fact neither of us should be president . i don't swear either - 
a little bit about ben carson prior to his presidential campaign : 
dr. ben , doctor and the politician can vary sharply dr. ben , presidential candidates don't get treated like gods 
ben carson has a portrait of him and jesus on his wall at home - 
rt with ben carson , doctor & politician can vary sharply with a cameo from a former r … 
rt . the doctor v . the candidate . ( via and … 
important read with regard to one of the political dwarf's - sleep or dopey - not sure . 
rt wait you're not telling us ? what did a duck say ?! 
ny times politics newtop story : with ben carson , the doctor and the politician … see more 
“ when he walked around hopkins , he was like god . ” long before politics , ben carson was med students ' idol : 
rt portrait in ben carson's home depicting him with jesus really rounds out the nyt profile … 
nytimes : hospital colleagues see 2 carsons 
ben carson appears lucid in nyt interview on science vs . ideology . 
inside story of career is not so glittering as it's made out to be — as this article reveals this 
a possible ' rosebud ' here about where obsession w pc began : his removal as hopkins grad speaker 
at home , ben carson has " a painting of dr. carson in a lab coat next to jesus , who has his arm on carson’s shoulder " : 
with ben carson , doctor & politician can vary sharply with a cameo from a former resident 
on the connection between ben carson the candidate and ben carson the neurosurgeon 
pro and con . more failed outcomes than you would expect . 
rt ben carson as surgeon : " he was like god . " on carson the surgeon vs carson the politician . https :/ … 
would the real ben carson please standup 
nytpolitics : rt tripgabriel : a possible ' rosebud ' here about where realbencarson's obsession w pc began : his remov … 

mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presi ... 
at boca juniors macri first displayed his preference for working in teams and mediating between quarrelling parties 
macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency - new york times 
argentina's president-elect says being kidnapped in 1991 put him on path to politics . a profile : 
an important election 
rt pesonaindon mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presi ... 
mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine … 

your tuesday briefing : paris aftermath , pfizer deal , new england patriots 
rt your tuesday briefing : paris aftermath , pfizer deal , new england patriots 
your tuesday briefing : paris aftermath , pfizer deal , new england patriots - new york times 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 
morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
" ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to presid … 
carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president via 
ben ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
first draft : ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to ... 
first draft : ben carson's ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
the 1st doc quoted is my doc and what he says is part of why i respect him so greatly . 
first draft : ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transiti ... unete a 
first draft : carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition ... 
news " ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition … 
first draft : carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed … 
" carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president " … 
" carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president " by steve eder and pam b … 

planned parenthood sues texas in dispute over funding for clinics . 
what year is this ? 100,000 + texas women attempt self-induced abortions , state tries to cut access even further . 
sues in dispute over funding for clinics 
the group called the action by texas , which has some of the toughest abortion restrictions ... 

a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad 
dtn usa : islamabad journal : a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad : saeed book ban ... 
a visit to the saeed book bank in islamabad , which displays 200,000 titles , many in english 
a storied and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad : 
well after this i'm getting my copy of " fallen leaves " today 
saeed book bank prevails in an era when online sales have been driving independent bookstores out of business , and when book piracy adds to retailers ’ travails . 

at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one 
. profile of wilson’s racist views omits his party affiliation . 
woodrow wilson naming and shaming at princeton - whatever would they would think if they considered craigavon ? 
i am super tempted to read the comment section ... but i know that no good can come of that exploration . 
been learning a lot about president wilson lately . lots of stuff left out of history books . 
his loved " birth of a nation " - just saying : at princeton , woodrow wilson is recast as an intolerant one 
princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one • a bastardly anti-semite " gentleman . " 
wilson , a heralded princeton alum , recast as an intolerant one . let's not forget his praise for birth of a nation 
princeton , which admitted its first black student in the 1940s , reassesses the legacy of president woodrow wilson 
at princeton , addressing a racist legacy and seeking to remove woodrow wilson’s name 
not recast - just the truth finally coming out . woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one 
it's amazing how money can erase bigotry from history , or at least , camouflage it's presence ! 
as & therefore how do you feel seeing this play out w/marginalized in ... 
take off the name of racist woodrow wilson because his image is tarnished and he lacks the good character needed ... 
" at woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as " a on campus . 
renewed efforts among students , faculty , board , and alumni to discuss 
fucken negros suck its always something with u mutts 
so progressive : “ cultural competency training ” & " dedicated housing .... for those interested in black culture " 
democrats have always been racist ! -at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as intolerant racist 
are we also going to get rid of all greco-roman architecture , and the name of every dude and woman who was sexist ? 
'' if the criteria for naming a building for someone was that they’d be perfect , we shouldn’t name buildings '' 
as princeton recasts wilson as unworthy of recognition , who follows ? northwestern ? get out your history books . 
erasing history , or acknowledging racial realities ? 
we won't bring up woodrow wilson's south africa connections , right 
" ... wilson as president rolled back gains blacks had made since reconstruction , removing black officials from the ... 
rt '' if the criteria for naming a building for someone was that they’d be perfect , we shouldn’t name buildings '' … 
" up to this point , history had never been anything more than the history of power as told by power itself . " -mf 
at princeton , woodrow wilson is recast direct action gets the goods 
princeton students seek removal of woodrow wilson’s name , acknowledgment of his racist legacy : 
woodrow wilson , the racist president ? princeton takes a second look at a heralded alum 
the black justice league , a student group at princeton , sheds light on the racism of the u's alum woodrow wilson 
woodrow wilson & princeton : how does an institution deal with legacy that mixes great achievement with racist views ? 

the proposed merger between and allergan has helped drive merger activity to a record for 2015 . worldwide 
how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks 
how the $pfe-$agn deal ranks by equity value , no . 3 behind vodafone-mannesmann and aol-time warner , says 
actually , $4.1 t in 2007 = $4.7 t today , so m&a in 2015 has not eclipsed 2007 
additional ?! er , primary . " for pfizer there was an additional motivation , lowering its tax rate by moving to dublin " 
the deal between pfizer-allergan biggest in history between pharmaceutical companies ..... 
rt $155 billion of pfizer and allergan is the largest of all time 
$155 billion of and is the largest of all time 
with an equity value of $152 billion , the merger is the largest since the heady days of 2000 . 

finding cheap and more on 
finding cheap flights and other deals on black friday 
finding cheap flights and more on 
finding cheap flights on black friday 
just posted their tips for travel deals 
you guys : take advantage of deals , book airline at deep discounts 
cyber monday cyber monday cyber monday cyber monday morganscybercom eurailcyber 
what the holidays mean for ( via 
rt finding cheap flights and more on 
black friday isn’t just for holiday shopping – you can also score cheap flights ! don’t miss the opportunity ! 
sojern in the 
. quotes on last year's cyber monday flight booking trends & what to expect this year . 
details : big discounts on rooms booked on 11/30 for stays between 12/11-3/31 ! more info : 
the only shopping i'll be doing : where to get the travel deals 
turismo : finding cheap flights 
is about too ! check out this preview and after all that ! 
a3 : look for further than ( details on some good ones via 
the event : finding cheap abstract entities and more on black abstract entity 
finding cheap flights & more on via cc 
we can all use a good bargain ... 

donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals 
first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals 
rt donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals 
trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals viewers in iowa . 
donald trump's hosting of ' s . n . l . ' means equal airtime for rivals ( 
donald trump's hosting of ' snl ' means equal airtime for rivals - new york times 
ben carson : " i don’t know if , on the basis of that , you can say all muslims are bad people ” what ?! 
trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime 4 rivals how about equal time 4 latinos , muslims , blacks ?!! 
george pataki , et al . bravely fight for equal airtime with donald trump on saturday night live 
first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for … 
rt wow . trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals . 
( first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for riv ... ( shaquille ) 

( a player concussed , and a policy questioned ( 
nytimes : a player concussed , and a policy questioned - a player concussed , and a policy questioned 
rt a player concussed , and a policy questioned 
observers are wondering whether the n . f . l . ’ s system to handle concussions is working as designed after the rams’… 
( lack of ) treatment of st louis rams qb suggest protocols are inconsistently applied 
keenum concussion in rams v ravens is a major blow to the nfl . watch for this as evidence in next law suit . bad look . 

