fact check : donald trump says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
" fact checks of the 2016 election " 
rt " fact checks of the 2016 election " via 
the new york times will be checking assertions made throughout the 2016 presidential campaign . 
fact checks of the u.s. 2016 election 
facts are not an element for some candidates . 
fact check : donald says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
well , this is fun , and horrible 
fact checks of the election - the new york times 
the herald news took pains to discredit what paterson officials were calling “ hateful gossip . ” 
fact check : marco rubio says ted cruz undermined intelligence programs 
fact checks of the 2016 usa elections 
" it is not ... anything that can be seen or heard or handled , but .... something that is imagined " 
one fact-checker to rule them all : today launches the first column as our in-house " doubting thomas . " 
caught in a ( gasp ) fib . he should never become a tv psychic 

extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over two decades via 
extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 decades - 
600,000 deaths laid to weather 
according to extreme weather is tied to over 600,000 deaths over two decades via 
top story extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 deca … see more 
extreme weather tied to more than 600,000 deaths over 2 decades - 
rt a u . n . -backed climate meeting starts next monday in paris . more than 120 national leaders are set to attend … 
extreme tied to over 600,000 deaths over two decades , via - 
rt the u.n. is warning that the frequency and impact of weather-related disasters will rise 
rt un report : weather disasters injured 4.1 bn people in last 20 yrs , caused trillions in damage , and will keep rising https … 

rt why it takes two years to screen syrian refugees trying to get into the us 
the two year security process it takes for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
important link for the holidays : details of 2+ years process it takes syrian refugees to enter u.s. 
why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
rt the twenty steps of the vetting processs go through before we accept them : https : … 
afraid of refugees ? check out screening process they have to pass - the new york times 
rt with mere 20-step us review process for syrian refugees , i can see why the demagogues worry . … 
why it takes two years for to enter the u.s : 
rt the dumbest path for a terrorist to sneak attack the u.s. is to pose as a syrian refugee ... 
rt the 20 step refugee resettlement process that has bigoted politicians and islamophobes so worried . 
rt excellent infographic about the thorough background/security checks already in place for refugees resettling in usa . htt … 
rt here's why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the united states … 
" why it takes 2 years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. " good read . 
why in takes two years to screen refugees 
it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. and the house just voted to tighten screening procedures 
rt 20 steps & security checks ( including proposed ) refugees must pass , before being admitted to u.s. ht … 
rt syrians already subject to additional checks than other refugees . here's the process : … 
rt ever wanted to understand why it takes about 2 years for to enter the u.s. ? 
rt good information on the current screening process in place for syrian refugees → 
rt why syrian refugees must wait two years to enter the united states . 
rt why it takes 2 years for a syrian refugee to apply to come to the us 
i wonder how many of those who oppose welcoming those fleeing from poverty , violence and death could pass this ?... 
rt for everyone who seriously thinks it's easy to enter the u.s. as a syrian refugee - 
rt excellent , succinct info from why it takes 2 yrs to enter the us . … 
why does it take 2 years for a syrian refugee to get to the us ? 

meet some of our top commenters 
a good reason why comment sections shouldn't be shut . would b fun 2see a similar piece cc 
our top commenters would just be guys who use their cars as facebook cover photos 
via meet some of our top commenters when will do the same ? 
the acknowledge their readership by profiling their top commenters 
interesting piece about top commenters on good to give them some visibility . 
this nyt project is so good : vignettes about their top commenters . all hail larry eisenberg 
rt meet the nyt's top commenters . this is an amazing group of humans : 
really enjoyed this piece , which profiles popular commenters : thanks for sharing ( go larry ! ) 
meet some of top commenters h/t 
one of a site's potentially greatest assets is its community . good to see the tending its garden . 
commenters , in this digital era , are transforming the new york times 
nyt profiles it's top online commenters ! 
for an nyt comment , " i can spend a half-hour writing and rewriting the first line . " 
the profiles some of their top commenters via need to know newsletter 
nyt commenters : " i like news . i like reading it ... not tv heads screaming at me about how i should be perceiving it " 
as an occasional moderator , i loved this . meets some of the nyt's top commenters : 
these are some of the top commenters on 
nice move by to recognize top commenters !! 
nice . introduces some of its top commenters : 
this is great , the new york times profiles the top commenters on its website - via 
meet some of top commentors , people who value being informed 
from poet/electrical engineer ( age 95 ) to stay-at-home mom , nyt commenting community luminaries outshine the trolls : 
rt charming & thoughtful commenters actually exist , profiled here 
meet some of the top commenters on 
clicked just to see if larry was on here dude who somehow comments on like every nyt article in poetry ! ) 
ok , we need a meet the wsj commenters pronto . wait . no . that'd be scary . meet the nyt's top commenters : 
i've always enjoyed nyt comments section , very cool that now they introduce the people behind them 
rt the ny times respects and touts people who post excellent comments . maybe this is why there are exc … 
i love this . meet some of the top commenters 
rt great idea , even better executed 
love this > meet some of the top commenters : 
the best of the best , nyt commenters . great job profiling them . 
" i really don't want to offend anyone " , yksi nyt : n kommentoijista sanoo . " i like to see the evolution of thought . " 

to cam newton , the only numbers that matter are 10 and 0 - - 
bill rhoden is a cranky old man who thinks you kids need to take your calculators and get out of the press box : 
ease up on the analytics when assessing newton , writes the goat mc 
" look beyond the numbers and find a leader emerging " 
getslimmerquickly / sports of the times : look beyond the numbers and find a leader emer ... 

a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ : 
this : … is nowhere near as troubling as the turd i saw on the subway this morning . 
oh it's nothing , i just know someone who has her picture in the 
there should be a " call for help " button in every car ! hated phrase that subway riders hear more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
a hated phrase that riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
in a subway system with 469 stations and as many as six million riders a day , some riders are bound to get sick . 
a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ' sick passenger ' 
the ' sick passenger ' is the urban bigfoot 
rt can't always blame people for being sick . mta should better inform passengers what to do when they're feeling ill … 
i was once sick on a train . but the conductor just put me off in mineola and pointed to a hospital . 
" a voice over the intercom delivers the bad news ... your train is delayed because of a sick passenger . " 
on the subway , one rider's illness is many riders ' delay . ' there has to be a better way to handle it . ' 
somehow the ny times avoids asking why people feel it necessary to ride the subway while sick . sick leave , anyone ? 
a hated phrase that nyc subway passengers are hearing w/ increased frequency : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
this is the result of nyers not being more proactive and team-oriented in carrying sick people off everyone suffers 

rt how einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 
some impenetrable physics in decipherable english : celebrating 100 years of einsteins general theory of relativity 
" a century ago , einstein’s theory of relativity changed everything " 
happy 100th birthday to the equation that " tells spacetime how to curve " !! 
thanks , dude ! a century ago , theory of relativity changed everything 

nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
nets and celtics ; some things never change 
wrote a column about the sad fortunes of broooklyn .... broooklyn 
boo hoo , brooklyn : 
nets ' disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse - new york times 
dating single on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting w ... 
it could always be worse ... a lot worse : 
" nets ' disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse " via 
great story idea , but man is it over-written 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps … 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting … 

randall munroe explains it all for us 
randall munroe's fans include bill gates and neil gaiman . his new book is " thing explainer . " 
alumnus randall munroe ' 06 is profiled in today's talking about his new book and how cool science is 
it sounds like everyone should get the " thing explainer . " lovely to have it all explained . 
randall munroe ( xkcd to most of us ) explains it all for us 
what would happen if a pitcher threw a baseball at 90% the speed of light ? 
" [ audience ] expanded .. to include mainstream readers who are curious about how stuff works " 
randall munroe , former nasa roboticist and creator of xkcd , explains it all for us 
how does randall munroe explain it all ? procrastination helps . fun profile of best-selling cartoonist 
randall munroe from explains it all for us 

why isn't this story trending ? 
this is maartje , a cat from ghent , belgium . she will not be intimidated . 
cats to the rescue in 
not sure what al siegal would say : open nyt story on cats in brussels , and screen filled by video ad -- for purina . 
fighting terror with cat photos in belgium . 
appreciating the bright side of social media in spite of tensions running high 
rt of all the belgium lockdown twitter cats this may be my favorite . story here : … 
" the cats appeared with machine guns , french fries and beer to comfort the citizens of brussels ... " 
rt gotta love those belgians and their cats . disclosure : i might be just a little biased . 
the one in this picture looks like bartholomew's long-lost belgian sister : 
rt tweets beaucoup de in answer to lockdown . 

( miami’s art world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood ( 
miami's art world zooms-in little haiti as next hot spot . hello , gentrification . 
sokol spills the beans : 54th to 71st , biscayne to i95 : is art hotspot 
signs of little haiti’s impending transformation are everywhere . 
rt the sets its sights on arts neighborhood 
miami's art world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood 
crux of our music , informs our art , informs our lives . miami’s art world , little haiti 
miami’s world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood 

is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest | 
more good news about the preventive benefits of for women : 
top story : breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest see more 
health - the new york time breast-feeding is good for mothers , no … see more 
is good for not just studies suggest via 
breast-feeding inhibits diabetes , cancers , heart attacks , and rheumatoid arthritis 
not the 1st time researchers have argued that breastfeeding is good for mothers via 
as it turns out , can be an important part of post-natal health for babies and 
spunky dr. says nursing " forces breasts to finally grow up and get a job ” 
' some scientists have started referring to breast-feeding as the “ fourth trimester ” of pregnancy that completes ... 
more research evidence that breastfeeding benefits moms too ! via 
studies suggest is good for mothers , not just babies . great news via 
is good for not just studies suggest via 
" breast-feeding forces the breasts to finally grow up & get a job " : sigh . why can't you just be a breast of leisure 
has long term health benefits for moms . read on ! 
some people are unaware of the many benefits a breastfeeding mother has-good for babe and good for mom ! quote ... 

pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel 
pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel - looks delicious ! 
"" by unknown author via nyt 

donald trump’s shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches 
trump's ambiguity often allows people to see different things in his remarks , such as the muslim registry 
" trump has never apologized or acknowledged a mistake . someone else is always to blame . " donald trump , liberal . 
great forensic examination of " some of donald j . trump’s favorite ways to deal with a difficult question " 
donald trump’s shortcuts & salesmanlike stretches : someone else is almost always to blame 
politicians are not known for adhering to the facts , but trump has shown that voters care less than they ever did 
racism bigotry hate & fear stay 
trump’s salesmanlikestretches notthetaskofpropaganda2beintellectuallypleasing -goebbels 
donald trump’s shortcuts ( lies ! ) and salesmanlike stretches ( and more lies ! ) 
donald trump is essentially the platonic ideal of mansplaining . 
donald trump's shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches - new york times : new york times donald trump's… thomas tolkien 
lies about donald trump again today here is the proof 

mt 911 emergency system established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more at 10/11c . 
rt the 911 emergency system was established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more a … 
the 911 system isn’t ready for the iphone era 
the 911 emergency system was established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more at 10/11c . 
. chairman tom wheeler calls on congress to help states update an antiquated 911 system : 
" 911 handle about 240 million calls a year [ .. ] but many local 911 call centers can’t receive a text , photo or video " 
911 isn't fully ready for what the world expects , is it ? nena - national emergency number association's oped ... 
the 911 system isn't ready for the iphone era - new york times 
the system isn’t ready for the era 
the 911 system isn’t ready for the internet era 
fcc chairman , tom wheeler , wrote a great ' plain english ' op-ed about the next years ahead for 9-1-1 . today in the ne … 
i like this idea very much : the 911 system isn’t ready ... 
opinion | the 911 system isn’t ready for the era - the new york times 
the system isn’t ready for the iphone era 
very important read : 
article from the 911 system isn’t ready for the era 
nyt op ed by on ( spoiler alert ! he's for it . ) 
" many local 911 call centers can’t receive a text , photo or video from a person in need " 
this is a big reason why nys ought to be returning more of the 911phone surcharge funds back to local government . 
we're working to bring next generation 911 solutions like tex t-t o-911 to our community , but we're not there yet .... 
rt the 911 system isn’t ready for the era 
so true : 911 system isn't ready for the smartphone era : 
rt seems like a clearly right idea in today's fcc chairman tom wheeler on how we need to update 911 … 
it's time . 
rt in op-ed , fcc's wheeler calls for federal funding to help 911 centers upgrade to handle texts , photos … 

new york today : welcome to the jungle 
even if you don't like red pandas , has something for you : piglets ! bears ! patagonian cavies ! otters ! 
nytmetro : rt tatertatiana : even if you don't like red pandas , has something for you : piglets ! bears ! pata … 

how to talk to your relatives about politics at thanksgiving 
how to talk to your relatives about politics at thanksgiving via 
know you now want to share your new knowledge : how to talk to relatives about politics at t'giving via 
how2 talk2 ur relatives re : politics@ thanksgiving via yo , in my fam , it's all we talk about . 
just don’t expect that anyone’s mind will be changed by the time dessert is served . 

women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
if isis achieves their goals of taking over the world her i s a glimpse of what life would be like 
the ones who fled .. women and enforcers in recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
women of is seek power , status , money ; use org for petty disagreements ; leave when personally inconvenienced . 
fantastic read from on the women who marry into isis to save their families : 
intriguing article from the times 
give dua the same lashes as her " friends " had in front of her 
rt how three women survived the islamic state , and then escaped . 
rt first in-depth look at life of 3 syrian women in raqaa under isis , including as part of its all-female moral brigade htt … 
rt heartbreaking story of what happens to the lives of women who become isis moral police . as with every form of ... http … 
we are not so full of evil as of inanity , nor so wretched as we are base . 
amazing reporting . the reality for women under hard choices and collaboration 
such a great read . 😱 
how women went from tattoos , bikinis and parties to become morality police members 
rt 3 excellent articles on isis and women : 2 ) sobering nyt piece on the experience of two women stuck in syria . … 
rt what a 21st century reads like . isis women enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish , escape … 
rt fascinating story about the mundane transition of three normal syrian girls into isis enforcers in raqqa … 
rt inside isis : great revelatory piece .. dont miss it : 
rt women and enforcers in recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
the article i was viewing : 
sad story but it is a great read ! anguish and escape 
“ they never let you forget that you’ve had to leave your country ” amazing story of 3 women who escaped is/fled syria 
some isis women who were morality enforcers recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
for women there is no adventure in joining is- only heartbreak . isis women and enforcers in syria 
this is great . the wrote something in a similar vein but i appreciate the 1st person 
three syrian women who worked as morality enforcers for isis , two of whom married isis fighters , and then escaped . 
this is the most morally and ethically riveting and complex story i have read in some time 
rt compelling story about wives of fighters in raqqa via 

gunmen shoot 5 at minneapolis black lives matter protest : 
bad portent : 5 shot at black lives matter protest in minneapolis . police looking for 3 white suspects . 
gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of police in minneapolis 
gunmen shoot 5 at minneapolis protest : 
rt white supremacists shot 5 activists at minneapolis protests last night … 
rt notice how they're " gunmen . " " gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of police in minneapolis " 
gunmen shoot 5 at protest 
rt our hearts are with minneapolis & the activists fighting for justice & equality . … 
why does a presidential candidate amplifying fake stats that promote racism matter ? 
rt domestic terrorism : gunmen shoot 5 people at protest . 
rt white supremacists shoot 5 protesters . cops mace protesters . shooters still at large . … 
rt armed white supremacy is the terrorist threat america must confront . everything else is a distraction . … 
rt oh super -- actual terrorists attacked a black lives matter rally , shooting five people 
hopeful we’ll see the leadership i expect from and in response to this hate crime . 
rt gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of police in minneapolis 
my heart is so heavy . what's going on ? gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of police in minneapolis 
blatant terrorism but the media & the masses won't recognize it . 
this ? god bless , maybe there's more than 1 protestor shooting 
five black lives matter protesters shot in minneapolis last night 
the nyt has an article , but it's below the fold . 
mr. trump , should we register all white men ? 
no doubt it was a donald trump cultist white gunmen sought : 5 black lives matter protestors were shot in minneapolis 
3 white gunmen sought after shooting 5 protesters . word for this : terrorism .... 

are you paying attention ? the developments in the east have the potential to change our world . 
turkish f16s shoot down warplane near syrian border : military official 
turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military official 
" turkey downs warplane near syria border , russia denies airspace violation " by reuters via nyt 
downs near border , denies violation 
turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military official : turkish f-16 ... 
turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military official : turkish f-16 fighter jets shot ... 
( turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military offici ... ( shaquille ) 

" ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations " 
rt poor baby thinks it's the media's fault he's dumb . ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations https : … 
the vulgar , personal attacks are actually ben carson quotes : supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations 
ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks on his absurdist lies in seeking donations via 
who chairs the ben carson-aligned superpac ? john philip sousa iv 
first draft : ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donation ... 
first draft : ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar’… 

turkey shoots down military plane near syria border 
turkish fighter jets shot down a military plane close to the syrian border on tuesday 

a side serving of science for your next birthday party 
" a side serving of science for your next birthday party " by james gorman via nyt science 
a side serving of for your next birthday party thanks 
watching popping balloons with a high = speed camera : 

culture shapes our genes ; fantastic new evidence via & via 
linked to dna changes in ancient europe 
icymi , here’s my story on 6,000 years of human natural selection in europe . 
human evolution : recent and regional . 
attention crowd : did not stop 10,000 years ago : agriculture linked to dna changes 
some of this explored in my ' conscious - linked to dna changes in ancient europe 
advent of agriculture changed european's dna , " altering their height , digestion , immune system & skin color . " 
agriculture linked to changes in ancient europe via 

thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right 
kids ' visits from college aren't the last vestige of childhood , but first moments of adulthood . 
college kids coming home for first time ? make the visit work : 
for those students home for bridge your family expectations and your student reality : 
are your college kids coming home for thanksgiving ? this may help you handle the highs and lows of their return . 
for those with children in university or college returning for the holidays , this is a great read ! 
thanksgiving with your college student ... 
the counter : filthy . the laundry : in the entry . the glasses ? all gone . your kid is home from college : 
listen closely & you'll hear your own voice here// thanksgiving w college students : fantasy , reality 
too hilarious for words . " thanksgiving with college students : fantasy , reality , & getting it right " v 
rt newly minted college students , adult in their minds and kids to their parents , are coming home . how to cope : … 
they want to see friends . you want to see them . they're becoming adults . you miss your kid . college visits : 
college students coming home for the first time ? it may not be what you expect , but it can still be great ; 
thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality ... or back home ballers 

“ i decided i was going to be that beautiful temptress who ate men alive , flossed her teeth and spit out the bones " 
adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer , dies at 90 
that time norman mailer stabbed his wife in the heart and never served a day in jail for it 
rt norman mailer stabs his wife , tells judge : “ naturally i have been a little upset ... " . what an assho … 
rip adele mailer . “ after he died " ... all she could say was , ‘ he was a monster ’" 
mailer stabs wife while wearing a ruffled matador shirt , tells court " i insist i am sane . " the judge disagreed . 
rip adele mailer . " the point of no return came when she told him he was not as good as dostoyevsky " 
adele mailer , rip : 
mailer stabbed her in the stomach and back with a penknife , puncturing her cardiac sac . 
mrs. mailer taunted her husband , deriding his manhood , [ telling him ] he was not as good as dostoyevsky . 
ginsberg and podhoretz got into a fight and had to be separated . 
rt norman mailer's wife said he wasn't as good a writer as so he stabbed her . true story . … 
norman mailer stabs his wife , tells judge : “ naturally i have been a little upset ... " . what an asshole , good riddance . 
married to mailer , inspired by " carmen " : “ you lived from crisis to crisis , sang love duets and had screaming fights ” 
" the point of no return came when she told her husband that he was not as good as dostoyevsky " 
adele mailer , artist who wed norman mailer , dies 
brilliant adele mailer obit : " the point of no return came when she told her husband he wasn't as good as dostoyevsky " 
the relationship , replete with affairs and stabbing , was stormy . adele , married to norman mailer , dies at 90 
adele mailer , 90 , artist , actress , wife and stabbing victim of norman mailer : “ adele morales was an aspiring pain … 
artist who was married to norman mailer for > 10 yrs gets an obit that references him in every paragraph : 
mrs. mailer embraced the downtown arts scene and a bohemian lifestyle . in 1960 , her husband stabbed her in the hea … 
norman mailer once got drunk and stabbed his wife in the heart ?!? yikes ! she just died , 55 years later . 
those were the days ! adele mailer , artist who married dies at 90 life in back when 
adele mailer , 90 , dies 

victims , remembered 
at least 130 people were killed nov . 13 . they included an architect , an american college student , an algerian viol … 
at least 130 people were killed in terrorist attacks on nov . 13 in here are some of their stories . 
most of the people killed in the attacks in paris were young and out having fun . here are some of their stories . 
a look at the people killed in paris : 
portraits of those killed in the terrorist attacks in paris 
most of the people killed in the attacks in paris were young and out having … 
most of the people killed in the attacks in paris were young and out having fun .… 
tip of the hat to for remembering victims of the w/ this classy visual reporting 

hollande meeting with obama today maybe the two of them can conference with putin and ergodan by skype ! 
françois hollande meeting with obama on isis strategy 
françois hollande meeting with obama on isis strategy : the french president was arriving in was ... ( via 
world news - françois hollande meeting with obama on isis strategy : the french president was arriving in washi ... 
nyt- françois hollande meeting with obama on isis strategy : the french president was arriving in washington ju ... 
nytimes me : françois hollande meeting with obama on isis strategy : the french president was arriving i ... 
dillydee blogs françois hollande meeting with obama on isis strategy : the french president was arriv ... follow us 
françois hollande meeting with obama on isis strategy : the french president was arriving i ... ( via 
françois hollande meeting with obama on isis strategy : the french president was arriving in … 
via nyt > middle east 
franã§ois hollande meeting with obama on isis strategy 
" françois hollande meeting with obama on isis strategy " by peter baker via nyt the new york times 
president françois hollande of france is meeting with president obama in washington today 
the french president was arriving in washington just over 10 days after islamist terrorists staged attacks in paris . 

rt a soldier patrolled an empty mall in brussels on monday . much of the city was closed … 
rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold . more photos from monday … 
rt photos of the day 
pictures of the day : belgium and more 
photos of the day from 
rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold in the north of the country https … 
rt pictures of the day : 

the best thing about chickens is you don’t have to herd them nyt : // i did not know this 
pastured eggs are on the rise ! take a look into this parental lesson turned pastured egg farm . 
" putting the chicken before the egg " 
know your egg ! putting the chicken before the egg 
growth in consumer awareness re : hens living conditions due 2 undercover videos . thanks ! 
revelation from humane farming : " the best thing about chickens is you don't have to herd them . " 
looks like a pasture raised success story ... 
we like to see news about animals on pasture .... why it is news , i am not sure , as it is the most natural thing in ... 
2nd article this a.m. making me want to run away , back to the country : i miss my chickens . 
putting the matter before the reproductive cell 
putting the pastured chicken before the egg via 
raising hens that have access to open pastures ? what an eggcellent idea 
" the best thing about chickens is you don’t have to herd them . " … pastured 
pastured eggs have made it into mainstream media ! 
our " local " eggs make the big time ! we've eaten these for years , visited the farm and met the family . omg so good . 
cleaner eggs are hatching everywhere . 

rt podliska , fired from benghazi cmte for not attacking is suing to be reinstated : … 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader 
" fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader " by michael s . schmidt via 
rt fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : … 
podliska , fired from benghazi cmte for not attacking is suing to be reinstated : via 
fired living thing sues construction benghazi organisation and its living thing 
fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : via 
via nyt > middle east 
rt benghazi committee investigator sues over his firing 

for addicts , daily fantasy sports sites can lead to a ruinous path [ via 
addicts , fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
daily fantasy sport sites took his latent gambling problem to the brink of suicide 
new york times article/video on daily fantasy sports and gambling problems 
rt to those with addiction , daily fantasy sports looks a lot like gambling 
for those struggling with gambling fantasy sites can lead to a ruinous path via 
for addicts , fantasy sports sites can lead to ruinous path - 
for fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
while fanduel and draftkings are thriving ... more patients of gambling ? 
for gambling addicts , fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
are fantasy sports sites feeding gambling 
mass ag says draft kings is game of skill that needs regulation . ny ag disagrees . what say you ? 
really think sports not gambling lol 
nytimes , " for [ gambling ] addicts , fantasy [ sports ] sites can lead to ruinous path " : 
draftkings now warns playing fantasy sports could be a “ stress-inducer . ” but the word “ gambling ” does not appear > 
this article was a great advert for gambling anonymous .. show the extreme and the not so obvious is unveiled ... 

has social media killed our entertaining buzz ? 
in praise of the good enough holiday 
" that which is recorded on the heart is , alas , not instagrammable . " 
it's okay if your holiday table isn't camera-ready or perfectly instagrammable 
when it comes to holiday entertaining , rough-around-the-edges is not only acceptable , but preferable . 

michigan is home to nearly 200 syrian refugees . this family arrived last week . 
share this story by on syrian refugees in us with people on both sides of the issue : 
rt tannercurtis : michigan is home to nearly 200 syrian refugees . this family arrived last week . … 
no matter yr take on the issue , you should know what it's like to actually be a syrian refugee in the us : 
sawyerbrendan : good nytimes read why should remain open for business/welcome those fleeing violence like … 
good read why should remain open for business/welcome those fleeing violence like that of 
in michigan , syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven 
ouch nyt : in detroit suburbs refugees trade mideast war 4 cold winters , strip malls&houses as uniform asmonopoly pces 
a chill grips a michigan haven for syrian families 
i grew up , peacefully , in suburban detroit amid refugees from iraq/iran . why are arab refugees suddenly a threat ? 
writes a fantastic , heartbreaking article on syrian in michigian : 
a grips a haven for 
< " we didn’t cross illegally , ” he said . he threw his hands in the air . “ we went through hell to get here . " > 
" they said , ‘ we’ll send you to michigan ' ... they told us it’s very beautiful . " it is . 
according to the n york times the us has acceptet 1.800 syrian refugees since october 2014 . 
rt syrian refugees face distrust in michigan , once a haven for displaced families . … 
new york times - usa - growing unease in a longtime u.s. haven for syrians - 
housing , food and most importantly cigarettes and ipads ? plenty of $ for pressure cooker and all things syrian 
“ we didn’t cross illegally , ” he said . he threw his hands in the air . “ we went through hell to get here . ” 
rt syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven in michigan 
even choked with fear , how can you deny weary families a haven ? 
in michigan , cling to a longtime haven -several human faces to the refugee crisis . 
syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven in michigan via 
" radwan mughrbel ; his wife , sanaa hammadeh ; and their two young sons packed their bags with only a single change ... 
needed ! nytimes : sudden chill grips a longtime u.s. haven for syrians 
welcomed more syrian in the last 2 months than any state except cali , texas . i'm proud of my home 
rt this family fled syria in 2011 . now , they are making a life in michigan . 
syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven in michigan you are welcome in saginaw also . we believe in constitution 
syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven in michigan another one sided story portrays only sweet innocent muslims 

thanksgiving flight patterns 
flight patterns in the u.s. on 
thanksgiving flight patterns visualization : via data vintage take : 
pumpkin pie in miami : thanksgiving flight patterns 
pumpkin pie in miami : flight patterns 
rt flight patterns in the u.s. on 
this thanksgiving , not quite all , but many flight paths lead to miami . via 
nobody goes to alaska for thanksgiving ? 
turkey day travel trends . gotta love big data . 
cool maps , though yet another " less ... more " style thing that doesn't show the actual data . 
. hey have you seen this cool don't miss out . 
where are americans flying for thanksgiving ? 
very cool visualization of travel patterns for thanksgiving from 
fun data to watch while i enjoy watching everyone else travel v 
" you might expect demand for flights to grow each day you get closer to thanksgiving , but it looks as if few ... 
animated chart to explain where american will spend their thanksgiving day 
i love this . ( look at all the people getting the eff out of boston lolol ) 
so much for hot apple cider on a cold thanksgiving day . it's cafe con leches on a warm turkey day ! via 
[ infographic ] where are americans planning to travel for 
so a lot of people are flying to florida for turkey day ? interesting interactive- via 
" i'm going to disneyworld ! " and on america's thanksgiving travel plans . 
thanksgiving us flight patterns : seeking sun , gambling , family , and turkey ( 
more awesome flow maps in today nyt . 
have always wondered where cities emptied out to during thanksgiving and now i know : via 
pumpkin pie in miami : patterns ( this is good ! ) via 
where americans are planning to travel for thanksgiving 
search data offers some surprises about where americans are planning to travel for the holiday . 

endangered white rhino nola dies at ... | 
taking time to watch the video made the sad news easier - nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
3 white rhino left on the earth !! death at san diego safari park 
so sad . rip nola . 
this is devastating news . endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park ( liam stack / new york times ) 
only 3 northern white rhinoceroses left on earth 
endangered white rhino dies at zoo safari park - only 3 nothrn white rhinos left 
and now there are only three . " endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park poaching , " civil " wars , human indifference . rip nola 
sure , when it is a white rhino , the media cares . 
nola , one of only four known northern white rhinoceroses , died on sunday at the san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left in the world : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left ... blows my mind endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park - new york times 
and then there were three . endangered dies at san diego zoo safari park 
sad side of science -endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zo o-o nly 3 known yet to exist . 
and then there were 3 - devastating 
sad news to hear that the endangered white rhino nola died at safari park 
this is truly sad : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered northern white rhino dies at san diego zoo this weekend . only 3 left in the world 
anf then there were three : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
there are only 3 white rhinos remaining on this planet . endangered white rhino nola dies 
breaks my heart : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
" endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " by liam stack via nyt science 
and then there were three : nola , one of the last white rhinos , died in san diego 
rip dear nola ! you must have been so lonely ... endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
this is what extinction looks like . 
rt awww . then there were 3 : nola , one of the last white died in san diego 
this leaves only 3 white rhinos , poachers would have it at 0 - endangered white rhino dies at san diego zoo 
the last three known northern white rhinoceroses live at the ol pejeta conservancy in kenya , where they roam in a ... 
3 white rhino left on earth ! death at san diego safari park 
northern white yesterday there were only four in the world , today there are three . 

inaccurate lab tests may prompt abortions & unneeded surgery , says 
f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs 
f.d.a. targets inaccurate citing dangers and costs 
targets inaccurate tests manufactured & used w/in a single lab- rhodium assists clients in compliance . 
targets inaccurate citing and 
" false positive " testing worse than no testing at all 
fda targets inaccurate and unreliable medical tests : 
targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers & costs . by false positives and negatives 
rt overuse & over interpretation of medical tests rampant in our culture fda cracking down on poor … 
targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs . proper decisions require proper information . 
overuse & over interpretation of medical tests rampant in our culture fda cracking down on poor performers 
it seems as if almost every day i read something more distressing about healthcare in the us . is our system in ... 
some faulty tests lead to is that the only reason might give more oversight of them ? 
nyt : fda targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers ( like missing life threatening diagnoses ) and costs -- 
rt " the right regulation would separate good from bad tests and encourage use of the better ones . " 
rt f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests . so many tests = surrogates of doctoring . when will listening be in vogue ? htt … 
rt top health story : f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers … see more … 
rt 2/2 nytimes says industry (& gop ) opposition to all regulation are weakening to quote mr spock … 
need similar standards in india 
2/2 nytimes says industry (& gop ) opposition to all regulation are weakening to quote mr spock - " fascinating " 
rt no oversight for laboratory-developed tests means they are inaccurate & dangerous : 
f.d.a. targets inaccurate tests , citing and costs - the new york times 
ny times politics newtop story : f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests , citing … see more 
how knowing the psychometric properties of a test can make the difference between life and death . 

turkey shoots down russian warplane near syrian border 
turkey shoots down russian warplane near syria border 
rt turkish fighter jets shot down a military plane close to the syrian border on tuesday … 
rt last week , turkey summoned the russian ambassador to discuss the bombing of turkmen villages ht … 
activist in latakia said one russian pilot was shot while landing in parachute . the other captured by local militia 
mt last week , turkey summoned russian ambo over bombing of turkmen villages 
rt breaking news : putin calls turkey’s downing of a russian fighter jet near the syrian border a “ stab in the back ” … 
military plane shot down near syria border , turkey says see more 
turkey shoots down russian jet : 
rt first time in history member ( shoots down russian plane . 
things that stress me out : turkey shoots down russian warplane 
rt downs plane has destabilized world thanks … 
topping my tweeted times : military plane shot down near syria border , turkey sa … see more 
rt the turks respond strongly to russian provocations ; the kremlin downplays it . a lesson for western statesmen . … 
rt off to my survival bunker . best of luck to you all . " turkey shoots down russian warplane " https :/ … 
tweets top story : military plane shot down near syria border , t … see more 

the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
our analysis of pledges in elegant interactive from 
without the pledges , global temperatures would likely jump more than 8ºf by 2100 . 
climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? nyt fail ? 
rt new interactive feature from ny times : the change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
countries are pledging to reduce emissions , but will those promises stop the warming ? this data viz says no 
great coverage of and for those who dont know what these acronyms mean ! 
interactive graph showing the affect of climate change pledges . via 
the pledges are in , will they fix anything ? 
pledges still over the needed 2c to avoid catastrophic climate change . not rational ! 
interactive from the pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
great graphics headed into the paris climate change conf . " climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? " 
rt carbon dioxide reduction : the gap between what countries have pledged , and what the goal is https : … 
the climate change pledges are in . will they fix the problem ? via 
ocean sciences article of the day - climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? ( new york times ) 
rt what countries have pledged before the climate talks in paris start next week : … 
find out more about what pledges are at stake in climate change conference : 
look at the chart to know what countries have pledged before next week 
v neat visualization of the indc change pledges & their impact in the nyt 
current climate pledges fall in short . more ambitious pledges need to be made in paris 
rt this swift explainer on the paris climate talks was designed for mobile readers : … 
climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? is 4ratcheting up national commitments over time . 
the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ?... 

meanwhile in america : 3 white males sought as 5 are shot near minneapolis protests 
5 are shot near minneapolis protests . police search for three white men wearing masks . 
:: 5 are shot near minneapolis protests , police say 
this hurts my heart . 
5 are shot at protests , 
5 shot " near " protest . i'm sure the passive , random tone of this headline is unintentional . 😑 
5 shot at minneapolis protest , by 

engineering mosquitoes ’ genes to resist malaria : 
here's a scary one : shall we use nature as one giant gmo laboratory ? who cares if it involves some 3rd world ... 
a new mosquito to defeat 
curing malaria by genetically engineered mosquitoes 
now these are some mosquitoes we can get behind to help eradicate malaria . 
a that they hope will help eradicate from the world ?!? yes !! finally !! 
check this out ! engineering mosquitoes ’ to resist 
eliminating malaria and 600k deaths/year . 
altering mosquito to fight ( and etc ) 
engineering genes to resist 
very dangerous ! 
rt gene drive technology could eliminate malaria : pnas open-access paper : 
we just can't wait for this solution to be rolled out on large scale 
engineering mosquitoes ' genes to resist malaria - new york times 
scientists have created a mosquito breed resistant to malaria . could eradicate the disease the world over . 
engineering mosquitoes ’ genes to resist inserted 
nytimes science gene drive mosquitoes malaria 
this day in mosquito news : 
rt disappointing piece . engineering mosquitoes to resist malaria zero risk discussion . no … 
two teams of biologists have created a novel breed of mosquito with modified genes in hopes of eradicating the … 
engineers mosquito genes to resist malaria really cool visual , bug eyes and all 
" it’s hard to see any ecological downside to protecting the mosquitoes against the malarial parasite . " 

rt all over france , police are breaking down doors , conducting searches , questioning residents , with few critics . … 
in france , some see the police security net as too harsh 
--" paris attacks spur emergency edict and intense policing in france " 
rt extraordinary response by france to isis attack . precedent for cameron if it happened here https : … 
" critics of the aggressive policing acknowledge that the govt must be seen doing something to protect the ... public " 
french cops now free to pick up & question ppl " virtually at will " — stripping ppl of freedoms before terrorists can . 
rt breaking down doors , searches without warrants and aggressive questioning are all now perfectly legal in france . https://… 
french state of emergency spurs intense police tactics , via 
sometimes harshness is required to secure liberty .. 
in france , some see the police security net as too harsh via 
in france , state of emergency means warrantless searches , unusual police measures : via 
attacks spur emergency edict and intense policing in - new york times : 
rt what the emergency state has meant in france ( 
. goes full godwin's law in story on french police raids : " the collaboration of the vichy regime , for ex . " 
rt french push broad sweep forsuspects after attacks ; concerns over liberties ... 
" these measures are going to place a spider’s web over all of france , but in a discriminatory manner " 
rt rt breaking down doors , searches without warrants and aggressive ... … 
nytimes : french state of emergency spurs intense police tactics 
rt france : extrajudicial searches have shot up since - carried out in haste , under public pressure … 
french police using aggressive tactics that are perfectly legal under the new state of emergency 

when a bag is based on math 
when is based on the new 
oh , math , you used to be so cool . i thought we had this ' thing ' . now you've sold out and gone corporate . 

frozen lion cubs still have their fur 12,000 years later 
there is a place called the kingdom of permafrost museum ..! i want to visit . 
a furry pair of lion cubs born in the ice age have been found " perfectly frozen " in the siberian arctic 
frozen lion cubs found in siberia still have their fur 12,000 years later 
cute little cave lion , only 12,000 years old : 
frozen lion cubs still have their fur 12000 years later - new york times 
after 12,000 years , these frozen lion cubs still had their fur and whiskers 
two long extinct cave lions were discovered in the siberian permafrost . 

joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
nyt : joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? - 
the author was criticized after she posed a question on twitter about the islamic state . 
top story : joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? see more 
dear twitter : reveals need to celebrate of cc 
hah ! daesh might want to consider recruiting joyce carol oates . oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
sad when world rushes to correct someone joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
joyce carol oates faces backlash on twitter following tweet : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
joyce carol oates . .. gore vidal : " the three most dispiriting words in the english language are joyce carol oates . 
joyce carol oates & isis if some thoughts are taboo , then we can only explore the local minima and maxima of ideas . 
joyce carol oates on is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
" joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ' joyous ' in isis ? - new york times " 
" randy souther , who has written about ms. oates for 20 years and started a scholarly journal focused on her work " 
" there is no joy in isis , " the mighty hath spoke out 
you deserve this 4 signing the anti-hebdo letter this year . you simply don't express yourself well . 
ny times reporting on jco isis tweets , money quote from douthat . self-parody , or are we just a monstrous society ? 
questions are critical . unfettered inquiry is the only force that can oppose poisonous ideology : 
author joyce carol oates comes under fire over tweets about 
joyce carol oates on isis : what is clear is that human beings can't live for long without meaning in their lives . 
the new york times quoted none other than redkahina in its article about joyce carol oates ' isis tweet lmao 

the attacks in paris and elsewhere signal a shift in the strategy of the islamic state . 
attacks and other assaults seen as evidence of a shift by isis 
what is missing in all media's report and analyisis about daesh is their cultic nature and how do they brainwash ... 
rt paris attacks , beirut bombings and downed russian airliner seen as evidence of a shift by isis 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ‘ external ’ targets , officials say 
important : intercepted communications suggest islamic state " central " directed paris and beirut attacks . 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ' external ' targets , officials say 
rt western intelligence abandons former belief that isis was only focused on controlling the muslim world … 
rt paris attack was coordinated by isis spokesman abu muhammad al-adnani , who has directly threatened canada . … 
were the attacks on paris , the russian plane , lebanon , etc ., evidence of a shift in isis tactics ? 
rt abu muhammad al-adnani has a $5mm bounty on his head . officials say he's chief of global ops . 
rt an analysis of isis videos found that russia was threatened the most , more times even than france . http … 
recent attacks in paris ... were the 1st results of a centrally planned terrorism campaign by ... the [ isis ] leadership 
paris attacks and other assaults seen as evidence of a shift by adnani now has a $5 million bounty on his head 
top story : paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ‘ external ’ t … see more 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution say this what happens in the face of weakness 
rt isis evolution to ' external ' targets ... 
paris attacksother assaults seen as evidence of shift by isis -the new york times al adnani , isis esteri 

john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against islamic state in syr 
john kerry visited a mosque on monday in abu dhabi and urged for a bigger push against isis . 
john kerry urging bigger push against islamic state in syria - the new york times 
nytimesworld : john kerry visited a mosque on monday in abu dhabi and urged for a bigger push against isis . … 
diplomatic memo : john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push … 
diplomatic memo : john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against islamic state in … 

getting ugly produce onto tables so it stays out of trash 
reduce 
food and wine top story : getting ugly produce onto tables so it stays out of tr … see more 
looks have nothing to do w . taste . amazing csa that brings “ ugly ” produce to save them from being binned . 
my author & his book american wasteland in abt preventing waste of ugly fruits & vegs 
edible , but ugly it's less expense and a wise buy that is not available in the average supermarket ! 
“ anyone who has a backyard garden can understand that food grows in fun and funky ways . " 
congrats ben simon on your impact being made in california ! 
" real food has curves " 
don't judge food by its cover ! 
i love this idea ! i don't like to see good food being wasted just because it's " not pretty enough " . 
ugly 🍒 onto tables so it stays out of trash 
yeah for those who save the fruit ! ( and veggies ! ) bop funky fruit applauds you 
a start-up for " cosmetically challenged " fruit and vegetables from the bay area , where all produce is beloved . 
getting ‘ ugly ’ produce onto tables so it stays out of trash 
great move , getting ugly vegetable produce onto tables so it stays out of trash 
great idea . sf imperfect produce sells fresh , delicious fruits/veggies too ugly for your grocer 
getting ugly produce onto tables ... dining is not beauty contests 
great piece on and the new ugly produce trend 

rt tatar activists block access to fallen power lines 
as sabotage blacks out crimea , tatars prevent repairs 
just as we started to tame the beast , we shoot down his plane and cut off his power - 
read on crimean tatars as part of activist movement amid new tensions between russia and ukraine . 
rt " crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines " by ivan nechepurenko via nyt 
the always forgotten and by suppressed minority of uses black out to make themselves heard 
🆘as sabotage blacks out terrorists prevent repairs‼️ 
as blacks out prevent repairs 
sunday , saboteurs knocked out power for millions in crimea . monday , tatar and ukrainian nationalists blocked repairs 
as sabotage blacks out prevent repairs 
the cutoff of electricity to crimea is stoking tensions on the " border " with ukraine . by 
crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines : moscow — crimean tatar activists and ukrainian nat ... 
rt neilmacfarquhar : tatar activists block access to fallen power lines 
crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines ( new york times ) ( 1301 gmt ) 

nestle shows real corporate responsibility 
" nestlé reports on abuses in thailand’s seafood industry " 
“ sometimes , the net is too heavy , and workers get pulled into the water and just disappear . ” 
report resleased by nestlé on horrendous abuses in thailand’s seafood industry 
china cuts mobile service of xinjiang residents evading internet filters 
a report by nestlé cataloged widespread labor and human rights abuses in thailand's seafood industry . 
rt most of thailand’s seafood workers are migrants , brought into the country by traffickers . http … 
glad to see tackle this sad issue . nestlé reports on abuses in thailand’s industry 
rt world's largest food company says all seafood companies in thailand exposed to sea slavery . https :/ … 
rt nestlé finds slave labor , human trafficking , & abuses in thailand’s seafood industry ; fancy feast faces litigation : http … 
nestlé reports seafood industry in thailand suffers from widespread labor and human rights abuses 
a report by nestlé cataloged widespread labor and human rights abuses in th … 
a report by nestlé cataloged widespread labor and human rights abuses in thailan … 
rt news coverage highlights worst findings . full report more nuanced . but kudos to nestlé for going public on this one . http … 
" awareness is the 1st step . ❌ -- nestlé reports on abuses in thailand’s seafood indu … " 

with ben carson , the doctor and the politician can v 
rt when ben carson speaks , are you hearing from a gifted neurosurgeon , or a conservative politician ? … 
when ben carson speaks , are you hearing from a gifted neurosurgeon , or a conservative politician ? via 
with the and the can vary sharply 
the two sides of ben carson 
interesting , well-researched & reported article on the enigma that is 
rt in profile of carson , brilliant surgeon , and mine the inexplicable complexity of being human … 
with the doctor and the politician can vary sharply 
omg . ben carson believes in god , doesn't believe in evolution , and is soft on vaccines . the horror ! 
ben carson and i have something in common beside the fact neither of us should be president . i don't swear either - 
a little bit about ben carson prior to his presidential campaign : 
dr. ben , doctor and the politician can vary sharply dr. ben , presidential candidates don't get treated like gods 
ben carson has a portrait of him and jesus on his wall at home - 
rt with ben carson , doctor & politician can vary sharply with a cameo from a former r … 
rt . the doctor v . the candidate . ( via and … 
important read with regard to one of the political dwarf's - sleep or dopey - not sure . 
rt wait you're not telling us ? what did a duck say ?! 
ny times politics newtop story : with ben carson , the doctor and the politician … see more 
“ when he walked around hopkins , he was like god . ” long before politics , ben carson was med students ' idol : 
rt portrait in ben carson's home depicting him with jesus really rounds out the nyt profile … 
nytimes : hospital colleagues see 2 carsons 
ben carson appears lucid in nyt interview on science vs . ideology . 
inside story of career is not so glittering as it's made out to be — as this article reveals this 
rt a possible ' rosebud ' here about where obsession w pc began : his removal as hopkins grad speaker … 
at home , ben carson has " a painting of dr. carson in a lab coat next to jesus , who has his arm on carson’s shoulder " : 
with ben carson , doctor & politician can vary sharply with a cameo from a former resident 
on the connection between ben carson the candidate and ben carson the neurosurgeon 
pro and con . more failed outcomes than you would expect . 
rt ben carson as surgeon : " he was like god . " on carson the surgeon vs carson the politician . https :/ … 
would the real ben carson please standup 
nytpolitics : rt tripgabriel : a possible ' rosebud ' here about where realbencarson's obsession w pc began : his remov … 

mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presi ... 
macri : from business to soccer to politics . 
should read this one ( rand among his favs ! ) macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency 
macri's election a big deal , but peronists have only held the presidency for 33% of last 4 decades , contra the nyt 
mauricio took detour from life as scion to presidency 
at boca juniors macri first displayed his preference for working in teams and mediating between quarrelling parties 
macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency - new york times 
argentina's president-elect says being kidnapped in 1991 put him on path to politics . a profile : 
an important election 
rt pesonaindon mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presi ... 

your tuesday briefing 
" aftermath , via 
your tuesday briefing , via 
check out this roundup : lots to choose from 
your paris aftermath , pfizer deal , new england patriots 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

kobani , syria , is trying now to overcome the deep scars of war and rebuild 
nytimesworld : kobani , syria , is trying now to overcome the deep scars of war and rebuild … 
town of kobani , scarred by isis , strives to rebuild 
rt town of kobani , scarred by isis , strives to rebuild 
rt story today by from kobani , syria 
town of scarred by strives to rebuild 
rt “ destruction comes quickly , but building takes time . ” + from kobani https … 
town of scarred by isis , strives to rebuild 
town of kobani , scarred by isil , strives to rebuild 
rt meanwhile , has a good story from kobani , liberated from isis by the kurds — whom turkey is attacking . … 

carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
" ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to presid … 
carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president via 
ben ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
first draft : ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to ... 
first draft : ben carson's ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
the 1st doc quoted is my doc and what he says is part of why i respect him so greatly . 
first draft : ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transiti ... unete a 
first draft : carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition ... 
news " ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition … 
first draft : carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed … 
" carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president " … 
" carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president " by steve eder and pam b … 

planned parenthood sues texas in dispute over funding for clinics . 
calling state's action politically motivated , sues over funding for clinics 
the inevitable result of cutting funds for women’s reproductive health . cc 
what year is this ? 100,000 + texas women attempt self-induced abortions , state tries to cut access even further . 
sues in dispute over funding for clinics 
the group called the action by texas , which has some of the toughest abortion restrictions ... 

a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave an imprint on islamabad 
a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad see more 
ny times newtop story : a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on … see more 
quezada post : a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad see more 
always loved pakistan's bookshops . the country is full of them . also loved the names ( e.g. book ocean in islamabad ) . 
rt a visit to the saeed book bank in islamabad , which displays 200,000 titles , many in english … 
rt deepakwriter he built the biggest in selling mostly english titles , where is the … 
one of the world's great bookstores : 
he built the biggest in selling mostly english titles , where is the 2nd language . 
top story : retweets a storied bookstore and its late oracle … see more 
god delusion can't stay on the shelves at a bookstore in islamabad . 
islamabad journal : a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave an imprint on … 
islamabad journal : a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad ($) 
rt for the owner of saeed book bank in islamabad , books are more than just a business . … 
a great shop this ! 
islamabad journal : a storied bookstore and its late oracle … 
latest news update from luisa florez . islamabad journal : a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave an imprint … 
islamabad journal : a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave an … 

dear white people , here is an example of decision that is not hard . it is a no-brainer , in fact . wilson's name ... 
at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one 
. profile of wilson’s racist views omits his party affiliation . 
woodrow wilson naming and shaming at princeton - whatever would they would think if they considered craigavon ? 
i am super tempted to read the comment section ... but i know that no good can come of that exploration . 
been learning a lot about president wilson lately . lots of stuff left out of history books . 
his loved " birth of a nation " - just saying : at princeton , woodrow wilson is recast as an intolerant one 
princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one • a bastardly anti-semite " gentleman . " 
wilson , a heralded princeton alum , recast as an intolerant one . let's not forget his praise for birth of a nation 
princeton , which admitted its first black student in the 1940s , reassesses the legacy of president woodrow wilson 
at princeton , addressing a racist legacy and seeking to remove woodrow wilson’s name 
not recast - just the truth finally coming out . woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one 
it's amazing how money can erase bigotry from history , or at least , camouflage it's presence ! 
as & therefore how do you feel seeing this play out w/marginalized in ... 
take off the name of racist woodrow wilson because his image is tarnished and he lacks the good character needed ... 
" at woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as " a on campus . 
renewed efforts among students , faculty , board , and alumni to discuss 
fucken negros suck its always something with u mutts 
so progressive : “ cultural competency training ” & " dedicated housing .... for those interested in black culture " 
democrats have always been racist ! -at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as intolerant racist 
are we also going to get rid of all greco-roman architecture , and the name of every dude and woman who was sexist ? 
'' if the criteria for naming a building for someone was that they’d be perfect , we shouldn’t name buildings '' 
as princeton recasts wilson as unworthy of recognition , who follows ? northwestern ? get out your history books . 
erasing history , or acknowledging racial realities ? 
we won't bring up woodrow wilson's south africa connections , right 
" ... wilson as president rolled back gains blacks had made since reconstruction , removing black officials from the ... 
rt '' if the criteria for naming a building for someone was that they’d be perfect , we shouldn’t name buildings '' … 
" up to this point , history had never been anything more than the history of power as told by power itself . " -mf 
at princeton , woodrow wilson is recast direct action gets the goods 
princeton students seek removal of woodrow wilson’s name , acknowledgment of his racist legacy : 
woodrow wilson , the racist president ? princeton takes a second look at a heralded alum 
the black justice league , a student group at princeton , sheds light on the racism of the u's alum woodrow wilson 

the proposed merger between and allergan has helped drive merger activity to a record for 2015 . worldwide 
how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks 
how the $pfe-$agn deal ranks by equity value , no . 3 behind vodafone-mannesmann and aol-time warner , says 
actually , $4.1 t in 2007 = $4.7 t today , so m&a in 2015 has not eclipsed 2007 
additional ?! er , primary . " for pfizer there was an additional motivation , lowering its tax rate by moving to dublin " 
the deal between pfizer-allergan biggest in history between pharmaceutical companies ..... 
rt $155 billion of pfizer and allergan is the largest of all time 
$155 billion of and is the largest of all time 
with an equity value of $152 billion , the merger is the largest since the heady days of 2000 . 

finding cheap and more on 
finding cheap flights and other deals on black friday 
finding cheap flights and more on 
finding cheap flights on black friday 
just posted their tips for travel deals 
you guys : take advantage of deals , book airline at deep discounts 
cyber monday cyber monday cyber monday cyber monday morganscybercom eurailcyber 
what the holidays mean for ( via 
rt finding cheap flights and more on 
black friday isn’t just for holiday shopping – you can also score cheap flights ! don’t miss the opportunity ! 
sojern in the 
. quotes on last year's cyber monday flight booking trends & what to expect this year . 
details : big discounts on rooms booked on 11/30 for stays between 12/11-3/31 ! more info : 
the only shopping i'll be doing : where to get the travel deals 
turismo : finding cheap flights 
is about too ! check out this preview and after all that ! 
a3 : look for further than ( details on some good ones via 
the event : finding cheap abstract entities and more on black abstract entity 
finding cheap flights & more on via cc 
we can all use a good bargain ... 

nytimes : nbc stations in iowa , new hampshire , so . carolina grant trump/snl-inspired equal time to 4 gop candidates . 
donald hosting means equal airtime for rivals 
" donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals " 
" just don't do it " trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals 
trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals viewers in iowa . 
donald trump's hosting of ' s . n . l . ' means equal airtime for rivals ( 
donald trump's hosting of ' snl ' means equal airtime for rivals - new york times 
ben carson : " i don’t know if , on the basis of that , you can say all muslims are bad people ” what ?! 
trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime 4 rivals how about equal time 4 latinos , muslims , blacks ?!! 
george pataki , et al . bravely fight for equal airtime with donald trump on saturday night live 
first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for … 
rt wow . trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals . 
( first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for riv ... ( shaquille ) 

policy questioned : ... 
end football would be funny if it weren't deadly 
when will football fans realize that they are increasingly becoming like spectators at a roman coliseum who enjoy ... 
observers are wondering whether the n . f . l . ’ s system to handle concussions is working as designed after the rams’… 
( lack of ) treatment of st louis rams qb suggest protocols are inconsistently applied 
keenum concussion in rams v ravens is a major blow to the nfl . watch for this as evidence in next law suit . bad look . 

