facts are not an element for some candidates . 
fact checks of the 2016 election 
anonymous t1m35 : fact checks of the 2016 election see more 
interesting - fact checks of the 2016 election 
fact check : donald says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
well , this is fun , and horrible 
fact checks of the election - the new york times 
the herald news took pains to discredit what paterson officials were calling “ hateful gossip . ” 
fact check : marco rubio says ted cruz undermined intelligence programs 
fact checks of the 2016 usa elections 
" it is not ... anything that can be seen or heard or handled , but .... something that is imagined " 
one fact-checker to rule them all : today launches the first column as our in-house " doubting thomas . " 
caught in a ( gasp ) fib . he should never become a tv psychic 
love nyt fact checking what the candiates saying for the next us pres election . 

an examination of the actual timeline and review of refugee applications , whether from syria or some other ... 
why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
rt why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. : important read from 
rt worst possible way to smuggle in terrorists . 
why it takes two years for to enter the u.s. 
rt explanatory/visual article on the 2-year process behind syrian refugees entering u.s. 
ever wanted to understand why it takes about 2 years for to enter the u.s. ? 
rt why syrian refugees must wait two years to enter the united states . 
rt in the 4 years since 2011 , the us has admitted less than 2,000 syrian refugees . germany takes more in a single day . htt … 
a 20 step process , trump out with 14 , for sure : why it takes 2 years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
why it takes 2 years for to enter the u.s. via 
rt syrians already subject to additional checks than other refugees . here's the process : … 
rt why it takes two years to screen syrian refugees trying to get into the us 
rt the ny times looks at the current vetting process a refugee must go through before being relocated to the u.s. … 
rt the 20-step , two-year process for syrian refugees to settle in the us . required reading for candidates . … 
good information on the current screening process in place for syrian refugees → 
rt too bad there isn’t this stringent a process for screening out fear mongering politicians . 
rt here's why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the united states … 
rt why it takes 2 years for a syrian refugee to apply to come to the us 
a 2-yr process ? wtf are afraid of ? call it what it is & mindless of refugees 
why it takes 2 years for syrian refugees to enter the us since 2011 , the us has admitted < 2,000 syrian refugees ! 
rt i'll just leave this here for the u.s. crowd : 
excellent , succinct info from why it takes 2 yrs to enter the us . 

meet some of our top commenters 
rt this is cool . the highlights their top commentators 
rt the ny times respects and touts people who post excellent comments . maybe this is why there are exc … 
this is different , and awesome : profiles of top contributors to the -- their commenters : 
the times profiled their top commenters and identified them by their screennames i love this so much ahhhh <3 
this is adorable : 
rt this is a brilliant way to help build a valuable community via 
rt well done the new york times . an excellent exercise in audience engagement . 
this is a fun read . i'm fascinated by pretty much everything about internet comments . 
the news york times profiles some of the most influential contributors to 
rt this is so lovely . long live comments . - via 
meet the top commenters from the 
stories like this are why i love the new york times [ even ] more than free refills and filthy basslines . 
meet some of the top commenters 
rt meet the nyt's top commenters . this is an amazing group of humans : 
a minister . an engineer . a former lobbyist : the profiled a few of its most influential commenters . 
rt i love it : does a story about its top commenters 
meet some of the new york times top commenters 
rt love this . meet some of top commenters 
put faces to the names of commenters at the 
rt love this : the nyt profiles its top reader commenters . long have i wondered about socrates in verona nj ! … 
rt larry eisenberg , 95 , " has made a name for himself by commenting in poetry " on the nyt site . https :/ … 
ha ! rt this is cool . profiles their favorite commenters 
rt 1 ) this is so great . 2 ) i want to be larry eisenberg when i grow up . 
chelsea handler's brother is one of the top commenters to 

town of scarred by , strives to rebuild 
town of kobani , scarred by isis , strives to rebuild 
rt kobani , syria , is trying now to overcome the deep scars of war and rebuild 
syrian town of kobani , which managed to expel isis with kurdish help , is trying to rebuild itself . heart-warming 
kobani journal : town of kobani , scarred by isis , strives to … 
a syrian town scarred by isis is trying to rebuild — and there are signs of life 
less than a year after driving out the islamic state , residents of the kurdish border town in northern syria are trying to rebuild homes and lives amid rubble . 

a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
" a voice over the intercom delivers the bad news ... your train is delayed because of a sick passenger . " 
on the subway , one rider's illness is many riders ' delay . ' there has to be a better way to handle it . ' 
somehow the ny times avoids asking why people feel it necessary to ride the subway while sick . sick leave , anyone ? 
a hated phrase that nyc subway passengers are hearing w/ increased frequency : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ' sick passenger ' - new york times 
this is the result of nyers not being more proactive and team-oriented in carrying sick people off everyone suffers 
can't always blame people for being sick . mta should better inform passengers what to do when they're feeling ill 
the ~ greatest city on earth ~ deserves way better than the inept and ancient mta mafia 
guys ! sometimes nyc subway riders get sick , causing delays , which annoys other new yorkers , and the times is on it . 
sick passengers causing nyc subway delays jump to 3,000 a month , from just 1,800 in 2012 : 
insightful tale of the mta's proverbial sick passenger , w/ transit-beat-mandated kicker . 
‘ sick passenger ’ : a phrase that subway riders hate 
this morning 
nyc subway risks . “ it just doesn’t make sense to delay thousands of people over one sick passenger . ” 
i once elected to throw up on platform at w 4th rather than be a much loathed " sick passenger " 
our nyc subway ads got a little face time in this piece about the increasing sick delays :: 
we've all cursed those " sick passenger " delays on the nyc subway . here's what's really going on : 
rt these are the words no new york subway rider wants to hear . 
" sick passenger " train delays have nearly doubled since 2012 
rt “ if you got sick , would you want someone to step over you & say : i’m late to get to macy’s ? ” … 
why can't they be just taken off the train until help arrives ? a hated phrase : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
" i'm late to get to macy's " is the most new york times reason to be annoyed on a train delayed by a sick passenger 
. on what's up with " sick passenger " delays on the subway : 
this is really a great week for stories about the subway . via and 
nyc subway workers are instructed to announce a suicide on the tracks as a " police investigation " 
" sick passengers " are causing more delays than ever on but do we know what exactly is going on ? 
yes , there have been more subway delays because of sick passengers , discovers 
sick passengers have accounted for about 3,000 train delays each month this year in nyc 

it could always be worse ... a lot worse : 
nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
nets ' disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
" nets ' disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse " via 
great story idea , but man is it over-written 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps … 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting ... 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics … 
porzingis yesterday , nets ( pierce/garnett ) today . from sublime to ridiculous 

randall munroe explains it all for us 
randall munroe's fans include bill gates and neil gaiman . his new book is " thing explainer . " 
what would happen if a pitcher threw a baseball at 90% the speed of light ? 
" [ audience ] expanded .. to include mainstream readers who are curious about how stuff works " 
randall munroe , former nasa roboticist and creator of xkcd , explains it all for us 
how does randall munroe explain it all ? procrastination helps . fun profile of best-selling cartoonist 
randall munroe from explains it all for us 
if you can’t explain something simply , you don’t really understand it - bill gates 
rare 
weird , i always thought xkcd creator randall munroe's stick figures were self-portraits 

to the rescue in 
rt of all the belgium lockdown twitter cats this may be my favorite . story here : … 
icymi : police ask belgians not to tweet about to flood they instead tweet cat pictures . 
tweets beaucoup de in answer to lockdown . 
cats will save the world : twitter cats to the rescue in 
humorous cats to the rescue in brussels lockdown ! 
. i assume this'll be the subject of your next dispatch - twitter cats to rescue in brussels lockdown 
solidarity through cat photos ? 
hehe .. i love this . twitter cats to there rescue . 
cats ( okay , sometimes dogs , too ) own the internet : to the rescue in brussels lockdown 
twitter to the rescue in lockdown 
clever . 
when asked to stay off of social media , know that the answer is cats . always cats . via 
clearly , belgium is full of geniuses w highly developed senses ( of humor ) 
ok .... it is about cats ... 
we are a resilient species . cat video artists just might be stronger than makers of mayhem . 
. cats to the rescue in brussels during lockdown & terror alert ! 
to the rescue in brussels lockdown - ha ! 
rt to the rescue in 

" breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest " 
let's emphasize all that's good for moms about breastfeeding , not let people focus on mothering . 
breast-feeding is good for babies , and for mothers . via 
nytimes : breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest 
breast-feeding is good for mothers too , not just babies , studies suggest 

pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel 
"" by unknown author via nyt 

isis women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
food for thought : portrait of life in a war zone - recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
raqqa : isis women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
syrian horror story . 
rt how three women survived the islamic state , and then escaped . 
rt inside isis : great revelatory piece .. dont miss it : 
this is some invaluable insight . // isis women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
how three women became members of isis ' morality police [ via 
rt inside raqqa , the city hollande is so willingly bombing . not syria anymore . just a cage for many innocent people . … 
rt amazing detail in this piece on raqqa ( preis/post is ) ie fighters ' wives take birth control so bab … 
pretty gripping tale of isis women and enforcers in syria , couldn't stop imagining if it were happening to me . 
rt women in syria recount forced marriage , brutality , anguish and escape -a harrowing read - brave journalism https://… 
a compelling , factual and very informative tale , to help gauge the rationale if any and driving force behind the cho … 
rt powerful accounts of three women who've watched life in raqqa utterly change under jihadist control : 
wow . a look inside the tough choices women have to make in isis-occupied areas 
rt fascinating story about the mundane transition of three normal syrian girls into isis enforcers in raqqa … 
3 excellent articles on isis and women : 2 ) sobering nyt piece on the experience of two women stuck in syria . 
and enforcers in recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
what's happening in syria sounds too similar to the rise of the nazi party in the 1930s 
women's role in isis is one i struggle to comprehend provides this insightful recounting of some who escaped 
how to live in an islamic state , or be whipped or die . 
these young women's experiences with daesh constitute the counter narrative . 
such an account by real women . reminds us that these are three dimensional ppl . 
an awesome story of 3 women working as khansa brigade members in isis . their previous lives , marriage & final escape 
very interesting article about isis . 
put away your dystopian novels - reality is worse : isis women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration 
" too much blood has been spilled on all sides " : a story of women who were the enforcers of isis 
what do you think ? 
have a read of this before you tune into channel4 at 9.00 pm this evening 
barbaric , uncivilized & inhumane 
these women were morality police 

" a side serving of science for your next birthday party " 
nytscience : rt jimgorman : a side serving of science for your next birthday party 
james gorman jimgorman : a side serving of science for your next birthday party 
a side serving of for your next birthday party thanks 
this is fun and educational a side serving of science for your next birthday party 
watching popping balloons with a high = speed camera : 

agriculture linked to dna changes in ancient europe 
genome analysis of ancient dna links agriculture with dna changes in europe 
" how agriculture may have changed the skin color and height of ancient europeans " 
decoding european dna . milk digestion , skin color , height & invaders . via 
you are what you eat ? well , not exactly , but apparently we are who we are because of what they ate , 8,500 years ... 
sharing the auto links popping and linksexploaded under the rainbow !! 
fascinating article by surprised we aren't seeing more genetic change associated with contagious disease 
great article : 
rt are we hunter-gatherers , or r we now farmers , genetically ? 
rt carl zimmer with the latest on the genetics of the agricultural revolution : 

" thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right " 
too hilarious for words . " thanksgiving with college students : fantasy , reality , & getting it right " v 
the counter : filthy . the laundry : in the entry . the glasses ? all gone . your kid is home from college : 
thanksgiving with your college student ... 
newly minted college students , adult in their minds and kids to their parents , are coming home . how to cope : 
they want to see friends . you want to see them . they're becoming adults . you miss your kid . college visits : 
college students coming home for the first time ? it may not be what you expect , but it can still be great ; 
thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality ... or back home ballers 
" i had been a parent for nearly 20 years . if i learned only one thing it was to pick my battles " . 
you send your anxious , excited freshman away in the fall . who's the person walking in the door for winter break ?... 
when your kids ' first college visit isn't exactly how you thought it would be : 
your child & thanksgiving . as with all else , you know your child & family best so do what works for you ... 
with aged kids is tough : here's one parent's outlook . 
parents of college students : read before they get home for thanksgiving via 
fantastic . a must-read . thanksgiving w/ college students : fantasy , reality , & getting it right via 
motherlode blog : thanksgiving , with college … 

fired living thing sues construction benghazi organisation and its living thing 
rt fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : … 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader 
fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : via 
via nyt > middle east 
benghazi committee investigator sues over his firing 
former benghazi committee investigator for republicans sues over his dismissal 

rt a u . n . -backed climate meeting starts next monday in paris . more than 120 national leaders are set to attend … 
rt un report : weather disasters injured 4.1 bn people in last 20 yrs , caused trillions in damage , and will keep rising https … 
extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 decades 
rt extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 decades 
rt powerful article : extreme tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 decades https :/ … 
ny times : extreme tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 decades 
weather disasters killed more than 600 , 000 , injured 4.1 bn people in last 20 yrs , caused trillions in damage . 
rt the u.n. is warning that the frequency and impact of weather-related disasters will rise 
extreme weather tied to 600,000 + deaths over 2 decades ; events occurring at the rate of ~ one per day . 
ocean sciences article of the day - europe : extreme weather tied to 600,000 deaths over 20 years ( new york times ) 
don't let the drama in distract you from the crucial event next week - 
weather-related disasters in the past 2 decades have killed more than 600,000 people & they are only getting worse 
a week before a climate meeting in paris , the united nations office for disaster risk reduction warned that the frequency of such events was expected to rise . 

f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs 
" the right regulation would separate good from bad tests and encourage use of the better ones . " 
fda targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs - new york times 
f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests . so many tests = surrogates of doctoring . when will listening be in vogue ? 
“ patients have been demonstrably harmed or may have been harmed by tests that did not meet f.d.a. requirements " 
f.d.a. targets inaccurate and unreliable medical tests , citing dangers and costs 
no oversight for laboratory-developed tests means they are inaccurate & dangerous : 
science ! 
rt more on the congressional hearing from the nyt 

pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
rt the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
rt the beauty of this feature is in its simplicity : the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? https://… 
top story : with raymond the climate change pledges are in . wil … see more 
good interactive on climate change pledges . if nothing else , highlights need for novel post-2030 strategies&thinking 
much too little , far too late . 
the are in . are they sufficient to stop 
this swift explainer on the paris climate talks was designed for mobile readers : 
ruh roh . ( thanks ted . ) 
climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? depressing interactive 
rt what countries have pledged before the climate talks in paris start next week : … 
rt without the pledges , global temperatures would likely jump more than 8ºf by 2100 . … 
the pledges for co2 reduction would limit global temperature rise to 6 degrees f 
the change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? - the new york times 
the climate change pledges are in . they are still not good enough . 
new interactive feature from ny times : the change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
curious how the climate talks in paris are going ? check it out ! ( they're not going well enough ) 
top story : retweets the climate change pledges are in . will … see more 
top story : info & news the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anythin … see more 
rt carbon dioxide reduction : the gap between what countries have pledged , and what the goal is https : … 
great infographic on the reduction commitments of governments going into in paris 

in france , some see the police security net as too harsh 
in france , some see the police security net as too harsh : with expanded police powers extended for three more ... 
rt french push broad sweep forsuspects after attacks ; concerns over liberties ... 
rt extraordinary response by france to isis attack . precedent for cameron if it happened here https : … 
' some ' implied as few , compared to a more likely wary many 
france : at least 1,072 police searches , 139 interrogations , & 117 people placed in custody since 
with expanded police powers in france , some question if the loss of liberties is appropriate 
with expanded police powers extended for three more months , some , particularly muslims , question whether the loss of liberties is appropriate . 

only 3 northern white rhinoceroses left on earth 
endangered white rhino dies at zoo safari park - only 3 nothrn white rhinos left 
endangered white rhino nola dies at ... | 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park poaching , " civil " wars , human indifference . rip nola 
sure , when it is a white rhino , the media cares . 
nola , one of only four known northern white rhinoceroses , died on sunday at the san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left in the world : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left ... blows my mind endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park - new york times 
and then there were three . endangered dies at san diego zoo safari park 
sad side of science -endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zo o-o nly 3 known yet to exist . 
and then there were 3 - devastating 
sad news to hear that the endangered white rhino nola died at safari park 
this is truly sad : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered northern white rhino dies at san diego zoo this weekend . only 3 left in the world 
anf then there were three : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
there are only 3 white rhinos remaining on this planet . endangered white rhino nola dies 
breaks my heart : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
" endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " by liam stack via nyt science 
and then there were three : nola , one of the last white rhinos , died in san diego 
rip dear nola ! you must have been so lonely ... endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
this is what extinction looks like . 
rt awww . then there were 3 : nola , one of the last white died in san diego 
this leaves only 3 white rhinos , poachers would have it at 0 - endangered white rhino dies at san diego zoo 
the last three known northern white rhinoceroses live at the ol pejeta conservancy in kenya , where they roam in a ... 
3 white rhino left on earth ! death at san diego safari park 
3 white rhino left on the earth !! death at san diego safari park 
northern white yesterday there were only four in the world , today there are three . 

engineering mosquitoes ’ genes to resist 
engineers mosquito genes to resist malaria really cool visual , bug eyes and all 
gene drive technology could eliminate malaria : pnas open-access paper : 
" it’s hard to see any ecological downside to protecting the mosquitoes against the malarial parasite . " 
" engineering mosquitoes ' genes to resist malaria " 
disappointing piece . engineering mosquitoes to resist malaria zero risk discussion . no balance or depth . 
a big story if easy to overlook , w/ cause for hope ( may wipe out malaria ) & trepidation ( uses crispr to do it ) 
understatement du jour ? gmo mosquito " biologists are keen to avoid surprises that might arouse public hostility " 
engineering genes to resist 

how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks 
actually , $4.1 t in 2007 = $4.7 t today , so m&a in 2015 has not eclipsed 2007 
the new york times article - how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks 
additional ?! er , primary . " for pfizer there was an additional motivation , lowering its tax rate by moving to dublin " 
the deal between pfizer-allergan biggest in history between pharmaceutical companies ..... 
how the $pfe-$agn deal ranks by equity value , no . 3 behind vodafone-mannesmann and aol-time warner , says 
rt $155 billion of pfizer and allergan is the largest of all time 
$155 billion of and is the largest of all time 
with an equity value of $152 billion , the merger is the largest since the heady days of 2000 . 

first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals 
china news- first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals 
first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for … 
rt wow . trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals . 
first draft : donald trump's hosting of ' s . n . l . ' means equal airtime for rivals 
( first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for riv ... ( shaquille ) 
donald trump's hosting of ' s . n . l . ' means equal airtime for rivals i 

