

new york today : welcome to the jungle 
even if you don't like red pandas , has something for you : piglets ! bears ! patagonian cavies ! otters ! 
nytmetro : rt tatertatiana : even if you don't like red pandas , has something for you : piglets ! bears ! pata … 

why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
rt why it takes two years to screen syrian refugees trying to get into the us 
why it takes two years for to enter the u.s : 
saddened , dismayed at your vote w house republicans . the current system works ! 
rt reality check : why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
good people of america do not be alarmed by our leaders ' fear mongering . they don't know the laws ( as they should ) 
as usual , is talking thru the wrong orifice on syrian refugees . here are some actual facts . 
here is a good description of procedures for vetting refugees . 
the two year security process it takes for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
important link for the holidays : details of 2+ years process it takes syrian refugees to enter u.s. 
rt the twenty steps of the vetting processs go through before we accept them : https : … 
afraid of refugees ? check out screening process they have to pass - the new york times 
rt with mere 20-step us review process for syrian refugees , i can see why the demagogues worry . … 
rt the dumbest path for a terrorist to sneak attack the u.s. is to pose as a syrian refugee ... 
rt the 20 step refugee resettlement process that has bigoted politicians and islamophobes so worried . 
rt excellent infographic about the thorough background/security checks already in place for refugees resettling in usa . htt … 
rt here's why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the united states … 
" why it takes 2 years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. " good read . 
why in takes two years to screen refugees 
it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. and the house just voted to tighten screening procedures 
rt 20 steps & security checks ( including proposed ) refugees must pass , before being admitted to u.s. ht … 
rt syrians already subject to additional checks than other refugees . here's the process : … 
rt ever wanted to understand why it takes about 2 years for to enter the u.s. ? 
rt good information on the current screening process in place for syrian refugees → 
rt why syrian refugees must wait two years to enter the united states . 
rt why it takes 2 years for a syrian refugee to apply to come to the us 
i wonder how many of those who oppose welcoming those fleeing from poverty , violence and death could pass this ?... 
rt for everyone who seriously thinks it's easy to enter the u.s. as a syrian refugee - 
rt excellent , succinct info from why it takes 2 yrs to enter the us . … 
why does it take 2 years for a syrian refugee to get to the us ? 


this is pretty interesting : profiles some of its top commenters 
the profiles some of its top commenters : 
nyt profiled their top commenters . including a 95 year old man who comments only in poetry . 
meet some of our top commenters 
conservatives don't make the top commenters list 
meet some of the top commenters on 
rt this is lovely . well done , and nyt community . 
a brilliant way to encourage reader engagement : profile your top commenters . ( the story currently has 1264 comments ) 
larry eisenberg ftw - meet some top nyt commenters 
a good reason why comment sections shouldn't be shut . would b fun 2see a similar piece cc 
our top commenters would just be guys who use their cars as facebook cover photos 
the acknowledge their readership by profiling their top commenters 
interesting piece about top commenters on good to give them some visibility . 
this nyt project is so good : vignettes about their top commenters . all hail larry eisenberg 
rt meet the nyt's top commenters . this is an amazing group of humans : 
really enjoyed this piece , which profiles popular commenters : thanks for sharing ( go larry ! ) 
meet some of top commenters h/t 
one of a site's potentially greatest assets is its community . good to see the tending its garden . 
commenters , in this digital era , are transforming the new york times 
nyt profiles it's top online commenters ! 
for an nyt comment , " i can spend a half-hour writing and rewriting the first line . " 
the profiles some of their top commenters via need to know newsletter 
nyt commenters : " i like news . i like reading it ... not tv heads screaming at me about how i should be perceiving it " 
as an occasional moderator , i loved this . meets some of the nyt's top commenters : 
these are some of the top commenters on 
rt nice move by to recognize top commenters !! 
nice . introduces some of its top commenters : 
this is great , the new york times profiles the top commenters on its website - via 
meet some of top commentors , people who value being informed 
from poet/electrical engineer ( age 95 ) to stay-at-home mom , nyt commenting community luminaries outshine the trolls : 
rt charming & thoughtful commenters actually exist , profiled here 
clicked just to see if larry was on here dude who somehow comments on like every nyt article in poetry ! ) 

to cam newton , the only numbers that matter are 10 and 0 - - 
bill rhoden is a cranky old man who thinks you kids need to take your calculators and get out of the press box : 
ease up on the analytics when assessing newton , writes the goat mc 
" look beyond the numbers and find a leader emerging " 
getslimmerquickly / sports of the times : look beyond the numbers and find a leader emer ... 





breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies - 
" breast-feeding forces the breasts to finally grow up and get a job , and make milk (...)" 
is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest | 
new research : breastfeeding linked to lower risk of breast & ovarian cancers , type 2 diabetes & rheumatoid arthritis 
breast-feeding is good for mothers - lowering risk for breast and ovarian cancers , studies suggest via 
studies show that breast feeding reduces the risk of breast cancer and can correct insulin & blood sugar ... 
not the 1st time researchers have argued that breastfeeding is good for mothers via 
the fourth of pregnancy - restoring to longterm metabolic health via 
breast feeding is one of my favorite things about being a mommy , it's good for mom , not just babies via 
more good news about the preventive benefits of for women : 
health - the new york time breast-feeding is good for mothers , no … see more 
breast-feeding is good for not just studies suggest . via 
breast-feeding inhibits diabetes , cancers , heart attacks , and rheumatoid arthritis 
as it turns out , can be an important part of post-natal health for babies and 
spunky dr. says nursing " forces breasts to finally grow up and get a job ” 
' some scientists have started referring to breast-feeding as the “ fourth trimester ” of pregnancy that completes ... 
more research evidence that breastfeeding benefits moms too ! via 
studies suggest is good for mothers , not just babies . great news via 
is good for not just studies suggest via 
" breast-feeding forces the breasts to finally grow up & get a job " : sigh . why can't you just be a breast of leisure 
has long term health benefits for moms . read on ! 
breast-feeding may be good for mothers , not just babies 

randall munroe's fans include bill gates and neil gaiman . his new book is " thing explainer . " 
randall munroe explains it all for us - - 
alumnus randall munroe ' 06 is profiled in today's talking about his new book and how cool science is 
randall munroe explains it all ( and simply ! ) in thing explainer , on sale now : 
it sounds like everyone should get the " thing explainer . " lovely to have it all explained . 
randall munroe ( xkcd to most of us ) explains it all for us 
what would happen if a pitcher threw a baseball at 90% the speed of light ? 
" [ audience ] expanded .. to include mainstream readers who are curious about how stuff works " 
randall munroe , former nasa roboticist and creator of xkcd , explains it all for us 

police : please don't tweet our location . belgians : cats . 
this is maartje , a cat from ghent , belgium . she will not be intimidated . 
cats to the rescue in 
why isn't this story trending ? 
not sure what al siegal would say : open nyt story on cats in brussels , and screen filled by video ad -- for purina . 
fighting terror with cat photos in belgium . 
appreciating the bright side of social media in spite of tensions running high 
rt of all the belgium lockdown twitter cats this may be my favorite . story here : … 
" the cats appeared with machine guns , french fries and beer to comfort the citizens of brussels ... " 
rt gotta love those belgians and their cats . disclosure : i might be just a little biased . 
the one in this picture looks like bartholomew's long-lost belgian sister : 


nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
nets and celtics ; some things never change 
wrote a column about the sad fortunes of broooklyn .... broooklyn 
boo hoo , brooklyn : 
nets ' disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse - new york times 
dating single on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting w ... 
it could always be worse ... a lot worse : 
" nets ' disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse " via 
great story idea , but man is it over-written 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps … 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting … 


pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel 
pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel - looks delicious ! 
"" by unknown author via nyt 

the 911 system isn’t ready for the iphone era 
the 911 system is not ready for the iphone era 
rt in op-ed , fcc's wheeler calls for federal funding to help 911 centers upgrade to handle texts , photos … 
mt 911 emergency system established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more at 10/11c . 
rt the 911 emergency system was established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more a … 
the 911 emergency system was established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more at 10/11c . 
. chairman tom wheeler calls on congress to help states update an antiquated 911 system : 
" 911 handle about 240 million calls a year [ .. ] but many local 911 call centers can’t receive a text , photo or video " 
911 isn't fully ready for what the world expects , is it ? nena - national emergency number association's oped ... 
the 911 system isn't ready for the iphone era - new york times 
the system isn’t ready for the era 
the 911 system isn’t ready for the internet era 
fcc chairman , tom wheeler , wrote a great ' plain english ' op-ed about the next years ahead for 9-1-1 . today in the ne … 
i like this idea very much : the 911 system isn’t ready ... 
opinion | the 911 system isn’t ready for the era - the new york times 
the system isn’t ready for the iphone era 
very important read : 
article from the 911 system isn’t ready for the era 
nyt op ed by on ( spoiler alert ! he's for it . ) 
" many local 911 call centers can’t receive a text , photo or video from a person in need " 
this is a big reason why nys ought to be returning more of the 911phone surcharge funds back to local government . 
we're working to bring next generation 911 solutions like tex t-t o-911 to our community , but we're not there yet .... 
rt the 911 system isn’t ready for the era 
so true : 911 system isn't ready for the smartphone era : 
rt seems like a clearly right idea in today's fcc chairman tom wheeler on how we need to update 911 … 
it's time . 





" ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations " 
rt poor baby thinks it's the media's fault he's dumb . ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations https : … 
the vulgar , personal attacks are actually ben carson quotes : supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations 
ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks on his absurdist lies in seeking donations via 
who chairs the ben carson-aligned superpac ? john philip sousa iv 
first draft : ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donation ... 
first draft : ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar’… 

turkey shoots down military plane near syria border 
turkish fighter jets shot down a military plane close to the syrian border on tuesday 

a side serving of science for your next birthday party 
" a side serving of science for your next birthday party " by james gorman via nyt science 
a side serving of for your next birthday party thanks 
watching popping balloons with a high = speed camera : 

6,000 years of human natural selection in europe . 
agriculture linked to dna changes in ancient europe 
nytimesworld : rt carlzimmer : icymi , here’s my story on 6,000 years of human natural selection in europe . … 
culture shapes our genes ; fantastic new evidence via & via 
this is fascinating . basically shows 8,500 years of natural selection at work in humans in europe 
linked to changes in ancient 


adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer , dies at 90 
rt " the point of no return came when she told him that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " why mailer … 
married to mailer , inspired by " carmen " : “ you lived from crisis to crisis , sang love duets and had screaming fights ” 
adele mailer , artist who wed norman mailer , dies 
nytimesarts : rt hellernyt : married to mailer , inspired by " carmen " : “ you lived from crisis to crisis , sang love du … 
" the point of no return came when she told her husband that he was not as good as dostoyevsky " 
at least he came to realize he had to appear contrite ? norman mailer , on stabbing his wife : 
" the point of no return came when she told him that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " why mailer stabbed his wife . 
" i decided i was going to be that beautiful temptress who ate men alive , flossed her teeth and spit out the bones " 
that time norman mailer stabbed his wife in the heart and never served a day in jail for it 
rt norman mailer stabs his wife , tells judge : “ naturally i have been a little upset ... " . what an assho … 
rip adele mailer . “ after he died " ... all she could say was , ‘ he was a monster ’" 
mailer stabs wife while wearing a ruffled matador shirt , tells court " i insist i am sane . " the judge disagreed . 
rip adele mailer . " the point of no return came when she told him he was not as good as dostoyevsky " 
adele mailer , rip : 
mailer stabbed her in the stomach and back with a penknife , puncturing her cardiac sac . 
mrs. mailer taunted her husband , deriding his manhood , [ telling him ] he was not as good as dostoyevsky . 
ginsberg and podhoretz got into a fight and had to be separated . 
rt norman mailer's wife said he wasn't as good a writer as so he stabbed her . true story . … 
norman mailer stabs his wife , tells judge : “ naturally i have been a little upset ... " . what an asshole , good riddance . 
brilliant adele mailer obit : " the point of no return came when she told her husband he wasn't as good as dostoyevsky " 
the relationship , replete with affairs and stabbing , was stormy . adele , married to norman mailer , dies at 90 
adele mailer , 90 , artist , actress , wife and stabbing victim of norman mailer : “ adele morales was an aspiring pain … 
artist who was married to norman mailer for > 10 yrs gets an obit that references him in every paragraph : 

rt last week , turkey summoned the russian ambassador to discuss the bombing of turkmen villages ht … 
rt off to my survival bunker . best of luck to you all . " turkey shoots down russian warplane " https :/ … 
turkey shoots down russian warplane near syrian border 
rt breaking news : putin calls turkey’s downing of a russian fighter jet near the syrian border a “ stab in the back ” … 
gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of police in minneapolis 
shoots down warplane near border this is how wwiii starts . demand immediate cease fire 
rt turkish fighter jets shot down a military plane close to the syrian border on tuesday … 
rt turkey shoots down military plane near the syrian border 
this is getting ugly in a hurry . now reports of a rescue helicopter and possibly a second plane being shot down .... 
this is worrying 
rt first time in history member ( shoots down russian plane . 
crap ... : $ 
downing of jet near syrian border = first time anything negative has dominated russian coverage of syria campaign 
rt putin calls shoot down by a stab in the back by those who abet terrorism 
rt downs plane has destabilized world thanks … 
turkey shoots down military plane near syria border 
putin calls downing of plane " a stab in the back " and accuses turkey of helping isis sell oil 
retweeted frances townsend ( putin calls shoot down by a stab in the back by ... 
turkey shots down russian warplane near syrian border : 
turkey shoots down russian jet near syrian border .... 
" the incident occurred as russia and the west were slowly edging toward some manner of understanding to unite ... 
rt the turks respond strongly to russian provocations ; the kremlin downplays it . a lesson for western statesmen . … 
just shot down a warplane near the border . how will respond ? 

president obama welcomed president hollande to washington to map out the fight against isis . 
as part of the the meeting with on isis 
françois hollande meeting with obama on isis strategy : the french president was arriving in was ... 
hollande meeting with obama today maybe the two of them can conference with putin and ergodan by skype ! 
françois hollande meeting with obama on isis strategy : the french president was arriving in was ... ( via 
world news - françois hollande meeting with obama on isis strategy : the french president was arriving in washi ... 
nytimes me : françois hollande meeting with obama on isis strategy : the french president was arriving i ... 
dillydee blogs françois hollande meeting with obama on isis strategy : the french president was arriv ... follow us 
françois hollande meeting with obama on isis strategy : the french president was arriving i ... ( via 
françois hollande meeting with obama on isis strategy : the french president was arriving in … 
via nyt > middle east 
franã§ois hollande meeting with obama on isis strategy 
" françois hollande meeting with obama on isis strategy " by peter baker via nyt the new york times 


" putting the chicken before the egg " 
pastured eggs are one of the fastest-growing category of eggs in america today , as per the 
pasture-raised in the ! 
a growing market for pastured eggs from 
americans are learning to put the ( health of the ) chicken before the egg , so to speak : 
the best thing about chickens is you don’t have to herd them nyt : // i did not know this 
pastured eggs are on the rise ! take a look into this parental lesson turned pastured egg farm . 
growth in consumer awareness re : hens living conditions due 2 undercover videos . thanks ! 
revelation from humane farming : " the best thing about chickens is you don't have to herd them . " 
looks like a pasture raised success story ... 
we like to see news about animals on pasture .... why it is news , i am not sure , as it is the most natural thing in ... 
2nd article this a.m. making me want to run away , back to the country : i miss my chickens . 
putting the matter before the reproductive cell 
putting the pastured chicken before the egg via 
raising hens that have access to open pastures ? what an eggcellent idea 
" the best thing about chickens is you don’t have to herd them . " … pastured 
pastured eggs have made it into mainstream media ! 
our " local " eggs make the big time ! we've eaten these for years , visited the farm and met the family . omg so good . 
cleaner eggs are hatching everywhere . 

fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader 
rt fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and trey gowdy 
rt podliska , fired from benghazi cmte for not attacking is suing to be reinstated : … 
" fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader " by michael s . schmidt via 
rt fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : … 
podliska , fired from benghazi cmte for not attacking is suing to be reinstated : via 
fired living thing sues construction benghazi organisation and its living thing 
fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : via 
via nyt > middle east 

addicts , fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
for addicts , daily fantasy sports sites can lead to a ruinous path [ via 
daily fantasy sport sites took his latent gambling problem to the brink of suicide 
new york times article/video on daily fantasy sports and gambling problems 
rt to those with addiction , daily fantasy sports looks a lot like gambling 
for those struggling with gambling fantasy sites can lead to a ruinous path via 
for addicts , fantasy sports sites can lead to ruinous path - 
for fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
while fanduel and draftkings are thriving ... more patients of gambling ? 
for gambling addicts , fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
are fantasy sports sites feeding gambling 
mass ag says draft kings is game of skill that needs regulation . ny ag disagrees . what say you ? 
really think sports not gambling lol 
nytimes , " for [ gambling ] addicts , fantasy [ sports ] sites can lead to ruinous path " : 
draftkings now warns playing fantasy sports could be a “ stress-inducer . ” but the word “ gambling ” does not appear > 
this article was a great advert for gambling anonymous .. show the extreme and the not so obvious is unveiled ... 

" in praise of the good enough holiday " 
" that which is recorded on the heart is , alas , not instagrammable . " 
i know this is just some other bs nyt think-piece about the state of humankind in the modern world , but it's good -> 
has social media killed our entertaining buzz ? 



targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs 
" targets inaccurate tests , citing dangers and costs , " as thousands get unnecessary operations & 
fda targets inaccurate medical tests . 
ldt issue reaches article seems to assert fda regulation of ldts is inevitable 
inaccurate lab tests may prompt abortions & unneeded surgery , says 
f.d.a. targets inaccurate citing dangers and costs 
targets inaccurate tests manufactured & used w/in a single lab- rhodium assists clients in compliance . 
targets inaccurate citing and 
" false positive " testing worse than no testing at all 
fda targets inaccurate and unreliable medical tests : 
targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers & costs . by false positives and negatives 
rt overuse & over interpretation of medical tests rampant in our culture fda cracking down on poor … 
overuse & over interpretation of medical tests rampant in our culture fda cracking down on poor performers 
it seems as if almost every day i read something more distressing about healthcare in the us . is our system in ... 
some faulty tests lead to is that the only reason might give more oversight of them ? 
rt " the right regulation would separate good from bad tests and encourage use of the better ones . " 
rt f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests . so many tests = surrogates of doctoring . when will listening be in vogue ? htt … 
rt top health story : f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers … see more … 
rt 2/2 nytimes says industry (& gop ) opposition to all regulation are weakening to quote mr spock … 
need similar standards in india 
2/2 nytimes says industry (& gop ) opposition to all regulation are weakening to quote mr spock - " fascinating " 
rt no oversight for laboratory-developed tests means they are inaccurate & dangerous : 
f.d.a. targets inaccurate tests , citing and costs - the new york times 

a chill grips a michigan haven for syrian families 
i grew up , peacefully , in suburban detroit amid refugees from iraq/iran . why are arab refugees suddenly a threat ? 
insight into what it really takes to come here as a syrian refugee . chill grips a michigan haven for syrian families 
michigan is home to nearly 200 syrian refugees . this family arrived last week . 
rt tannercurtis : michigan is home to nearly 200 syrian refugees . this family arrived last week . … 
share this story by on syrian refugees in us with people on both sides of the issue : 
no matter yr take on the issue , you should know what it's like to actually be a syrian refugee in the us : 
sawyerbrendan : good nytimes read why should remain open for business/welcome those fleeing violence like … 
good read why should remain open for business/welcome those fleeing violence like that of 
in michigan , syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven 
ouch nyt : in detroit suburbs refugees trade mideast war 4 cold winters , strip malls&houses as uniform asmonopoly pces 
writes a fantastic , heartbreaking article on syrian in michigian : 
a grips a haven for 
< " we didn’t cross illegally , ” he said . he threw his hands in the air . “ we went through hell to get here . " > 
" they said , ‘ we’ll send you to michigan ' ... they told us it’s very beautiful . " it is . 
according to the n york times the us has acceptet 1.800 syrian refugees since october 2014 . 
rt syrian refugees face distrust in michigan , once a haven for displaced families . … 
new york times - usa - growing unease in a longtime u.s. haven for syrians - 
housing , food and most importantly cigarettes and ipads ? plenty of $ for pressure cooker and all things syrian 
“ we didn’t cross illegally , ” he said . he threw his hands in the air . “ we went through hell to get here . ” 
rt syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven in michigan 
even choked with fear , how can you deny weary families a haven ? 
in michigan , cling to a longtime haven -several human faces to the refugee crisis . 

our analysis of pledges in elegant interactive from 
the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
summarizes co2 emissions pledge for the — simulation data by & 
the pledges are in , will they fix anything ? 
great easy to follow graphic report on the climate change pledges vs prior goals . 
the co2 emission pledges are in : not enough to limit the damage to earth's life support system 
> chart shows global pledges = 6°f warming ' sted of 8°f . 
rt the climate change pledges are in . they are still not good enough . 
another great visualization by nytimes in climate change pledges 
the emissions goal countries agreed to in 2010 was to limit the temperature increase to 3.6 ºf . the new ones ? 6.3 ºf 
interactive graph showing the affect of climate change pledges by and 
ending fossil fuel extraction is the best way to reduce emissions . the next president needs to 
without the pledges , global temperatures would likely jump more than 8ºf by 2100 . 
the nyt has created an interesting , though terrifying , graphic . true , 200 ... 
rt carbon dioxide reduction : the gap between what countries have pledged , and what the goal is https : … 
climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? nyt fail ? 
rt new interactive feature from ny times : the change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
countries are pledging to reduce emissions , but will those promises stop the warming ? this data viz says no 
great coverage of and for those who dont know what these acronyms mean ! 
pledges still over the needed 2c to avoid catastrophic climate change . not rational ! 
interactive from the pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
great graphics headed into the paris climate change conf . " climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? " 
the climate change pledges are in . will they fix the problem ? via 
ocean sciences article of the day - climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? ( new york times ) 
rt what countries have pledged before the climate talks in paris start next week : … 

5 are shot near minneapolis protests . police search for three white men wearing masks . 
5 are shot near minneapolis protests , police say 
5 protestor shot in minneapolis , police say 
protestors shot at a closing borders won't help if the enemy is within . 
meanwhile in america : 3 white males sought as 5 are shot near minneapolis protests 
this hurts my heart . 
5 are shot at protests , 
5 shot " near " protest . i'm sure the passive , random tone of this headline is unintentional . 😑 
5 shot at minneapolis protest , by 

with ben carson , the doctor and the politician can v 
rt when ben carson speaks , are you hearing from a gifted neurosurgeon , or a conservative politician ? … 
when ben carson speaks , are you hearing from a gifted neurosurgeon , or a conservative politician ? via 
with the and the can vary sharply 
the two sides of ben carson 
interesting , well-researched & reported article on the enigma that is 
rt in profile of carson , brilliant surgeon , and mine the inexplicable complexity of being human … 
with the doctor and the politician can vary sharply 
omg . ben carson believes in god , doesn't believe in evolution , and is soft on vaccines . the horror ! 
ben carson and i have something in common beside the fact neither of us should be president . i don't swear either - 
a little bit about ben carson prior to his presidential campaign : 
dr. ben , doctor and the politician can vary sharply dr. ben , presidential candidates don't get treated like gods 
ben carson has a portrait of him and jesus on his wall at home - 
rt with ben carson , doctor & politician can vary sharply with a cameo from a former r … 
rt . the doctor v . the candidate . ( via and … 
important read with regard to one of the political dwarf's - sleep or dopey - not sure . 
rt wait you're not telling us ? what did a duck say ?! 
ny times politics newtop story : with ben carson , the doctor and the politician … see more 
“ when he walked around hopkins , he was like god . ” long before politics , ben carson was med students ' idol : 
rt portrait in ben carson's home depicting him with jesus really rounds out the nyt profile … 
nytimes : hospital colleagues see 2 carsons 
ben carson appears lucid in nyt interview on science vs . ideology . 
inside story of career is not so glittering as it's made out to be — as this article reveals this 
rt a possible ' rosebud ' here about where obsession w pc began : his removal as hopkins grad speaker … 
at home , ben carson has " a painting of dr. carson in a lab coat next to jesus , who has his arm on carson’s shoulder " : 
with ben carson , doctor & politician can vary sharply with a cameo from a former resident 
on the connection between ben carson the candidate and ben carson the neurosurgeon 
pro and con . more failed outcomes than you would expect . 
rt ben carson as surgeon : " he was like god . " on carson the surgeon vs carson the politician . https :/ … 
would the real ben carson please standup 
nytpolitics : rt tripgabriel : a possible ' rosebud ' here about where realbencarson's obsession w pc began : his remov … 

how to talk to your relatives about politics at thanksgiving - - 
pro tip : don't . just don't . 
a how-to guide to talking politics at thanksgiving ( or just don't bring it up at all ) via 
know you now want to share your new knowledge : how to talk to relatives about politics at t'giving via 
how2 talk2 ur relatives re : politics@ thanksgiving via yo , in my fam , it's all we talk about . 

when a bag is based on math 
when is based on the new 
oh , math , you used to be so cool . i thought we had this ' thing ' . now you've sold out and gone corporate . 

frozen lion cubs still have their fur 12,000 years later 
there is a place called the kingdom of permafrost museum ..! i want to visit . 
a furry pair of lion cubs born in the ice age have been found " perfectly frozen " in the siberian arctic 
frozen lion cubs found in siberia still have their fur 12,000 years later 
cute little cave lion , only 12,000 years old : 
frozen lion cubs still have their fur 12000 years later - new york times 

holiday travelers facing tougher security measures 
holiday travelers facing tougher security measures - new york times 
holiday travelers should expect tougher security measures , including longer security lines 
as americans take to the road for thanksgiving , they are likely to see longer security lines and more careful screening . but few seem to be choosing to stay home . 

and sometimes it's better when an author stays off twitter . see this ? 
joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ' joyous ' in isis ? - 
hah ! daesh might want to consider recruiting joyce carol oates . oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
dear twitter : reveals need to celebrate of cc 
the author was criticized after she posed a question on twitter about the islamic state . 
joyce carol oates faces backlash on twitter following tweet : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
joyce carol oates . .. gore vidal : " the three most dispiriting words in the english language are joyce carol oates . 
joyce carol oates & isis if some thoughts are taboo , then we can only explore the local minima and maxima of ideas . 
joyce carol oates on is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
" randy souther , who has written about ms. oates for 20 years and started a scholarly journal focused on her work " 
" there is no joy in isis , " the mighty hath spoke out 
you deserve this 4 signing the anti-hebdo letter this year . you simply don't express yourself well . 
ny times reporting on jco isis tweets , money quote from douthat . self-parody , or are we just a monstrous society ? 
questions are critical . unfettered inquiry is the only force that can oppose poisonous ideology : 
author joyce carol oates comes under fire over tweets about 



rt a soldier patrolled an empty mall in brussels on monday . much of the city was closed … 
pictures of the day : belgium and more 
rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold . more photos from monday … 
rt photos of the day 
photos of the day from 
rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold in the north of the country https … 
rt pictures of the day : 

as sabotage blacks out crimea , tatars prevent repairs 
rt tatar activists block access to fallen power lines 
just as we started to tame the beast , we shoot down his plane and cut off his power - 
read on crimean tatars as part of activist movement amid new tensions between russia and ukraine . 
rt " crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines " by ivan nechepurenko via nyt 
the always forgotten and by suppressed minority of uses black out to make themselves heard 
🆘as sabotage blacks out terrorists prevent repairs‼️ 
as blacks out prevent repairs 
sunday , saboteurs knocked out power for millions in crimea . monday , tatar and ukrainian nationalists blocked repairs 
as sabotage blacks out prevent repairs 
the cutoff of electricity to crimea is stoking tensions on the " border " with ukraine . by 
crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines : moscow — crimean tatar activists and ukrainian nat ... 
rt neilmacfarquhar : tatar activists block access to fallen power lines 
crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines ( new york times ) ( 1301 gmt ) 

" nestlé reports on abuses in thailand’s seafood industry " 
. reports on abuses in industry 
grim report on thailand’s seafood industry 
new report from nestlé covers anew the widespread labor and human rights abuses in thailand's seafood industry . 
a report by nestlé cataloged widespread labor and human rights abuses in thailand's seafood industry . 
rt the seafood industry in thailand suffers from widespread labor and human rights abuses , according to a nestlé report h … 
“ sometimes , the net is too heavy , and workers get pulled into the water and just disappear . ” 
nestle shows real corporate responsibility 
report resleased by nestlé on horrendous abuses in thailand’s seafood industry 
china cuts mobile service of xinjiang residents evading internet filters 
rt most of thailand’s seafood workers are migrants , brought into the country by traffickers . http … 
glad to see tackle this sad issue . nestlé reports on abuses in thailand’s industry 
rt world's largest food company says all seafood companies in thailand exposed to sea slavery . https :/ … 
rt nestlé finds slave labor , human trafficking , & abuses in thailand’s seafood industry ; fancy feast faces litigation : http … 
nestlé reports seafood industry in thailand suffers from widespread labor and human rights abuses 
a report by nestlé cataloged widespread labor and human rights abuses in th … 
a report by nestlé cataloged widespread labor and human rights abuses in thailan … 
rt news coverage highlights worst findings . full report more nuanced . but kudos to nestlé for going public on this one . http … 
" awareness is the 1st step . ❌ -- nestlé reports on abuses in thailand’s seafood indu … " 

engineering mosquitoes ’ genes to resist 
engineering to resist 
here's a scary one : shall we use nature as one giant gmo laboratory ? who cares if it involves some 3rd world ... 
a new mosquito to defeat 
curing malaria by genetically engineered mosquitoes 
now these are some mosquitoes we can get behind to help eradicate malaria . 
a that they hope will help eradicate from the world ?!? yes !! finally !! 
check this out ! engineering mosquitoes ’ to resist 
eliminating malaria and 600k deaths/year . 
altering mosquito to fight ( and etc ) 
engineering genes to resist 
very dangerous ! 
rt gene drive technology could eliminate malaria : pnas open-access paper : 
we just can't wait for this solution to be rolled out on large scale 
engineering mosquitoes ' genes to resist malaria - new york times 
scientists have created a mosquito breed resistant to malaria . could eradicate the disease the world over . 
nytimes science gene drive mosquitoes malaria 
this day in mosquito news : 
rt disappointing piece . engineering mosquitoes to resist malaria zero risk discussion . no … 

mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presi ... 
macri : from business to soccer to politics . 
should read this one ( rand among his favs ! ) macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency 
macri's election a big deal , but peronists have only held the presidency for 33% of last 4 decades , contra the nyt 
mauricio took detour from life as scion to presidency 
at boca juniors macri first displayed his preference for working in teams and mediating between quarrelling parties 
macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency - new york times 
argentina's president-elect says being kidnapped in 1991 put him on path to politics . a profile : 
an important election 
rt pesonaindon mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presi ... 

rt paris aftermath , pfizer deal , new england patriots - . 
your tuesday briefing 
" aftermath , via 
your tuesday briefing , via 
check out this roundup : lots to choose from 
your paris aftermath , pfizer deal , new england patriots 


carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
" ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to presid … 
carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president via 
ben ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
first draft : ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to ... 
first draft : ben carson's ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
the 1st doc quoted is my doc and what he says is part of why i respect him so greatly . 
first draft : ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transiti ... unete a 
first draft : carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition ... 
news " ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition … 
first draft : carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed … 
" carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president " … 
" carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president " by steve eder and pam b … 

no texas , you do not have ownership over a woman's body . 
sues texas in dispute over funding for clinics 
sues in dispute over for clinics 
calling state's action politically motivated , sues over funding for clinics 
the inevitable result of cutting funds for women’s reproductive health . cc 
what year is this ? 100,000 + texas women attempt self-induced abortions , state tries to cut access even further . 
sues in dispute over funding for clinics 
the group called the action by texas , which has some of the toughest abortion restrictions ... 



a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave an imprint on # islamabad 
one of the world's great bookstores : 
one man's love of books : storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad 
he loved books so much he let children steal them : a storied bookstore & its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad 
an absolutely lovely profile on one of the world's largest bookstores , with mostly english books , in islamabad : 
rt for the owner of saeed book bank in islamabad , books are more than just a business . … 
a storied and its late oracle leave an imprint on islamabad 
" honestly , chomsky sells here . ” 
" he had always regarded book theft by children as an investment in a future where people still read ... " 
a beautiful read : islamabad's greatest book store , where yesterday's book thieves became today's grateful customers . 
" you have to ... see them and feel them ... that’s how you buy books . ” a storied islamabad bookstore 
rt a visit to the saeed book bank in islamabad , which displays 200,000 titles , many in english … 
rt a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad 
because no trip to is complete without an afternoon at this magical bookstore 
( a terrific story about a place i used to frequent ) a storied islamabad bookstore and its late oracle 
enjoy the endearing story of the saeed book bank 
a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad see more 
ny times newtop story : a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on … see more 
quezada post : a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad see more 
always loved pakistan's bookshops . the country is full of them . also loved the names ( e.g. book ocean in islamabad ) . 
rt deepakwriter he built the biggest in selling mostly english titles , where is the … 
he built the biggest in selling mostly english titles , where is the 2nd language . 
top story : retweets a storied bookstore and its late oracle … see more 

dear white people , here is an example of decision that is not hard . it is a no-brainer , in fact . wilson's name ... 
at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one 
. profile of wilson’s racist views omits his party affiliation . 
woodrow wilson naming and shaming at princeton - whatever would they would think if they considered craigavon ? 
i am super tempted to read the comment section ... but i know that no good can come of that exploration . 
been learning a lot about president wilson lately . lots of stuff left out of history books . 
his loved " birth of a nation " - just saying : at princeton , woodrow wilson is recast as an intolerant one 
princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one • a bastardly anti-semite " gentleman . " 
wilson , a heralded princeton alum , recast as an intolerant one . let's not forget his praise for birth of a nation 
princeton , which admitted its first black student in the 1940s , reassesses the legacy of president woodrow wilson 
at princeton , addressing a racist legacy and seeking to remove woodrow wilson’s name 
not recast - just the truth finally coming out . woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one 
it's amazing how money can erase bigotry from history , or at least , camouflage it's presence ! 
as & therefore how do you feel seeing this play out w/marginalized in ... 
take off the name of racist woodrow wilson because his image is tarnished and he lacks the good character needed ... 
" at woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as " a on campus . 
renewed efforts among students , faculty , board , and alumni to discuss 
fucken negros suck its always something with u mutts 
so progressive : “ cultural competency training ” & " dedicated housing .... for those interested in black culture " 
democrats have always been racist ! -at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as intolerant racist 
are we also going to get rid of all greco-roman architecture , and the name of every dude and woman who was sexist ? 
'' if the criteria for naming a building for someone was that they’d be perfect , we shouldn’t name buildings '' 
as princeton recasts wilson as unworthy of recognition , who follows ? northwestern ? get out your history books . 
erasing history , or acknowledging racial realities ? 
we won't bring up woodrow wilson's south africa connections , right 
" ... wilson as president rolled back gains blacks had made since reconstruction , removing black officials from the ... 
rt '' if the criteria for naming a building for someone was that they’d be perfect , we shouldn’t name buildings '' … 
" up to this point , history had never been anything more than the history of power as told by power itself . " -mf 
at princeton , woodrow wilson is recast direct action gets the goods 
princeton students seek removal of woodrow wilson’s name , acknowledgment of his racist legacy : 
woodrow wilson , the racist president ? princeton takes a second look at a heralded alum 
the black justice league , a student group at princeton , sheds light on the racism of the u's alum woodrow wilson 

the proposed merger between and allergan has helped drive merger activity to a record for 2015 . worldwide 
how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks 
how the $pfe-$agn deal ranks by equity value , no . 3 behind vodafone-mannesmann and aol-time warner , says 
actually , $4.1 t in 2007 = $4.7 t today , so m&a in 2015 has not eclipsed 2007 
additional ?! er , primary . " for pfizer there was an additional motivation , lowering its tax rate by moving to dublin " 
the deal between pfizer-allergan biggest in history between pharmaceutical companies ..... 
rt $155 billion of pfizer and allergan is the largest of all time 
$155 billion of and is the largest of all time 
with an equity value of $152 billion , the merger is the largest since the heady days of 2000 . 

finding cheap flights and more on 
finding cheap and more on 
finding cheap flights and other deals on black friday 
finding cheap flights on black friday 
just posted their tips for travel deals 
you guys : take advantage of deals , book airline at deep discounts 
cyber monday cyber monday cyber monday cyber monday morganscybercom eurailcyber 
what the holidays mean for ( via 
rt finding cheap flights and more on 
black friday isn’t just for holiday shopping – you can also score cheap flights ! don’t miss the opportunity ! 
sojern in the 
. quotes on last year's cyber monday flight booking trends & what to expect this year . 
details : big discounts on rooms booked on 11/30 for stays between 12/11-3/31 ! more info : 
the only shopping i'll be doing : where to get the travel deals 
turismo : finding cheap flights 
is about too ! check out this preview and after all that ! 
a3 : look for further than ( details on some good ones via 
the event : finding cheap abstract entities and more on black abstract entity 
finding cheap flights & more on via cc 
we can all use a good bargain ... 

nytimes : nbc stations in iowa , new hampshire , so . carolina grant trump/snl-inspired equal time to 4 gop candidates . 
donald hosting means equal airtime for rivals 
" donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals " 
" just don't do it " trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals 
trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals viewers in iowa . 
donald trump's hosting of ' s . n . l . ' means equal airtime for rivals ( 
donald trump's hosting of ' snl ' means equal airtime for rivals - new york times 
ben carson : " i don’t know if , on the basis of that , you can say all muslims are bad people ” what ?! 
trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime 4 rivals how about equal time 4 latinos , muslims , blacks ?!! 
george pataki , et al . bravely fight for equal airtime with donald trump on saturday night live 
first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for … 
rt wow . trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals . 
( first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for riv ... ( shaquille ) 


