


virginia mayor uses japanese internment to defend refusing refugees 
mayor uses japanese internment to defend refusing via 


pres . obama awards medal of freedom to james taylor . 



newborn boy found crying in church's nativity scene with his umbilical cord still attached . 


people around the world commemorate the lives lost in the 

alert : news special report : pres . obama delivers statement at white house . 
rt president obama presents medal of freedom to emilio and gloria estefan . 
alert : abc news special report : pres . obama delivers statement at white house . 
you can catch the livestream of addressing national security in light of recent here : 
president obama is speaking now after meeting with his national security team . watch live : 
mt alert : news special report : obama delivers statement at white house . 

rocky retail climate will make for “ happy holidays ” for consumers : 

people around the world commemorate the lives lost in the 

pres . obama mocks republicans on refugee stance : " they are scared of widows and orphans . " 

forget 8 hours of sleep — our ancestors used to sleep in “ chunks ” 
abc : forget 8 hours of sleep — our ancestors used to sleep in “ chunks ” 

prince william and duchess kate sign book of condolences for victims of " 



rt al qaeda-linked terrorists once used the refugee program to settle in the us : - … 
rt al qaeda-linked terrorists once used the refugee program to settle in the us : - https … 
rt : al qaeda-linked terrorists once used the refugee program to settle in the us : - abc : … 



coming up : news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at approx . 11:30 am et 
listen live : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold a joint news conference 
wntonight : rt abc : coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at … 
cyberanonymous : abc : coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference a … 
coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at approx . 11:30 … 
coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at approx . 11:30 … 
coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at approx . 11:30 am et 
rt wntonight " rt abc : coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference … " 

minneapolis officers involved in fatal shooting of 24-year-old jamar clark have been id'd: 
minneapolis officers involved in fatal shooting of 24-year-old jamar clark have been … 


watch : dad flips car and runs half-mile in rush to get to his kids in house fire . 
rt 🙏🏽' watch : dad flips car and runs half-mile in rush to get to his kids in house fire … 

rt police fired nearly 5,000 bullets in terror raid , prosecutor says - abc 
rt police fired nearly 5,000 bullets in saint-denis terror raid , prosecutor says : 

pres . obama says he's working to keep the homeland safe over thanksgiving weekend : 


jeb bush : us should allow syrian refugees who can prove they're christian 
abc : jeb bush : us should allow syrian refugees who can prove they're christian 
u prove ur un- hypocrite ! allow syrian refugees who prove christian " 

share their experiences about what it’s like to move to 
rt share their experiences about what it’s like to move to … 


co-pilot of russian bomber shot down by turkish jets says he received no warnings . 



brother of suspect calls for him to give up as manhunt intensifies : 
rt abc : brother of suspect calls for him to give up as manhunt intensifies : 

france drops 16 new bombs on isis in raqqa ; airstrikes target training and command centers : " 
day 4 of france's strikes on isis reports : 
rt day 4 of france's strikes on isis . reports : 
day 4 of france's strikes on isis martharaddatz reports : 
rt france and russia , vowing revenge and taking action , cooperate with each other to target isis : … 

four passengers removed from spirit airlines flight because of “ suspicious activity ” 





update : 7 arrested , 2 dead in continuing raids related to " 
abc : update : 7 arrested , 2 dead in continuing raids related to 

russia suggests downed warplane was ‘ planned provocation ’ : 

new : suspected mastermind behind not among those arrested in raid , paris prosector says . 
does anyone think looks like jk ? time to shave jimmy ? 
abc : new : suspected mastermind behind not among those arrested in raid , paris prosector … 
rt wntonight " rt abc : new : suspected mastermind behind not among those arrested in raid ,… " 
wntonight : rt abc : new : suspected mastermind behind not among those arrested in raid , pa … 



prince william and duchess kate sign book of condolences for victims of " 

president obama : ' we cannot and we will not succumb to fear . ' 
president obama : ‘ we cannot and we will not succumb to fear . ’ 

pres . obama says the us has so far conducted 8,000 airstrikes on isis strongholds and equipment . 
abc : pres . obama says the us has so far conducted 8,000 airstrikes on isis strongholds and equipment . 

pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defend our nation . " 
pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defend our n … 
abc7 : rt abc : pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defe … 
pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do ever … 
pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defend our na … 
brookingsfp : rt abc : pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ...… 


coming up : news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11:40 am et . 
rt coming up : news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11:40 am et . 
brookingsfp : rt nightline : coming up : abc news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11 : … 
will speak in 5 minutes news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11:40 am et . 
rt abc : coming up : abc news special report . president obama to deliver stateme … 
coming up : abc news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11:40 am et . 
cyberanonymous : abc : coming up : abc news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11:40 am e … 
coming up : abc news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . … 

france carries out 128 raids in emergency anti-terrorism crackdown after 

. corp media buries their fav jeb bush's remark " make them prove they're christian " 
. hey did you see this & choose to ignore it ? 
. jeb bush agrees with trump -refugees should have to prove theyre christian 
. jeb bush agrees with trump - refugees should have to prove they’re christian 
jeb bush wants a christian test for refugees , but fawning ignores it . 


" . is live with 40 hours of non-stop " 

on donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
on west : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
cyberanonymous : abc : on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he te … 
on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u . s .… 

“ come back and insult me to my face ” : sen. cruz challenges pres . obama over syrian refugees 

states ' opposition to may impact settlement : 



couple welcomes identical triplets - so rare it only happens in 1 in a million births . 
couple welcomes identical triplets - so rare it only happens in 1 in a million birth … 

2 iraqi refugees settled in ky turned out to be al qaeda-linked terrorists w/ us soldiers blood on their hands 


watch : striking new video shows moment 2 people are arrested in saint-denis raid in 


grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love by sharing 100 love letters to late wife " 
now this is inspiring !! 
grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love after sharing 100 love letters to late wife 
amazing story of love . 
rt grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love by sharing 100 love letters to late wife : https :/ … 
rt grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love by sharing 100 love letters to late wife : ht … 
grieving husband inspires strangers to spread after sharing 100 love letters to late wife - yahoo 
my jlc sister remembered grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love-100 love letters to late wife : 

obama plans to veto refugee screening bill , despite terrorists having entered u.s. under guise of being refugees . ➠ 
. vows to veto bill increasing screening for refugees 
rt why on earth ? obama vows to veto bill increasing screening for refugees 
is this a joke ? who is this asshole working for 
obama vows to veto bill requiring background check on refugees . well of course ! let's just bring in more sunni ... 
( dan ) an object lesson for anyone who won't unconditionally support the democratic candidate in 2016 : the prez ,... 
vows to veto increased screening bill of 
he's an idiot 
i am sorry from the state of illinois but you will get mad at me when i say you must impeach barack obama -- the ... 
despite the fact that known terrorists have entered the us under the guise of being refugees , despite a new ... 
now we cant even screen them ?? agenda ! 
obama vows to veto house bill for increased refugee screenings . is this decision smart or dangerous ? 
help us trump . 
rt vows to veto bill increasing screening for - abc news - via 
i spoke of how we don't really know who'd be entering in my bible video before all of this happened . and this ... 
rt breaking : obama plans to veto bill increasing screening for 
yep -- he wants what he wants ! 
impeach this piece of shit now 
i pray i eat crow and that nothing happens here in the us . i don't understand obama's agenda . 
at what point does usa realize he is against us , obama vows 2 veto bill increasing screening 4 refugees - via 
rt president obama has threatened to veto a bill that would intensify screenings of refugees … its … 
how can a potus vow to veto security measures to protect american lives ? who's the enemy ? via 
president obama has threatened to veto a bill that would intensify screenings of refugees … its like he helps terror 


pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and those who sent them . " 
rt wntonight " rt abc : pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and th … " 
wntonight : rt abc : pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and those … 
b oh shut up . if you hadnt got all caught up in their business in the first place we wouldnt be burying the dead ! 
pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and those who sent the … 
wsoctv : rt abc : pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and those wh … 

latest : raid thwarted terrorist group preparing for a new attack , official says : … 



pres . obama : " we cannot and we will not succumb to fear ... americans will not be terrorized . " 
pres . obama : " we cannot and we will not succumb to fear ... americans will not be terr … 


pres . obama awards medal of freedom to barbra streisand . 

happy birthday to 
rt abc7ny : rt abc : happy birthday to robinroberts ! 


8-year-old has sent 6,087 ( and counting ) handmade crosses to police officers across the us : … 


pres . obama : " we are taking every possible step to keep our homeland safe . " 

rt pres . obama mocks republicans on refugee stance : " they are scared of widows and orphans . " … 

russia's security service says the plane crash in egypt , was a ' terrorist act ' 

garrett talks entries and soft targets . 
former f.b.i agent , brad garrett , discusses the 5 arrests made in the latest french raids : 
former f.b.i agent discusses the 5 arrests made in the latest french raids : 
icymi : former fbi agent brad garrett talks raids targeting mastermind on 
former f.b.i agent , brad garrett , discusses the 5 arrests made in the latest french … 


rt photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 

rt watch : two-legged puppy is on the move , thanks to 3-d printed wheelchair : 

watch : us-led coalition airstrike destroys isis bridge near ramadi , iraq . 
us-led coalition airstrike destroys bridge near ramadi , 


rt watch : donald trump tells he would ban syrian refugees from entering us … 
watch tonight interview this @ 10:00 on abc 
watch : interview this friday night at 10:00 on abc . don't miss it ! 
rt watch : tells he would ban syrian refugees from entering us https … 
rt watch : tells he would ban syrian refugees from entering us h … 



rt facing a fourth battle with cancer , 8-year-old finds the love of his life in a classmate : … 


after two catastrophic losses , nasa gearing up to try again with resupply missions to iss . 
mt nasa gearing up to try again with resupply missions 

“ come back and insult me to my face ” : sen. cruz challenges pres . obama over syrian refugees 
rt “ come back and insult me to my face ” : sen. cruz challenges pres . obama over syrian refugees https :/ … 

rt leonid meteor shower starts at midnight tonight with meteors traveling at 44 miles a second : … 
rt leonid meteor shower starts at midnight with meteors traveling at 44 miles/second : 
astro_clay : rt abc : leonid meteor shower starts at midnight tonight with meteors traveling at 44 miles a second : … 

brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called . 
and on west coast : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called . 
rt lockdown : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called : … 
and on gma : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has cal … 

rt also on turkey confirms they shot down a russian fighter jet near syria-turkey border . 
also on west coast : turkey confirms they shot down a russian fighter jet near syria-turkey border . 

rt individuals on fbi’s terrorist watchlist can legally purchase firearms . 
rt worried about refugees ? people on fbi’s terrorist watchlist can legally purchase firearms ! htt … 
thanks nra dicks “ individuals on fbi’s terror watchlist can legally purchase firearms . 
individuals on fbi’s terrorist watchlist can legally buy firearms . 






barbra streisand calls trump presidency ' scary ' but says race against clinton would be great 





to announce plan to bring 25,000 on tuesday 
canada to announce plans to resettle 25,000 syrian refugees by dec . 31 : 
canada to announce plan to resettle 25,000 refugees tuesday - abc news - via 
to announce plans to resettle 25,000 syrian by dec . 31 ( abcnews ): 
hurrah canada , which will take in next 5 weeks more syrian refugees than the uk will take in next 5 years . 
canada to announce plan to resettle 25,000 refugees tuesday .... there goes the neighborhood 
to announce plans to resettle 25,000 by dec . 31 : 

rt watch : special education teacher begins each day by complimenting students , one by one … 
rt watch : special education teacher begins each day by complimenting students , one by one … 
rt 😍 rt watch : special ed teacher begins each day by complimenting students , one by one https : … 

on protests erupt in chicago after video released of laquan mcdonald being shot by police ... 
on gma : protests erupt in chicago after video released of laquan mcdonald being shot by police ... 
cyberanonymous : abc : on gma : protests erupt in chicago after video released of laquan mcdonald being shot by polic … 
on gma : protests erupt in chicago after video released of laquan mcdonald being shot … 


rt face transplant surgery gives 41-year-old former firefighter a new 26-year-old face : … 

more : pres . obama says if there ever is a credible threat to the homeland , the public will be informed . 
more : pres . obama says if there ever is a credible threat to the homeland , the public will be informed . … 
the true solution to keeping usa safe ... deport osama bin barack to his country of origin 
abc : more : pres . obama says if there ever is a credible threat to the homeland , the public will be informed . 
president obama delivers statement on national security . 
abc4utah : president obama delivers statement on national security . 
rt wntonight " more : pres . obama says if there ever is a credible threat to the homeland , the public will be inform … " 
i'm guessing we're on high alert today now . 
mmm ... yeah , i'm going to call bs on that one potus is a liar 
does that mean all the threats have been ' contained' ? 
my people aren't safe in this country , so wyd 
this is the same guy that says the iran deal isn't valid because they didn't sign it . 


forget 8 hours of sleep — our ancestors used to sleep in “ chunks ” 


family member of yogi berra accepts medal of freedom awarded to the baseball legend posthumously 
cyberanonymous : abc : family member of yogi berra accepts medal of freedom awarded to the baseball legend posthumou … 

pres . obama awards medal of freedom to baseball legend willie howard mays , jr. 

u2 reschedules concert postponed due to & promises to " put on our best . " 
u2 reschedules concert postponed due to and promises to " put on our best . " " 
u2 reschedules paris concert postponed due to attacks 

france drops 16 new bombs on isis in raqqa ; airstrikes target training and command centers 

rocky retail climate will make for “ happy holidays ” for consumers : 
this year's retail climate will make for a “ merry christmas ” for consumers : 

" group raised suspicions before 5 were shot at police protest " 
group raised suspicions before 5 were shot at police protest - abc news ( via 
group raised suspicions before 5 were shot at police protest : protesters demanding justice for a black man fat ... 
minneapolis police say several shot near protest scene 
small group raised suspicions at police protest before gunfire erupted and 5 people were shot 
3 white men take a break from their islamophobia to go full isis on a group of protestors in mpls . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! group raised suspicions before 5 were shot … 
minneapolis police say 5 shot near black lives matter protest : 
minneapolis police say 5 shot near protest scene 
shooting at the mainstream media coverage : the view from the protest : 
minneapolis say 5 near protest scene 
five protesters were shot during protest in 
police say 5 shot near black lives matter protest ( abcnews ): 
shooting at black lives matter protest in minneapolis 

" two-legged puppy is on the move , thanks to 3-d printed wheelchair : " 

french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intelligence sharing . 
abc7 : rt abc : french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intell … 
french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & s … 
abc : french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intelligence sh … 
french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intelligence s … 



france , still reeling from isis attacks , commits to accepting 30 thousand refugees 

couple welcomes identical triplets - so rare it only happens in 1 in a million births . 
couple welcomes identical triplets - it only happens in 1 in a million births . via 



death of 7-year-old girl missing at football game in kentucky ruled a homicide : 

new england patriots ' nate solder announces infant son has kidney cancer : 

french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out first airstrikes against isis targets in iraq . 
rt developing : french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out airstrikes against targets in … 
developing : french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out airstrikes against targets in - abc 
french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out first airstrikes against isis targets in → " iraq " ← 

rt isis threatens us , claiming that it will carry out attack in dc . “ their agenda is to kill . ” … 
" isis threatens us , carry out attack in dc . “ their agenda is to kill . ” " i live here ! 



" we know of no specific and credible intelligence indicating a plot on the homeland . " 


couple welcomes identical triplets - so rare it only happens in 1 in a million births . … 




brother of suspect calls for him to give up as manhunt intensifies : 

people around the world commemorate the lives lost in the 

watch as a reported tornado tears through kansas - just one of the 38 reported tornadoes yesterday . 


husband of pregnant woman who was mysteriously murdered speaks out about the heinous crime . 

pres . obama : " we know of no specific and credible intelligence indicating a plot on the homeland . " 
obama : " no credible intelligence indicating a plot on the homeland . " in other words " mind your own business 

young boston bombing victim has message for world after “ stop hurting others ” … 
young boston bombing victim has message for world after “ stop hurting … 





four passengers removed from spirit airlines flight because of “ suspicious activity ” 

8-year-old has sent 6,087 ( and counting ) handmade crosses to police officers across the us : 
rt 8-year-old has sent 6,087 handmade crosses to police officers across the us : … 
8-year-old has sent 6,087 handmade crosses to police officers across the us : via 



one of only 4 northern white rhinos believed to be left in the world has died : 
endangered white rhino dies at san diego-area zoo - abc news ( via 
one of the rarest rhinos has died . 


nj mall has change of heart and drops fee to sit on santa's lap after outcry : 
abc : nj mall has change of heart and drops fee to sit on santa's lap after outcry : 

new : charlie sheen reveals he is hiv positive : " it's a turning point in one's life . " 

french , english soccer teams delivered moving display of solidarity at wembley stadium 




us intelligence analysts warned of enhanced isis capabilities to conduct paris-style attacks 
rt us intelligence analysts warned of enhanced isis capabilities to conduct paris-style attacks https :/ … 


the average american may consume 4,500 calories on thanksgiving : 

rt you and me ... 
rt who's watching ? 
rt retweet if you’re ready for tweet with and 
rt watch : performs ' drag me down . ' 
rt still ahead on their performance can be watched here : … 
rt huge thank you to another amazing experience . … 
rt 1d performed on this morning ! watch their performance here : 
rt just 6 more hours . watch here : 
rt everyone make sure to tune in ! should be a good interview , haha . | 
rt diego joins on 
rt gma : just 6 more hours . onedirection watch here : 
rt don't miss tonight at 8pm on watch it here : 
rt 45min left ! one direction 
rt 7 hours to go ... watch here : 
rt link to watch rudy and diego they go on at 8p et / 5pm pt . will be on too ! thx 
rt happy 40th anniversary watch & diego of thanks … 
rt we are live for ! 
rt just under 30 minutes until we go live for watch it live here : 
rt " i try to use music everyday to inspire people , " - on 


john kerry says us seeks new military , counterterrorism and diplomatic ideas to destroy isis 
us trying to speed up efforts to defeat isis , john kerry says 
rt john kerry says us seeking new military , counterterrorism , diplomatic ideas to destroy isis . … 
rt john kerry says us seeking new military , counterterrorism , diplomatic ideas to destroy isis . https :/ … 
rt john kerry says us seeks new military , counterterrorism and diplomatic ideas to destroy isis https :/ … 
us trying to speed up efforts to defeat islamic state 

police release photos of suspect in pregnant woman's death 
husband of pregnant woman who was mysteriously murdered speaks out about the heinous crime . 
" there were over 6500 people tuned in across the world , " to funeral , says to 


sues for jfk assassination film 
texas woman seeks return of film shot by grandfather that shows portion of jfk assassination 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination of jfk : 
woman seeks return of film showing jfk assassination 
wsoctv : rt abc : woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 ass … 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination of jf … 
abc : woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination … 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination … 

french , english soccer teams delivered moving display of solidarity at wembley stadium 
and soccer teams unite in defiance and respect 
" france , england soccer teams unite in defiance , respect " 
france , england fans gather ahead of soccer match at wembley - 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! france , england soccer teams unite in defi … 
france , england soccer teams unite … roh3 smantibatam 
france , england soccer teams unite in … roh3 smantibatam 

pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it together . " 
pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it … 
abc : pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it togeth … 

' human error ' cited in mistaken us airstrike on kunduz hospital ; some individuals suspended . 

with paris attacks dominating the news , ben carson searches for his foreign policy footing 


after being denied entry in indiana , family of finds a home 

love letter found on greece beach sparks search for refugee couple : 
rt abc : love letter found on greece beach sparks search for refugee couple : … 
“ love letter found on greece beach sparks search for refugee couple : ” 

brother of suspect calls for him to give up as manhunt intensifies : 
brother of paris attacks suspect calls for him to give up as manhunt intensifies : 
abc : brother of suspect calls for him to give up as manhunt intensifies : 

rt watch : 4-year-old with leukemia who “ married ” her nurse finally gets her first dance . … 



death of 7-year-old girl missing at football game in kentucky ruled a homicide : 
1 town over from me ( 2/2 ) 

breaking - ( abc ) 5 suspects arrested in raids targeting paris mastermind - french officials 
watch : five suspects arrested in raids targeting paris mastermind 
update : 5 suspects arrested in raids targeting paris mastermind - french officials 
breaking : 5 suspects arrested in raids in paris . the latest on good morning columbia on air now 
now on 5 suspects arrested in raids targeting paris mastermind - french officials 
five suspects arrested in raids targeting paris mastermind video 
video : five suspects arrested in raids targeting paris mastermind 

immigrants share their experiences about what it’s like to move to america : 

two baby red pandas make their debut at the prospect park zoo in new york . 
2 baby red pandas make debut at new york zoo 


rt 9-year-old boston bombing victim has a message for parisians : “ stop hurting others . peace . ” … 
boston bombing victim has a message 4 parisians : " stop hurting others . peace ” h/t 
abc : 9-year-old boston bombing victim has a message for parisians : “ stop hurting others . peace . ” … 


rt more : pres . obama vows to veto bill increasing screening for refugees - 
fuck you obama ! obama vows to veto bill incrscreening for refugees - 
more : pres . obama vows to veto bill increasing screening for refugees -abcpolitics 

rt photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 
rt abc : photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 

handgun discovered near home of pastor’s slain wife : 


pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian fighter jet . 
rt pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian fighter jet . https : … 
pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian fighter j … 
wsoctv : rt abc : pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian … 

how the 2016 candidates have evolved on syrian refugees , before and after the 

also on more on the downed russian fighter jet as the second pilot is reportedly ' alive and well . ' 
also on gma : more on the downed russian fighter jet as the second pilot is reportedly ' alive and well . ' 


united airlines quietly drops $50 “ hardship fee , ” just in time for the holidays : 

minneapolis officers involved in fatal shooting of 24-year-old jamar clark have been id'd: 

french airstrikes target isis command and training centers in raqqa , syria : 
“ french airstrikes target isis command and training centers in raqqa , syria : ” 

giant panda plays in the snow at the beijing zoo : " 
giant pandas play in the snow photos | image - abc news 


intoxicated passenger tried to open exit door on boston-bound flight , state police say 
😲 " intoxicated passenger tried to open exit door on boston-bound flight , police say " 

individuals on fbi’s terrorist watchlist can legally purchase firearms . 

as manhunt intensifies for suspect , authorities warn he may be heavily armed : … 
rt abc : as manhunt intensifies for suspect , authorities warn he may be heavily armed : … 



man convicted of 3 sex assaults cleared by los angeles judge after dna points to serial rapist 
convict in 3 sex crimes freed by dna tied to fugitive rapist 
convict in 3 sex crimes freed by dna tied to fugitive rapist - abc news ( via 
man convicted of 3 sex assaults cleared by los angeles judge after dna points to serial … 

" charlie sheen reveals he is hiv positive : " it's a turning point in one's life . " " 

single mom pizza delivery driver gets shocking $ 1,400 tip from church [ 
single mom receives $ 1,400 tip from church on pizza delivery run : " i couldn't help but cry . " 
rt single mom receives $ 1,400 tip from church on pizza delivery run : " i couldn't help but cry . " https :/ … 
nice to see those who need ... receive✊🙏 
single mom gets shocking $ 1,400 tip on pizza delivery run 

eiffel tower to reopen at 6pm local time after workers concerned about safety walked out - 
rt nightline : eiffel tower to reopen at 6pm local time after workers concerned about safety walked out 





isis claims bomb hidden in soda can took down russian plane : - 

rt 7-year-old boy donates all the money in his piggy bank to a vandalized mosque 


rt leonid meteor shower starts at midnight tonight with meteors traveling at 44 miles a second : … 


rt photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 
muslims around the world show support for the victims of terrorism . 
rt “ islam is not terrorism . ” muslims around world unite against terrorism after … 
i note these people are saying it in a safe european country . haven't seen anything similar from muslim countries . 
photos : not in our name : muslims unite against terrorism 
photos : not in our name : muslims unite … roh3 smantibatam 
photos : not in our name : … roh3 smantibatam 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! photos : not in our name : muslims unite a … 
rt “ islam is not terrorism . ” muslims around world unite against terrorism after https://… 
rt abc : photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 
did the photographer ask everybody to squeeze in ? ... [ a few ] muslims unite against terrorism 
this needs to be retweeted 

jilted bride wears wedding gown in 5k run : “ now this dress is about friendship and support . ” 
jilted bride wears wedding gown in 5k run : “ now this dress is about friendship and s … 

death of 7-year-old girl missing at football game in kentucky ruled a homicide : 
abc : death of 7-year-old girl missing at football game in kentucky ruled a homicide : 

after being denied entry in indiana , family of finds a home in connecticut : 
rt after being denied entry in indiana , family of finds a home in connecticut : https://… 

bobby jindal drops out of presidential race : " this is not my time . " 

$160b deal to combine pfizer & allergan and make world's biggest drug company raises outcry 
allergan sparks backlash from lawmakers . abc world news ( 11/23 , story 7 , 0:25 , muir ) reported on the ... 
with globalization what is a us business ? world governments may have to adjust to new reality . see via 
$160b deal to combine pfizer & allergan & make world's biggest drug company raises outcry : " 
$160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry - abc news 
$160b deal to combine and allergan raises outcry . via 
don't blame them — our u.s. tax system is clearly broken -> $160b deal to combine and raises outcry 
agrees to buy allergan in order to dodge paying via abc 
news $160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry 
$160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry : $160b deal to combine drugm ... 






facebook activates “ safety check ” following yola , nigeria bombing : 
“ facebook activates “ safety check ” following yola , nigeria bombing : ” 
rt rt facebook activates “ safety check ” following yola , nigeria bombing 


rt watch : uss harry truman aircraft carrier departs norfolk , virginia as part of a 7 month operation to fight isis . … 
watch : uss harry truman aircraft carrier departs norfolk , virginia as part of 7 month operation to fight isis . 
abc : watch : uss harry truman aircraft carrier departs norfolk , virginia as part of 7 month operation to fight isis . 


rt and on champs and finalists are all live on this am . … 
rt says ' g'day america!' and is on her way to 
and on gma : dancingabc champs bindiirwin , derekhough and finalists are all live on gma this am . 
cyberanonymous : abc : and on gma : dancingabc champs bindiirwin , derekhough and finalists are all live on gma this a … 
and on gma : dancingabc champs bindiirwin , derekhough and finalists are all live on g … 

pres . obama awards medal of freedom to legendary filmmaker steven spielberg . 
' pres . obama awards medal of freedom to legendary filmmaker steven spielb … see more 


rt video shows french fighter jets bombing isis targets in syria in multiple airstrikes . … 

eagles of death metal returns home after " we are horrified . " 
“ eagles of death metal returns home after " we are horrified . " ” 
rt eagles of death metal returns home after " we are horrified . " 

rt watch : special education teacher begins each day by complimenting students , one by one … 

love letter found on greece beach sparks search for refugee couple : 
rt nightline : love letter found on greece beach sparks search for refugee couple : … 

newborn baby left in nativity manger at nyc church , cops say : 
newborn left in christmas nativity manger at church , cops say 
a baby boy , with his umbilical cord still attached , was found in a manger . 
police : newborn left in christmas nativity manger at church 
newborn left in christmas nativity manger at church , police say - abc news - via 
newborn left in christmas nativity manger at church , cops say : police searching for person who left ... 
newborn left in nativity manger at church , cops say - abc news ( via 
newborn left in christmas nativity manger at church , cops say - news 

rt russia launches airstrikes on isis targets in syria after confirming metrojet plane crash was ‘ terrorist ' bombing . … 

details : unruly passenger tried to open exit door on british airways flight bound for boston … 
rt babciapat : rt abc : details : unruly passenger tried to open exit door on british airway … 
rt eegrc98 : rt abc : details : unruly passenger tried to open exit door on british airways … 

not long ago , the white house was criticized for not admitting enough syrian refugees 

new york mayor accuses chris christie of “ playing to the cheap seats ” on 


