pres . obama awards medal of freedom to barbra streisand . 



virginia mayor uses japanese internment to defend refusing refugees 
mayor uses japanese internment to defend refusing via 



pres . obama awards medal of freedom to james taylor . 


obama gets some things right ! -- 

-- from our news family to yours ! 
-- from our abc news family to yours ! 








hurricane sandra weakens slightly to category 3 storm 
hurricane sandra still powerful category 3 storm 
hurricane sandra strengthens to a category 4 storm 
hurricane sandra has strengthened to a category 4 storm . 

rt people around the world commemorate the lives lost in the 

rt . news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference : … 
rt pres . obama on " this was an attack on our free and open societies . " … 
rt president obama presents medal of freedom to emilio and gloria estefan . 
rt wntonight : rt abcpolitics : president obama presents medal of freedom to willie mays … 
alert : news special report : pres . obama delivers statement at white house . 
watch live : pres . obama awards presidential medal of freedom : 
live news stream | abc live streaming video - abc news see more 
alert : abc news special report : pres . obama delivers statement at white house . 
you can catch the livestream of addressing national security in light of recent here : 


rt people around the world commemorate the lives lost in the 

pres . obama mocks republicans on refugee stance : " they are scared of widows and orphans . " 


pres . obama : " we are taking every possible step to keep our homeland safe . " 

man survives getting trapped by 158-foo t-t all smokestack as explosives fail to bring it down 
man survives getting trapped by 158-foottall smokestack as explosives fail to bring it down " 
rt man survives getting trapped by 158-foo t-t all smokestack as explosives fail to bring it down … 
caught on camera : excavator driver survives 158 foot smokestack collapse 
demolition worker lucky to be alive after a smokestack collapses on his excavator . 

( mississippi man accused of attacking parents over fast food ( 
man accused of attacking his parents because they ordered fast food , didn't get any for him : 
man accused of attacking his parents because they ordered fast food , didn't get any for h … 
mississippi man accused of killing his father and stabbing his mother over fast food . 
mississippi man accused of attacking parents over fast food via 
authorities say man attacked parents after they ordered fast food but didn't get any for him 


rt al qaeda-linked terrorists once used the refugee program to settle in the us : - … 
rt al qaeda-linked terrorists once used the refugee program to settle in the us : - https … 
rt : al qaeda-linked terrorists once used the refugee program to settle in the us : - abc : … 



coming up : news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at approx . 11:30 am et 
listen live : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold a joint news conference 
wntonight : rt abc : coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at … 
cyberanonymous : abc : coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference a … 
coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at approx . 11:30 … 
coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at approx . 11:30 … 
coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at approx . 11:30 am et 
rt wntonight " rt abc : coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference … " 

rt leonid meteor shower starts at midnight tonight with meteors traveling at 44 miles a second : … 

minneapolis officers involved in fatal shooting of 24-year-old jamar clark have been id'd: 
minneapolis officers involved in fatal shooting of 24-year-old jamar clark have been … 


rt watch : dad flips car and runs half-mile in rush to get to his kids in house fire . 

rt police fired nearly 5,000 bullets in terror raid , prosecutor says - abc 
rt police fired nearly 5,000 bullets in saint-denis terror raid , prosecutor says : 


pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian fighter jet . 
rt pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian fighter jet . https : … 
pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian fighter j … 
wsoctv : rt abc : pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian … 


share their experiences about what it’s like to move to 
rt share their experiences about what it’s like to move to … 



rt watch : tells he would ban syrian refugees from entering us h … 
rt watch : donald trump tells he would ban syrian refugees from entering us … 
watch tonight interview this @ 10:00 on abc 
watch : interview this friday night at 10:00 on abc . don't miss it ! 
rt watch : tells he would ban syrian refugees from entering us https … 




how the 2016 candidates have evolved on syrian refugees , before and after the 

arrest made in ' unspeakable ' murder of 9-year-old tyshawn lee in chicago 


rt four passengers removed from spirit airlines flight because of “ suspicious activity ” … 


rt jeb bush : us should allow syrian refugees who can prove they're christian 



rt update : 7 arrested , 2 dead in continuing raids related to 


new : suspected mastermind behind not among those arrested in raid , paris prosector says . 
does anyone think looks like jk ? time to shave jimmy ? 
abc : new : suspected mastermind behind not among those arrested in raid , paris prosector … 
wntonight : rt abc : new : suspected mastermind behind not among those arrested in raid , pa … 



prince william and duchess kate sign book of condolences for victims of " 

president obama : ' we cannot and we will not succumb to fear . ' 
president obama : ‘ we cannot and we will not succumb to fear . ’ 


pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defend our nation . " 
pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defend our n … 
abc7 : rt abc : pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defe … 
pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do ever … 
pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defend our na … 
brookingsfp : rt abc : pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ...… 


coming up : news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11:40 am et . 
brookingsfp : rt nightline : coming up : abc news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11 : … 
will speak in 5 minutes news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11:40 am et . 
rt abc : coming up : abc news special report . president obama to deliver stateme … 
coming up : abc news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11:40 am et . 
cyberanonymous : abc : coming up : abc news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11:40 am e … 
coming up : abc news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . … 

happy - from all of us at news ! 
happy – from all of us at news ! 
happy - from all of us at abc news ! 

rt france carries out 128 raids in emergency anti-terrorism crackdown after … 

immigrants share their experiences about what it’s like to move to america : 

. corp media buries their fav jeb bush's remark " make them prove they're christian " 
. hey did you see this & choose to ignore it ? 
. jeb bush agrees with trump -refugees should have to prove theyre christian 
. jeb bush agrees with trump - refugees should have to prove they’re christian 
jeb bush wants a christian test for refugees , but fawning ignores it . 


rt . is live with 40 hours of non-stop coverage , including latest on … 

rt photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 

“ come back and insult me to my face ” : sen. cruz challenges pres . obama over syrian refugees 


rt people around the world commemorate the lives lost in the 



8-year-old has sent 6,087 ( and counting ) handmade crosses to police officers across the us : 
rt 8-year-old has sent 6,087 handmade crosses to police officers across the us : … 
8-year-old has sent 6,087 handmade crosses to police officers across the us : via 

2 iraqi refugees settled in ky turned out to be al qaeda-linked terrorists w/ us soldiers blood on their hands 


watch : striking new video shows moment 2 people are arrested in saint-denis raid in 


grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love by sharing 100 love letters to late wife " 
now this is inspiring !! 
grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love after sharing 100 love letters to late wife 
amazing story of love . 
rt grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love by sharing 100 love letters to late wife : https :/ … 
rt grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love by sharing 100 love letters to late wife : ht … 
grieving husband inspires strangers to spread after sharing 100 love letters to late wife - yahoo 
my jlc sister remembered grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love-100 love letters to late wife : 

obama plans to veto refugee screening bill , despite terrorists having entered u.s. under guise of being refugees . ➠ 
. vows to veto bill increasing screening for refugees 
rt why on earth ? obama vows to veto bill increasing screening for refugees 
is this a joke ? who is this asshole working for 
obama vows to veto bill requiring background check on refugees . well of course ! let's just bring in more sunni ... 
( dan ) an object lesson for anyone who won't unconditionally support the democratic candidate in 2016 : the prez ,... 
vows to veto increased screening bill of 
he's an idiot 
i am sorry from the state of illinois but you will get mad at me when i say you must impeach barack obama -- the ... 
despite the fact that known terrorists have entered the us under the guise of being refugees , despite a new ... 
now we cant even screen them ?? agenda ! 
obama vows to veto house bill for increased refugee screenings . is this decision smart or dangerous ? 
help us trump . 
rt vows to veto bill increasing screening for - abc news - via 
i spoke of how we don't really know who'd be entering in my bible video before all of this happened . and this ... 
rt breaking : obama plans to veto bill increasing screening for 
yep -- he wants what he wants ! 
impeach this piece of shit now 
i pray i eat crow and that nothing happens here in the us . i don't understand obama's agenda . 
at what point does usa realize he is against us , obama vows 2 veto bill increasing screening 4 refugees - via 
rt president obama has threatened to veto a bill that would intensify screenings of refugees … its … 
how can a potus vow to veto security measures to protect american lives ? who's the enemy ? via 



from all of us at news​ - happy 
from all of us at abc news​ - happy 
from all of us at news​ – happy 


latest : raid thwarted terrorist group preparing for a new attack , official says : … 


family of belgian terror suspect insists he didn't help paris attackers 

pres . obama : " we cannot and we will not succumb to fear ... americans will not be terrorized . " 
pres . obama : " we cannot and we will not succumb to fear ... americans will not be terr … 



pres . obama awards medal of freedom to legendary filmmaker steven spielberg . " 
' pres . obama awards medal of freedom to legendary filmmaker steven spielb … see more 

happy birthday to 
rt abc7ny : rt abc : happy birthday to robinroberts ! 


8-year-old has sent 6,087 ( and counting ) handmade crosses to police officers across the us : … 



rt pres . obama mocks republicans on refugee stance : " they are scared of widows and orphans . " … 


rt just in : russia's security service says the plane crash in egypt , was a ' terrorist act ' … 

garrett talks entries and soft targets . 
rt former f.b.i agent , brad garrett , discusses the 5 arrests made in the latest french raids : 

pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it together . " 
pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it … 
abc : pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it togeth … 

on donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
on west : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
cyberanonymous : abc : on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he te … 
on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u . s .… 

rt watch : two-legged puppy is on the move , thanks to 3-d printed wheelchair : 






watch : us-led coalition airstrike destroys isis bridge near ramadi , iraq . 
coalition airstrike destroys da'ish bridge near ramadi , 
coalition airstrike destroys bridge near ramadi , 

rt facing a fourth battle with cancer , 8-year-old finds the love of his life in a classmate : … 

rt also on turkey confirms they shot down a russian fighter jet near syria-turkey border . 
also on west coast : turkey confirms they shot down a russian fighter jet near syria-turkey border . 


rt couple welcomes identical triplets - so rare it only happens in 1 in a million births . … 

“ come back and insult me to my face ” : sen. cruz challenges pres . obama over syrian refugees 
rt “ come back and insult me to my face ” : sen. cruz challenges pres . obama over syrian refugees https :/ … 



brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called . 
and on west coast : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called . 
rt lockdown : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called : … 
and on gma : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has cal … 

rt individuals on fbi’s terrorist watchlist can legally purchase firearms . 
rt worried about refugees ? people on fbi’s terrorist watchlist can legally purchase firearms ! htt … 
thanks nra dicks “ individuals on fbi’s terror watchlist can legally purchase firearms . 
individuals on fbi’s terrorist watchlist can legally buy firearms . 



feds : california farm recalls produce used in costco chicken salad linked to e . coli outbreak 
farm recalls produce used in costco salad linked to 
farm produce used in linked to e . coli . 
recalls produce used in costco salad linked to e . coli - abc news 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! farm recalls produce used in costco salad … 








rt photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 
rt abc : photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 


canada to announce plans to resettle 25,000 syrian refugees by dec . 31 : 
to announce plan to bring 25,000 on tuesday 
canada to announce plan to resettle 25,000 refugees tuesday - abc news - via 
to announce plans to resettle 25,000 syrian by dec . 31 ( abcnews ): 
hurrah canada , which will take in next 5 weeks more syrian refugees than the uk will take in next 5 years . 
canada to announce plan to resettle 25,000 refugees tuesday .... there goes the neighborhood 
to announce plans to resettle 25,000 by dec . 31 : 


rt watch : special education teacher begins each day by complimenting students , one by one … 
rt watch : special education teacher begins each day by complimenting students , one by one … 
rt 😍 rt watch : special ed teacher begins each day by complimenting students , one by one https : … 

on protests erupt in chicago after video released of laquan mcdonald being shot by police ... 
on gma : protests erupt in chicago after video released of laquan mcdonald being shot by police ... 
cyberanonymous : abc : on gma : protests erupt in chicago after video released of laquan mcdonald being shot by polic … 
on gma : protests erupt in chicago after video released of laquan mcdonald being shot … 


rt face transplant surgery gives 41-year-old former firefighter a new 26-year-old face : … 

- from our news family to yours ! 


forget 8 hours of sleep — our ancestors used to sleep in “ chunks ” 

forget 8 hours of sleep — our ancestors used to sleep in “ chunks ” 
abc : forget 8 hours of sleep — our ancestors used to sleep in “ chunks ” 



prince william and duchess kate sign book of condolences for victims of " 

family member of yogi berra accepts medal of freedom awarded to the baseball legend posthumously 
cyberanonymous : abc : family member of yogi berra accepts medal of freedom awarded to the baseball legend posthumou … 

pres . obama awards medal of freedom to baseball legend willie howard mays , jr. 

u2 reschedules concert postponed due to and promises to " put on our best . " " 
u2 reschedules concert postponed due to & promises to " put on our best . " 
u2 reschedules paris concert postponed due to attacks 

rt france drops 16 new bombs on isis in raqqa ; airstrikes target training and command centers : … 

rt rocky retail climate will make for “ happy holidays ” for consumers : 

rt french , english soccer teams delivered moving display of solidarity at wembley stadium … 

rt video shows french fighter jets bombing isis targets in syria in multiple airstrikes . … 

couple welcomes identical triplets - so rare it only happens in 1 in a million births . 
couple welcomes identical triplets - it only happens in 1 in a million births . via 



rt two-legged puppy is on the move , thanks to 3-d printed wheelchair : 

french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intelligence sharing . 
abc7 : rt abc : french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intell … 
french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & s … 
abc : french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intelligence sh … 
french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intelligence s … 



france , still reeling from isis attacks , commits to accepting 30 thousand refugees 




9-year-old boston bombing victim has a message for parisians : “ stop hurting others . peace . ” … 
boston bombing victim has a message 4 parisians : " stop hurting others . peace ” h/t 
abc : 9-year-old boston bombing victim has a message for parisians : “ stop hurting others . peace . ” … 

death of 7-year-old girl missing at football game in kentucky ruled a homicide : " 

new england patriots ' nate solder announces infant son has kidney cancer : " 

french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out first airstrikes against isis targets in iraq . 
rt developing : french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out airstrikes against targets in … 
developing : french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out airstrikes against targets in - abc 
french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out first airstrikes against isis targets in → " iraq " ← 

rt isis threatens us , claiming that it will carry out attack in dc . “ their agenda is to kill . ” … 


pure joy : take a moment and watch this 101-year-old woman playing in the snow : 
rt ❄️joy : take a moment to watch this 101-year-old woman playing in the snow : … 
101-year-old woman playing in the snow is absolutely 
my 90 year old grandma would approve ! 
happy thanksgiving . be grateful and experience joy ! 
god bless mom ! 


" we know of no specific and credible intelligence indicating a plot on the homeland . " 






rt brother of suspect calls for him to give up as manhunt intensifies : 

search for mother after baby left in nativity manger 
mother who left baby in nyc church nativity manger won't be charged : 
mother who left baby in nyc nativity manger won't be charged 
rt mother who left baby in nyc nativity manger won't be charged | … 
woman who left baby in a manger at a church in queens will not face charges . find out why : 
mother who left baby in nyc church nativity manger won’t be charged : … 
got to give her points for poetics but what the hell ... 
they found a baby lying in the manger but this is not the story you know . 


minneapolis officers involved in fatal shooting of 24-year-old jamar clark have been id'd: 



pres . obama : " we know of no specific and credible intelligence indicating a plot on the homeland . " 
obama : " no credible intelligence indicating a plot on the homeland . " in other words " mind your own business 

rt couple welcomes identical triplets - so rare it only happens in 1 in a million births . … 



rt states ' opposition to may impact settlement : 


man convicted of 3 sex assaults cleared by los angeles judge after dna points to serial rapist 
convict in 3 sex crimes freed by dna tied to fugitive rapist 
convict in 3 sex crimes freed by dna tied to fugitive rapist - abc news ( via 
man convicted of 3 sex assaults cleared by los angeles judge after dna points to serial … 

four passengers removed from spirit airlines flight because of “ suspicious activity ” " 





rt watch : uss harry truman aircraft carrier departs norfolk , virginia as part of a 7 month operation to fight isis . … 
watch : uss harry truman aircraft carrier departs norfolk , virginia as part of 7 month operation to fight isis . 
abc : watch : uss harry truman aircraft carrier departs norfolk , virginia as part of 7 month operation to fight isis . 

not long ago , the white house was criticized for not admitting enough syrian refugees 

sometimes it just takes a little encouragement to do something really big . deklan wanted to thank the troops on ... 
first grader's thanksgiving project results in 500 care packages and cards for troops : 
first grader's thanksgiving project results in 500 cards , care packages for troops 
awesome ! 




pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and those who sent them . " 
rt wntonight " rt abc : pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and th … " 
wntonight : rt abc : pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and those … 
b oh shut up . if you hadnt got all caught up in their business in the first place we wouldnt be burying the dead ! 
pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and those who sent the … 
wsoctv : rt abc : pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and those wh … 





rt still ahead on their performance can be watched here : … 
" 1d performed on this morning ! watch their performance here : " 
rt you and me ... 
rt who's watching ? 
rt retweet if you’re ready for tweet with and 
rt just 6 more hours . watch here : 
rt everyone make sure to tune in ! should be a good interview , haha . | 
rt about to go live for 40th anniversary ! catch me now at 
rt link to watch rudy and diego they go on at 8p et / 5pm pt . will be on too ! thx 
rt watch : & on 8pm https : … 
rt happy 40th anniversary watch & diego of thanks … 
rt huge thank you to another amazing experience . … 
rt we are with at the live broadcast ! watch the here ! … 
rt diego joins on 
rt stars answer fan q's live on https://… 
rt " i try to use music everyday to inspire people , " - on 


ben carson making surprise trip to jordan to tour refugee camp 


police release photos of suspect in pregnant woman's death 


young boston bombing victim has message for world after “ stop hurting others ” … 
young boston bombing victim has message for world after “ stop hurting … 

sues for jfk assassination film 
texas woman seeks return of film shot by grandfather that shows portion of jfk assassination 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination of jfk : 
woman seeks return of film showing jfk assassination 
wsoctv : rt abc : woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 ass … 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination of jf … 
abc : woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination … 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination … 

rt french , english soccer teams delivered moving display of solidarity at wembley stadium … 
and soccer teams unite in defiance and respect 
france , england soccer teams unite in defiance , respect - abc news ( via 



with paris attacks dominating the news , ben carson searches for his foreign policy footing 


after being denied entry in indiana , family of finds a home 

love letter found on greece beach sparks search for refugee couple : 
rt abc : love letter found on greece beach sparks search for refugee couple : … 
“ love letter found on greece beach sparks search for refugee couple : ” 

rt brother of suspect calls for him to give up as manhunt intensifies : 

rt watch : 4-year-old with leukemia who “ married ” her nurse finally gets her first dance . … 
rt abc : watch : 4-year-old with leukemia who “ married ” her nurse finally gets her first dance . http … 




alert : news special report : president obama delivers remarks on homeland security : 
we're live streaming our trip from to 
watching take on travel challenge : 
it's the map vs app vs nav travel challenge on follow + live @ 
. pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold joint news conference at the white house . live stream here : 
obama : " france is our oldest ally , you helped us win independence ... we owe our freedom to each other . " 
obama : isis must be destroyed and we must do it together . 
alert : news special report : pres . obama , pres . hollande hold joint news conference : 
obama speaking now with the french president 
obama and french president going live from the white house any second : 
rt . is giving you a live peek inside the rehearsals ! take a look now : … 
rt tune in tomorrow 1230pm eastern for thanksgiving strait talk chat : me and food , … 
tune in tomorrow 1230pm eastern for thanksgiving strait talk chat : me and food , family , football 
rt and now is showing the purple carpet live 
today ! 7:15 pm est ! see the dharma of on | 
this osborne famly special light show looks awesome on news - watch it on apps 
hasbro designer mark boudreaux talks tonight on at 6:30 pm et ! 
heading into for the live star wars hour at 6:30 . check it out and rt ! 
prepping my interview abc !! live hour with 630pm-730pm est 
watch : great insight right now from on 
watch : here we go ! a full hour of political coverage on with and 
star wars napkins on 40th anniversary live stream tonite : http:// 
star wars extravaganza on tonight 630pm-730pm !! featuring and me 
rt : join me live tonight for their 40th ! tune into the the web with and for the fun ! 
rt hasbronews hasbro designer mark boudreaux talks tonight on at 6:30 pm et ! 
rt here is the live stream for it is going now but they will be on later - 10:30 et ( new york time zone ) … 
rt check out for the live stream from the marvel's jessica jones premiere now 
rt thanks to we're live from the studio ! 
rt hasbronews hasbro designer mark boudreaux talks tonight on at 6pm et ! 
live : officials give new details on arrest in murder of 9-year-old tyshawn lee in chicago 


two baby red pandas make their debut at the prospect park zoo in ny . 
rt two baby red pandas make their debut at the prospect park zoo in new york . 
baby red pandas debut at new york zoo 
2 baby red pandas make debut at new york zoo 





rt more : pres . obama vows to veto bill increasing screening for refugees - 
fuck you obama ! obama vows to veto bill incrscreening for refugees - 
more : pres . obama vows to veto bill increasing screening for refugees -abcpolitics 


handgun discovered near home of pastor’s slain wife : 



rt watch as a reported tornado tears through kansas - just one of the 38 reported tornadoes yesterday . more on … 

also on more on the downed russian fighter jet as the second pilot is reportedly ' alive and well . ' 
also on gma : more on the downed russian fighter jet as the second pilot is reportedly ' alive and well . ' 
cyberanonymous : abc : also on gma : more on the downed russian fighter jet as the second pilot is reportedly ' alive … 
also on gma : more on the downed russian fighter jet as the second pilot is reportedl … 

rt why does tsa always punish travelers who did nothing after a tsa screw-up with longer waits at s … 
passes airport security with stolen boarding pass 
why does tsa always punish travelers who did nothing after a tsa screw-up with longer waits at screening lines ? 
man passed through airport security with stolen boarding pass before being caught , jail records show : 


john kerry says us seeks new military , counterterrorism and diplomatic ideas to destroy isis 
us trying to speed up efforts to defeat isis , john kerry says 
rt john kerry says us seeking new military , counterterrorism , diplomatic ideas to destroy isis . … 
rt john kerry says us seeking new military , counterterrorism , diplomatic ideas to destroy isis . https :/ … 
rt john kerry says us seeks new military , counterterrorism and diplomatic ideas to destroy isis https :/ … 
us trying to speed up efforts to defeat islamic state 

united airlines quietly drops $50 “ hardship fee , ” just in time for the holidays : 


rt french airstrikes target isis command and training centers in raqqa , syria : 

rt giant panda plays in the snow at the beijing zoo : 
giant play in the 

eagles of death metal returns home after " we are horrified . " 
“ eagles of death metal returns home after " we are horrified . " ” 
rt eagles of death metal returns home after " we are horrified . " 


individuals on fbi’s terrorist watchlist can legally purchase firearms . 

rt as manhunt intensifies for suspect , authorities warn he may be heavily armed : … 

rt brother of suspect calls for him to give up as manhunt intensifies : 
rt abc : brother of suspect calls for him to give up as manhunt intensifies : 



pres . obama says the us has so far conducted 8,000 airstrikes on isis strongholds and equipment . 

frank gifford's family says nfl legend suffered from cte , linked to traumatic brain injury : 
frank gifford's family says cte found in late hall of famer's brain after death 
frank gifford's family says cte found in his brain 
hoping for changes to all contact sports to protect the players as we learn more [ frank gifford's - abc news 
frank gifford's family says nfllegend suffered from cte , linked to traumatic brain injury " 

charlie sheen reveals he is hiv positive : " it's a turning point in one's life . " " 

single mom pizza delivery driver gets shocking $ 1,400 tip from church [ 
single mom gets shocking $ 1,400 tip on pizza delivery run 
want a good cry this thanksgiving then look no further than ( literally ) rocky top , tn ! today is not about the ... 
single mom receives $ 1,400 tip from church on pizza delivery run : " i couldn't help but cry . " 
audrey martin , a mom to three children under the age of five , is a ... 
it’s always a good time to be a blessing to someone- 
beautiful ! as we approach thanksgiving - lets be thankful and giving to others in whatever ways we can . god bless 
rt single mom receives $ 1,400 tip from church on pizza delivery run : " i couldn't help but cry . " https :/ … 
nice to see those who need ... receive✊🙏 


rt eiffel tower to reopen at 6pm local time after workers concerned about safety walked out - … 

pres . obama before pardoning turkeys ahead of " america is after all a country of second chances . " 
top story : ' pres . obama before pardoning turkeys ahead of … see more 



after two catastrophic losses , nasa gearing up to try again with resupply missions to iss . 
mt nasa gearing up to try again with resupply missions 


isis claims bomb hidden in soda can took down russian plane : - 

rt 7-year-old boy donates all the money in his piggy bank to a vandalized mosque 


rt leonid meteor shower starts at midnight tonight with meteors traveling at 44 miles a second : … 

rt photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 
muslims around the world show support for the victims of terrorism . 
rt “ islam is not terrorism . ” muslims around world unite against terrorism after … 
i note these people are saying it in a safe european country . haven't seen anything similar from muslim countries . 
photos : not in our name : muslims unite against terrorism 
photos : not in our name : muslims unite … roh3 smantibatam 
photos : not in our name : … roh3 smantibatam 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! photos : not in our name : muslims unite a … 
rt “ islam is not terrorism . ” muslims around world unite against terrorism after https://… 
rt abc : photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 
did the photographer ask everybody to squeeze in ? ... [ a few ] muslims unite against terrorism 
this needs to be retweeted 

jilted bride wears wedding gown in 5k run : “ now this dress is about friendship and support . ” 
jilted bride wears wedding gown in 5k run : “ now this dress is about friendship and s … 

rt death of 7-year-old girl missing at football game in kentucky ruled a homicide : 

after being denied entry in indiana , family of finds a home in connecticut : 
rt after being denied entry in indiana , family of finds a home in connecticut : https://… 

bobby jindal drops out of presidential race : " this is not my time . " " 

$160b deal to combine pfizer & allergan and make world's biggest drug company raises outcry 
allergan sparks backlash from lawmakers . abc world news ( 11/23 , story 7 , 0:25 , muir ) reported on the ... 
with globalization what is a us business ? world governments may have to adjust to new reality . see via 
$160b deal to combine pfizer & allergan & make world's biggest drug company raises outcry : " 
$160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry - abc news 
$160b deal to combine and allergan raises outcry . via 
don't blame them — our u.s. tax system is clearly broken -> $160b deal to combine and raises outcry 
agrees to buy allergan in order to dodge paying via abc 
$160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry : $160b deal to combine ... 





france drops 16 new bombs on isis in raqqa ; airstrikes target training and command centers : " 
day 4 of france's strikes on isis . reports : 
rt day 4 of france's strikes on isis . reports : 
day 4 of france's strikes on isis martharaddatz reports : 
rt france and russia , vowing revenge and taking action , cooperate with each other to target isis : … 





watch live : pres . obama to pardon turkeys ahead of 
pres . obama about to speak on homeland security - watch online : or on 
rt really cool place for townhall in carroll , ia this am . watch it here : http … 
watch live : president obama and french president hollande hold joint press conference . 
watch the obama/hollande press conference live : 
. " streaming pbo & french pres . hollande hold news conference " 
streaming on pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold joint news conference 
rt marco's in carroll iowa this morning - watch live here now : 
live streaming of campaign rallies etc . at in now 

more : pres . obama says if there ever is a credible threat to the homeland , the public will be informed . 
it's hard to know what to do with this info ; this is what paris thought on nov 12 
top story : abc news on twitter : " pres . obama : " we know of no specific and credi … see more 
“ more : pres . obama says if there ever is a credible threat to the homeland , the public will be informed . ” 
more : pres . obama says if there ever is a credible threat to the homeland , the public will be informed . … 
the true solution to keeping usa safe ... deport osama bin barack to his country of origin 
abc : more : pres . obama says if there ever is a credible threat to the homeland , the public will be informed . 
president obama delivers statement on national security . 
abc4utah : president obama delivers statement on national security . 
rt wntonight " more : pres . obama says if there ever is a credible threat to the homeland , the public will be inform … " 
i'm guessing we're on high alert today now . 
mmm ... yeah , i'm going to call bs on that one potus is a liar 
does that mean all the threats have been ' contained' ? 
my people aren't safe in this country , so wyd 
this is the same guy that says the iran deal isn't valid because they didn't sign it . 

oregon school cancels dance over dirty dancing concerns - abc news 
high school cancels upcoming winter dance because of concerns about dirty dancing : 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! oregon school cancels dance over dirty dan … 


facebook activates “ safety check ” following yola , nigeria bombing : 
rt rt facebook activates “ safety check ” following yola , nigeria bombing 



rt us intelligence analysts warned of enhanced isis capabilities to conduct paris-style attacks … 


rt and on champs and finalists are all live on this am . … 
rt says ' g'day america!' and is on her way to 
and on gma : dancingabc champs bindiirwin , derekhough and finalists are all live on gma this am . 

watch : pardons abe the turkey 
pres . obama pardons " abe " ahead of 
rt watch : pres . obama pardons abe the turkey ahead of thanksgiving : " he's a natural ! " 
pres . obama pardons “ abe ” ahead of 

pres . obama formally pardons turkeys honest and abe ahead of 
u guess which is the real turkey and which should be jailed without a pardon ??? 

one of only 4 northern white rhinos believed to be left in the world has died : 
endangered white rhino dies at san diego-area zoo - abc news ( via 
one of the rarest rhinos has died . 

minneapolis police say 5 shot near protest scene 
" group raised suspicions before 5 were shot at police protest " 
group raised suspicions before 5 were shot at police protest - abc news ( via 
group raised suspicions before 5 were shot at police protest : protesters demanding justice for a black man fat ... 
minneapolis police say several shot near protest scene 
small group raised suspicions at police protest before gunfire erupted and 5 people were shot 
3 white men take a break from their islamophobia to go full isis on a group of protestors in mpls . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! group raised suspicions before 5 were shot … 
minneapolis police say 5 shot near black lives matter protest : 
shooting at the mainstream media coverage : the view from the protest : 
minneapolis say 5 near protest scene 
five protesters were shot during protest in 
police say 5 shot near black lives matter protest ( abcnews ): 
shooting at black lives matter protest in minneapolis 

new : charlie sheen reveals he is hiv positive : " it's a turning point in one's life . " 


rt watch : special education teacher begins each day by complimenting students , one by one … 

rt love letter found on greece beach sparks search for refugee couple : 

newborn baby left in nativity manger at nyc church , cops say : 
away in a manger : a christmas delivery 
left in manger at - 
newborn left in christmas nativity manger at church , cops say 
a baby boy , with his umbilical cord still attached , was found in a manger . 
police : newborn left in christmas nativity manger at church 
newborn left in christmas nativity manger at church , police say - abc news - via 
newborn left in christmas nativity manger at church , cops say : police searching for person who left ... 
newborn left in nativity manger at church , cops say - abc news ( via 
newborn left in christmas nativity manger at church , cops say - news 

rt russia launches airstrikes on isis targets in syria after confirming metrojet plane crash was ‘ terrorist ' bombing . … 


pres . reagan was first us president to officially " pardon " a turkey ahead of 
thanksgiving traditions at the white house 
reagan was first us president to " pardon " a turkey for 

new york mayor accuses chris christie of “ playing to the cheap seats ” on 

