


pres . obama awards medal of freedom to james taylor . 





donald trump says he wasn't making fun of reporter's disability : 












" how black friday played out around the country " 
( the latest : black friday ( 
a look at how played out across the country 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! how black friday played out around the cou … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! the latest : black friday around the country 
the latest : black friday around the country : the latest : holiday shopping season gets started on thanksg ... 
the latest : black friday : the latest : holiday shopping season gets started on thanksgiving , continu ... 
news the latest : black friday 
the latest : holiday shopping season gets started on thanksgiving , continues on black friday 



rt prince william and duchess kate sign book of condolences for victims of … 





rt 8-year-old has sent 6,087 ( and counting ) handmade crosses to police officers across the us : … 

grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love by sharing 100 love letters to late wife " 
now this is inspiring !! 
grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love after sharing 100 love letters to late wife 
amazing story of love . 
rt grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love by sharing 100 love letters to late wife : https :/ … 
rt grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love by sharing 100 love letters to late wife : ht … 
grieving husband inspires strangers to spread after sharing 100 love letters to late wife - yahoo 
my jlc sister remembered grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love-100 love letters to late wife : 

obama plans to veto refugee screening bill , despite terrorists having entered u.s. under guise of being refugees . ➠ 
obama vows to veto bill increasing screening for refugees 
rt why on earth ? obama vows to veto bill increasing screening for refugees 
is this a joke ? who is this asshole working for 
obama vows to veto bill requiring background check on refugees . well of course ! let's just bring in more sunni ... 
( dan ) an object lesson for anyone who won't unconditionally support the democratic candidate in 2016 : the prez ,... 
vows to veto increased screening bill of 
he's an idiot 


pres . obama awards medal of freedom to barbra streisand . 

happy birthday to 
rt abc7ny : rt abc : happy birthday to robinroberts ! 


find spiked baseball bats throughout san francisco 
street art with many points . 
sounds like some bad , weird art project probably , but still .… — police find spiked baseball bats throughout sf 
perhaps are thinking of streaming a new show titled " extreme s&m " ? 




brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called . 
and on west coast : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called . 
rt lockdown : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called : … 
and on gma : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has cal … 


farm recalls produce used in costco salad linked to 
feds : california farm recalls produce used in costco chicken salad linked to e . coli outbreak 
farm produce used in linked to e . coli . 
recalls produce used in costco salad linked to e . coli - abc news 


heads to central african republic with peace message 
pope heads to central african republic with peace message : 
retweeted abc news ( pope heads to central african republic with peace message : 
pope heads to central african republic with peace message via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! pope heads to central african republic wit … 
pope honors ugandan christian martyrs as example of faith : 
pope honors ugandan christian martyrs as example of faith - abc news 
pope honors ugandan christian martyrs as example of faith - pope honors ugandan christian martyrs as example of ... 



rt photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 
rt abc : photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 

to announce plan to bring 25,000 on tuesday 
canada to announce plans to resettle 25,000 syrian refugees by dec . 31 : 
canada to announce plan to resettle 25,000 refugees tuesday - abc news - via 
to announce plans to resettle 25,000 syrian by dec . 31 ( abcnews ): 
hurrah canada , which will take in next 5 weeks more syrian refugees than the uk will take in next 5 years . 
canada to announce plan to resettle 25,000 refugees tuesday .... there goes the neighborhood 
to announce plans to resettle 25,000 by dec . 31 : 



- from our news family to yours ! 









mother who left baby in nyc church nativity manger won't be charged : 
mother who left newborn baby in nativity manger at new york city church won't be prosecuted 
search for mother after baby left in nativity manger 
mother who left baby in nyc nativity manger won't be charged 
rt mother who left baby in nyc nativity manger won't be charged | … 
woman who left baby in a manger at a church in queens will not face charges . find out why : 
mother who left baby in nyc church nativity manger won’t be charged : … 
got to give her points for poetics but what the hell ... 
they found a baby lying in the manger but this is not the story you know . 


pres . obama : " we know of no specific and credible intelligence indicating a plot on the homeland . " 
obama : " no credible intelligence indicating a plot on the homeland . " in other words " mind your own business 


boy home after undergoing surgery to reattach arm after it was severed in a tractor : 
rt boy home after undergoing surgery to reattach arm after it was severed in a tractor : 
abc : boy home after undergoing surgery to reattach arm after it was severed in a tractor : 
pennsylvania boy , 12 , home after surgery to reattach arm 
12-year-old pennsylvania boy returns home after surgery to reattach arm severed by tractor 
pennsylvania boy , 12 , home after surgery to … roh3 smantibatam 
pennsylvania boy , 12 , home after surgery … roh3 smantibatam 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! pennsylvania boy , 12 , home after surgery t … 


rt french , english soccer teams delivered moving display of solidarity at wembley stadium … 


family member of yogi berra accepts medal of freedom awarded to the baseball legend posthumously 
cyberanonymous : abc : family member of yogi berra accepts medal of freedom awarded to the baseball legend posthumou … 


pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it together . " 
pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it … 
abc : pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it togeth … 

police officer shot , killed during call ; man arrested 
police officer shot , killed during call ; suspect sought : 
seo website builder police office ... 





rt french airstrikes target isis command and training centers in raqqa , syria : 

rt giant panda plays in the snow at the beijing zoo : 
giant pandas play in the snow photos | image - abc news 
giant play in the 


pres . obama awards medal of freedom to legendary filmmaker steven spielberg . " 
' pres . obama awards medal of freedom to legendary filmmaker steven spielb … see more 

single mom receives $ 1,400 tip from church on pizza delivery run : " i couldn't help but cry . " 
single mom pizza delivery driver gets shocking $ 1,400 tip from church [ 
single mom gets shocking $ 1,400 tip on pizza delivery run 
want a good cry this thanksgiving then look no further than ( literally ) rocky top , tn ! today is not about the ... 
audrey martin , a mom to three children under the age of five , is a ... 
it’s always a good time to be a blessing to someone- 
beautiful ! as we approach thanksgiving - lets be thankful and giving to others in whatever ways we can . god bless 
rt single mom receives $ 1,400 tip from church on pizza delivery run : " i couldn't help but cry . " https :/ … 
nice to see those who need ... receive✊🙏 




safety issue : portland school cancels dance : a portland public schools official says dancing has made some studen … 
portland , oregon , high school cancels dance over dirty dancing concerns 
high school cancels upcoming winter dance because of concerns about dirty dancing : 
rt high school cancels upcoming winter dance because of concerns about dirty dancing : 
retweeted mazen djs ( retweeted abc news ( high school cancels upcoming winter dance because ... 
oregon school cancels dance over dirty dancing concerns -- what do you think ? should they cancel or continue ? 
oregon school cancels dance over dirty dancing concerns - abc news 


rt clinton says congress should " swiftly " pass an updated authorization to use military force . https : … 
rt obama speaking live about paris attacks 
watch live : pres . obama to pardon turkeys ahead of 
pres . obama about to speak on homeland security - watch online : or on 
rt really cool place for townhall in carroll , ia this am . watch it here : http … 
watch live : president obama and french president hollande hold joint press conference . 
watch the obama/hollande press conference live : 
. " streaming pbo & french pres . hollande hold news conference " 
streaming on pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold joint news conference 
rt marco's in carroll iowa this morning - watch live here now : 
live streaming of campaign rallies etc . at in now 

john kerry says us seeks new military , counterterrorism and diplomatic ideas to destroy isis 
us trying to speed up efforts to defeat isis , john kerry says 
rt john kerry says us seeking new military , counterterrorism , diplomatic ideas to destroy isis . … 
rt john kerry says us seeking new military , counterterrorism , diplomatic ideas to destroy isis . https :/ … 
rt john kerry says us seeks new military , counterterrorism and diplomatic ideas to destroy isis https :/ … 
us trying to speed up efforts to defeat islamic state 


rt love letter found on greece beach sparks search for refugee couple : 


egypt says 90 percent chance of hidden rooms in king tut's tomb : 
egypt says 90% chance of hidden rooms in king tut's tomb 
egypt says 90 percent chance of hidden rooms in tut tomb h/t 
interesting . society will try to hide who you really are . crazy ????? if you meet another moregrass , they would ... 
egypt says 90% chance of hidden rooms in king tut’s tomb : 

pres . obama formally pardons turkeys honest and abe ahead of 
u guess which is the real turkey and which should be jailed without a pardon ??? 

pres . obama : " we are taking every possible step to keep our homeland safe . " 

rt watch : two-legged puppy is on the move , thanks to 3-d printed wheelchair : 

rt watch : tells he would ban syrian refugees from entering us h … 
rt watch : donald trump tells he would ban syrian refugees from entering us … 
watch tonight interview this @ 10:00 on abc 






suspected burglar dies after getting stuck in chimney : 
what a way to leave this world . how do you explain that to his mom ? 
suspected burglar dies after getting … roh3 smantibatam 
suspected burglar dies after getting stuck … roh3 smantibatam 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! suspected burglar dies after getting stuck … 

from all of us at news​ - happy 
from all of us at abc news​ - happy 
from all of us at news​ – happy 





rt france drops 16 new bombs on isis in raqqa ; airstrikes target training and command centers : https : … 


pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defend our nation . " 
pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defend our n … 
abc7 : rt abc : pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defe … 
pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do ever … 
pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defend our na … 
brookingsfp : rt abc : pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ...… 

coming up : news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11:40 am et . 
brookingsfp : rt nightline : coming up : abc news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11 : … 
will speak in 5 minutes news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11:40 am et . 
rt abc : coming up : abc news special report . president obama to deliver stateme … 
coming up : abc news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11:40 am et . 
cyberanonymous : abc : coming up : abc news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11:40 am e … 
coming up : abc news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . … 

happy - from all of us at news ! 
happy – from all of us at news ! 
happy - from all of us at abc news ! 



rt “ come back and insult me to my face ” : sen. cruz challenges pres . obama over syrian refugees … 




rt love letter found on greece beach sparks search for refugee couple : 



rt pres . obama mocks republicans on refugee stance : " they are scared of widows and orphans . " … 



rt facing a fourth battle with cancer , 8-year-old finds the love of his life in a classmate : … 

rt also on turkey confirms they shot down a russian fighter jet near syria-turkey border . 
also on west coast : turkey confirms they shot down a russian fighter jet near syria-turkey border . 

rt after two catastrophic losses , nasa gearing up to try again with resupply missions to iss . … 


police release photos of suspect in pregnant woman's death - abc news - via 







more : pres . obama says if there ever is a credible threat to the homeland , the public will be informed . 
it's hard to know what to do with this info ; this is what paris thought on nov 12 
top story : abc news on twitter : " pres . obama : " we know of no specific and credi … see more 
“ more : pres . obama says if there ever is a credible threat to the homeland , the public will be informed . ” 
more : pres . obama says if there ever is a credible threat to the homeland , the public will be informed . … 
the true solution to keeping usa safe ... deport osama bin barack to his country of origin 
abc : more : pres . obama says if there ever is a credible threat to the homeland , the public will be informed . 
president obama delivers statement on national security . 
abc4utah : president obama delivers statement on national security . 
rt wntonight " more : pres . obama says if there ever is a credible threat to the homeland , the public will be inform … " 
i'm guessing we're on high alert today now . 
mmm ... yeah , i'm going to call bs on that one potus is a liar 
does that mean all the threats have been ' contained' ? 
my people aren't safe in this country , so wyd 
this is the same guy that says the iran deal isn't valid because they didn't sign it . 









" we know of no specific and credible intelligence indicating a plot on the homeland . " 











pres . obama awards medal of freedom to baseball legend willie howard mays , jr. 




rt immigrants share their experiences about what it’s like to move to america : 

two baby red pandas make their debut at the prospect park zoo in ny . 
rt two baby red pandas make their debut at the prospect park zoo in new york . 
baby red pandas debut at new york zoo 
2 baby red pandas make debut at new york zoo 





police : gang members targeted 9-year-old boy shot in alley but the blm " protestors " are blocking white shoppers 🤔 
exactly this the guy he needs to fear : 
but they didn't protest the murder of a 9 year old , because this isn't about " black lives " at all . 
police : gang members targeted 9-year-old boy shot in alley - abc news 
chicago police : gang members lured boy from playground , shot him in the head : 
street gang in chicago recently hunted and killed a nine year old kid .. 
“ chicago police : gang members lured boy from playground , shot him in the head : ” 
people who say we don't have a gun problem , what now ? 
police : gang members targeted 9-year-old boy shot in alley - prosecutors : chicago gang member charged in boy's ... 
our children are sandwiched between a rock and a hard place : chicago police : gang members lured boy from ... 


rt 7-year-old boy donates all the money in his piggy bank to a vandalized mosque 

rt after being denied entry in indiana , family of finds a home in connecticut : … 

$160b deal to combine pfizer & allergan and make world's biggest drug company raises outcry 
allergan sparks backlash from lawmakers . abc world news ( 11/23 , story 7 , 0:25 , muir ) reported on the ... 
with globalization what is a us business ? world governments may have to adjust to new reality . see via 
$160b deal to combine pfizer & allergan & make world's biggest drug company raises outcry : " 
$160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry - abc news 
$160b deal to combine and allergan raises outcry . via 
don't blame them — our u.s. tax system is clearly broken -> $160b deal to combine and raises outcry 
agrees to buy allergan in order to dodge paying via abc 
news $160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry 
$160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry : $160b deal to combine drugm ... 


rt couple welcomes identical triplets - so rare it only happens in 1 in a million births . … 

pure joy : take a moment and watch this 101-year-old woman playing in the snow : 
rt ❄️joy : take a moment to watch this 101-year-old woman playing in the snow : … 
enjoy every minute of your life - here's how . 
101-year-old woman playing in the snow is absolutely 
my 90 year old grandma would approve ! 
happy thanksgiving . be grateful and experience joy ! 
god bless mom ! 



rt watch : uss harry truman aircraft carrier departs norfolk , virginia as part of a 7 month operation to fight isis . … 
rt watch : uss harry truman aircraft carrier departs norfolk , virginia as part of 7 month operation to fight isis . … 

rt just in : pres . obama statement on colorado springs shooting : ' this is not normal . we can’t let it become normal . ' … 
rt rt . " this is not normal . we cannot let it become normal . " 

newborn baby left in nativity manger at nyc church , cops say : 
away in a manger : a christmas delivery 
left in manger at - 
newborn left in christmas nativity manger at church , cops say 
a baby boy , with his umbilical cord still attached , was found in a manger . 
police : newborn left in christmas nativity manger at church 
newborn left in christmas nativity manger at church , police say - abc news - via 
newborn left in christmas nativity manger at church , cops say : police searching for person who left ... 
newborn left in nativity manger at church , cops say - abc news ( via 
newborn left in christmas nativity manger at church , cops say - news 

rt russia launches airstrikes on isis targets in syria after confirming metrojet plane crash was ‘ terrorist ' bombing . … 

( air pollution in beijing hits hazardous levels ( 
rt air pollution in beijing hits hazardous levels : 
air pollution in beijing hits hazardous levels , us embassy reports - 
air pollution in beijing hits hazardous levels - news 
beijing hit with severe air pollution that's expected to linger for days 


-- from our news family to yours ! 
-- from our abc news family to yours ! 





rt prince william and duchess kate sign book of condolences for victims of … 

( mississippi man accused of attacking parents over fast food ( 
man accused of attacking his parents because they ordered fast food , didn't get any for him : 
man accused of attacking his parents because they ordered fast food , didn't get any for h … 
mississippi man accused of killing his father and stabbing his mother over fast food . 
authorities say man attacked parents after they ordered fast food but didn't get any for him 



rt watch : special education teacher begins each day by complimenting students , one by one … 





on protests erupt in chicago after video released of laquan mcdonald being shot by police ... 
on gma : protests erupt in chicago after video released of laquan mcdonald being shot by police ... 
cyberanonymous : abc : on gma : protests erupt in chicago after video released of laquan mcdonald being shot by polic … 
on gma : protests erupt in chicago after video released of laquan mcdonald being shot … 







rt 9-year-old boston bombing victim has a message for parisians : “ stop hurting others . peace . ” … 






rt 8-year-old has sent 6,087 ( and counting ) handmade crosses to police officers across the us : … 


rt photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 

watch : us-led coalition airstrike destroys isis bridge near ramadi , iraq . 
coalition airstrike destroys da'ish bridge near ramadi , 
coalition airstrike destroys bridge near ramadi , 







rt face transplant surgery gives 41-year-old former firefighter a new 26-year-old face : … 



u2 reschedules concert postponed due to and promises to " put on our best . " " 
u2 reschedules concert postponed due to & promises to " put on our best . " 
u2 reschedules paris concert postponed due to attacks 


in a donated dress , girl dubbed baby doe is buried 
in a donated dress , girl dubbed baby doe is buried - abc news 
private funeral held for 2-year-old girl dubbed baby doe 
in a donated dress , girl dubbed baby doe is buried : in a donated dress , 2-year-old massachusett ... 
in a donated dress , girl dubbed baby doe is buried : in a donated dress , 2-year-o ... via . 
in a donated dress , girl dubbed baby doe is buried ushed 
private funeral held for 2-year-old massachusetts girl known for months as baby doe 
abc : private funeral held for 2-year-old girl dubbed baby doe : 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! private funeral held for 2-year-old girl d … 
private funeral held for 2-year-old girl … roh3 smantibatam 



french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out first airstrikes against isis targets in iraq . 
rt developing : french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out airstrikes against targets in … 
developing : french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out airstrikes against targets in - abc 
french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out first airstrikes against isis targets in → " iraq " ← 




frank gifford's family says nfl legend suffered from cte , linked to traumatic brain injury : 
frank gifford's family says cte found in late hall of famer's brain after death 
frank gifford's family says cte found in his brain 
hoping for changes to all contact sports to protect the players as we learn more [ frank gifford's - abc news 
frank gifford's family says nfllegend suffered from cte , linked to traumatic brain injury " 


rt al qaeda-linked terrorists once used the refugee program to settle in the us : - … 

rt not long ago , the white house was criticized for not admitting enough syrian refugees … 







pres . reagan was first us president to officially " pardon " a turkey ahead of 
thanksgiving traditions at the white house 
reagan was first us president to " pardon " a turkey for 


rt handgun discovered near home of pastor’s slain wife : 

also on more on the downed russian fighter jet as the second pilot is reportedly ' alive and well . ' 
also on gma : more on the downed russian fighter jet as the second pilot is reportedly ' alive and well . ' 
cyberanonymous : abc : also on gma : more on the downed russian fighter jet as the second pilot is reportedly ' alive … 
also on gma : more on the downed russian fighter jet as the second pilot is reportedl … 


individuals on fbi’s terrorist watchlist can legally purchase firearms . 

rt eiffel tower to reopen at 6pm local time after workers concerned about safety walked out - … 

pres . obama before pardoning turkeys ahead of " america is after all a country of second chances . " 
top story : ' pres . obama before pardoning turkeys ahead of … see more 


isis claims bomb hidden in soda can took down russian plane : 


garrett talks entries and soft targets . 


" some parishioners eye adoption of baby left in church manger " 
some parishioners eye adoption of baby left in new york city church cr ?? che 
some parishioners eye adoption of baby left … roh3 smantibatam 
some parishioners eye adoption of baby … roh3 smantibatam 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! some parishioners eye adoption of baby lef … 



watch : pardons abe the turkey 
pres . obama pardons " abe " ahead of 
rt watch : pres . obama pardons abe the turkey ahead of thanksgiving : " he's a natural ! " 
pres . obama pardons “ abe ” ahead of 

rt video shows french fighter jets bombing isis targets in syria in multiple airstrikes . … 





president obama : ' we cannot and we will not succumb to fear . ' 
president obama : ‘ we cannot and we will not succumb to fear . ’ 


poland will not extradite roman polanski to the us 
poland will not extradite roman polanski to the u.s. in an almost 40-year-old case : 
why ? because they can : will not extradite to the - news 

coming up : news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at approx . 11:30 am et 
listen live : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold a joint news conference 
wntonight : rt abc : coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at … 
cyberanonymous : abc : coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference a … 
coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at approx . 11:30 … 
coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at approx . 11:30 … 
coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at approx . 11:30 am et 
rt wntonight " rt abc : coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference … " 



pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian fighter jet . 
rt pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian fighter jet . https : … 
pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian fighter j … 
wsoctv : rt abc : pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian … 

left by white house fence jumper 
white house fence jumper left suicide note , documents say 
white house fence jumper left suicide note , documents say - abc news ( via 
white house fence jumper left suicide note , documents say - news 
rt man who jumped fence outside white house left suicide note , court documents show : 
rt will usa ever reopen state hospitals ? white house fence jumper left suicide note , - via 
“ man who jumped fence outside white house left suicide note , court documents show : ” 
man charged after thanksgiving lockdown at white house 
if only the govt reacted as swiftly with boarder jumpers . 

ex-inmate , beaten in 2012 by nyc jail guards , fatally shot 
former inmate , badly beaten by new york city jail guards in 2012 , fatally shot in brooklyn 
ex-inmate , beaten in 2012 by nyc jail … roh3 smantibatam 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ex-inmate , beaten in 2012 by nyc jail guar … 



obama gets some things right ! -- 




rt new : suspected mastermind behind not among those arrested in raid , paris prosector says . … 





pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and those who sent them . " 
b oh shut up . if you hadnt got all caught up in their business in the first place we wouldnt be burying the dead ! 
wsoctv : rt abc : pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and those wh … 


pres . obama : " we cannot and we will not succumb to fear ... americans will not be terrorized . " 
pres . obama : " we cannot and we will not succumb to fear ... americans will not be terr … 


mortar attack on un base in north mali kills 3 , injures 20 
mortar attack on un base in north mali kills 3 , injures 20 - news 
rocket attack on un base in north mali kills 3 , injures 20 
3 killed , 20 injured in mortar attack on un base in north mali : 
mortar attack on un base in north mali kills 3 , injures 20 : un mission says mortar attack on ba ... by : 
mortar attack on un base in north mali kills 3 , injures 20 : un mission says mortar attack on base in northern ... 
mortar attack on base in north kills 3 , injures 20 - news 
abc : 3 killed , 20 injured in mortar attack on un base in north mali : 

on donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
on west : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
cyberanonymous : abc : on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he te … 
on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u . s .… 

rt “ come back and insult me to my face ” : sen. cruz challenges pres . obama over syrian refugees … 


rt individuals on fbi’s terrorist watchlist can legally purchase firearms . 

hurricane sandra strengthens to a powerful category 4 storm in the eastern pacific 
hurricane sandra weakens slightly to category 3 storm 
hurricane sandra still powerful category 3 storm 
hurricane sandra strengthens to a category 4 storm 


man survives getting trapped by 158-foo t-t all smokestack as explosives fail to bring it down 
rt man survives getting trapped by 158-foo t-t all smokestack as explosives fail to bring it down https :/ … 
man survives getting trapped by 158-foottall smokestack as explosives fail to bring it down " 
caught on camera : excavator driver survives 158 foot smokestack collapse 
demolition worker lucky to be alive after a smokestack collapses on his excavator . 

rt watch : special education teacher begins each day by complimenting students , one by one … 
rt watch : special education teacher begins each day by complimenting students , one by one … 

officials id waitress who was killed over patron's cigarette 
officials id waitress who was killed over patron's cigarette - abc news 
he was a good person ..... with a gun . 
waitress shot in the head after asking a patron not to smoke , as is a smoke free restaurant - abc news 
johnny max mount : tattoo isis sucks on his forehead and give him a one way ticket to syria 
i think not ! waitress ' family . 
officials id 52 yr old waitress who was killed over american terrorist's cigarette fuck excuses blame 
this kind of shit makes me livid . how long do these senseless deaths need to continue in the name of " freedom " ? 
i mean , why would we let this guy live ? zero benefit to society here . 
police identify waffle house waitress who was shot to death after asking customer not to … 
and people are freaking over 5 year old syrian kids fleeing this kind of moronic killing over a cigarette ? 


alert : news special report : pres . obama delivers statement at white house . 
rt . news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference : … 
rt pres . obama on " this was an attack on our free and open societies . " … 
rt president obama presents medal of freedom to emilio and gloria estefan . 
rt wntonight : rt abcpolitics : president obama presents medal of freedom to willie mays … 
watch live : pres . obama awards presidential medal of freedom : 
live news stream | abc live streaming video - abc news see more 
alert : abc news special report : pres . obama delivers statement at white house . 
you can catch the livestream of addressing national security in light of recent here : 


rt rocky retail climate will make for “ happy holidays ” for consumers : 

french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intelligence sharing . 
abc7 : rt abc : french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intell … 
french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & s … 
abc : french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intelligence sh … 
french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intelligence s … 

rt two-legged puppy is on the move , thanks to 3-d printed wheelchair : 





rt couple welcomes identical triplets - so rare it only happens in 1 in a million births . … 



man convicted of 3 sex assaults cleared by los angeles judge after dna points to serial rapist 
convict in 3 sex crimes freed by dna tied to fugitive rapist 
convict in 3 sex crimes freed by dna tied to fugitive rapist - abc news ( via 
man convicted of 3 sex assaults cleared by los angeles judge after dna points to serial … 





first grader's thanksgiving project results in 500 care packages and cards for troops : 
first grader's thanksgiving project results in 500 cards , care packages for troops 
sometimes it just takes a little encouragement to do something really big . deklan wanted to thank the troops on ... 
awesome ! 

sues for jfk assassination film 
texas woman seeks return of film shot by grandfather that shows portion of jfk assassination 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination of jfk : 
woman seeks return of film showing jfk assassination 
wsoctv : rt abc : woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 ass … 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination of jf … 
abc : woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination … 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination … 

passengers who fled plane fire file lawsuit ( 
british airways passengers who fled plane fire file lawsuit - abc news - via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! british airways passengers who fled plane … 
british airways passengers who fled plane … roh3 smantibatam 

putin orders sanctions against turkey 
putin orders sanctions against turkey after downing of jet 
of words over jet 
rt putin orders sanctions against turkey 
turkish president says wishes plane downing had not happened 
rt turkish president says he wishes downing of russian warplane never happened : 
putin orders sanctions against after downing of jet 
rt turkish president erdogan voices regret over turkey's downing of a russian warplane … 
well this goes to stand as the first actions of the start of war . as members of nato we are locked into an ... 
putin order sanctions against following the downing of a war plane via 
sure sign this is going nowhere ? russian " sanctions " are weak sauce . 


rt french , english soccer teams delivered moving display of solidarity at wembley stadium … 

rt watch : 4-year-old with leukemia who “ married ” her nurse finally gets her first dance . … 

three die in texas as floods hit central us 
fatalities as freezing rain , floods and ice hit central us 
fatalities as freezing rain , floods and ice hit central us - abc news ( via 
winter weather : fatalities as freezing rain , floods and ice hit central us : 


live : holds campaign event in 
alert : news special report : president obama delivers remarks on homeland security : 
we're live streaming our trip from to 
watching take on travel challenge : 
it's the map vs app vs nav travel challenge on follow + live @ 
. pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold joint news conference at the white house . live stream here : 
obama : " france is our oldest ally , you helped us win independence ... we owe our freedom to each other . " 
obama : isis must be destroyed and we must do it together . 
alert : news special report : pres . obama , pres . hollande hold joint news conference : 
obama speaking now with the french president 
obama and french president going live from the white house any second : 
rt . is giving you a live peek inside the rehearsals ! take a look now : … 
rt tune in tomorrow 1230pm eastern for thanksgiving strait talk chat : me and food , … 
tune in tomorrow 1230pm eastern for thanksgiving strait talk chat : me and food , family , football 

rt just 6 more hours . watch here : 
rt retweet if you’re ready for tweet with and 
rt who's watching ? 
rt you and me ... 
rt 1d performed on this morning ! watch their performance here : … 
rt huge thank you to another amazing experience . … 
rt everyone make sure to tune in ! should be a good interview , haha . | 
rt gma : just 6 more hours . onedirection watch here : 
rt our cast will be performing on the anniversary live stream this morning at 9am ! 
rt still ahead on their performance can be watched here : … 
rt diego joins on 
rt " i try to use music everyday to inspire people , " - on 
rt don't miss tonight at 8pm on watch it here : 
rt wishing a happy 40th anniversary ! watch my intv live at 5pm pt / 8pm et … 
rt about to go live on 40th anniversary ! tune in now ! 
rt link to watch rudy and diego they go on at 8p et / 5pm pt . will be on too ! thx 
rt happy 40th anniversary watch & diego of thanks … 
rt watch : & on 8pm https : … 



rt why does tsa always punish travelers who did nothing after a tsa screw-up with longer waits at s … 
passes airport security with stolen boarding pass 
why does tsa always punish travelers who did nothing after a tsa screw-up with longer waits at screening lines ? 
man passed through airport security with stolen boarding pass before being caught , jail records show : 


rt photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 
muslims around the world show support for the victims of terrorism . 
rt “ islam is not terrorism . ” muslims around world unite against terrorism after … 
i note these people are saying it in a safe european country . haven't seen anything similar from muslim countries . 
photos : not in our name : muslims unite against terrorism 
photos : not in our name : muslims unite … roh3 smantibatam 
photos : not in our name : … roh3 smantibatam 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! photos : not in our name : muslims unite a … 
rt “ islam is not terrorism . ” muslims around world unite against terrorism after https://… 
rt abc : photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 


wisconsin school nixes plans for elementary school students to read children's book about a transgender girl : 
school nixes of about kid 
wisconsin school nixes reading of book about transgender kid 
school nixes of about kid - via 
wisconsin school nixes of about transgender kid - abc news - via 
transphobes can go shave their backs tbh 
threatened with lawsuit , wisconsin district cancels reading of book about transgender girl 
school nixes reading of book about kid - abc news - via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! wisconsin school nixes reading of book abo … 
wisconsin school nixes reading of book about … roh3 smantibatam 
abc : wisconsin school nixes plans for elementary school students to read children's book about a transgender girl : 


pres . obama says the us has so far conducted 8,000 airstrikes on isis strongholds and equipment . 

. corp media buries their fav jeb bush's remark " make them prove they're christian " 
. hey did you see this & choose to ignore it ? 
. jeb bush agrees with trump -refugees should have to prove theyre christian 
. jeb bush agrees with trump - refugees should have to prove they’re christian 
rt jeb bush wants a christian test for refugees , but fawning ignores it . 

rt leonid meteor shower starts at midnight tonight with meteors traveling at 44 miles a second : … 



minneapolis police say 5 shot near protest scene 
" group raised suspicions before 5 were shot at police protest " 
group raised suspicions before 5 were shot at police protest - abc news ( via 
group raised suspicions before 5 were shot at police protest : protesters demanding justice for a black man fat ... 
minneapolis police say several shot near protest scene 
small group raised suspicions at police protest before gunfire erupted and 5 people were shot 
3 white men take a break from their islamophobia to go full isis on a group of protestors in mpls . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! group raised suspicions before 5 were shot … 
minneapolis police say 5 shot near black lives matter protest : 
shooting at the mainstream media coverage : the view from the protest : 
minneapolis say 5 near protest scene 
five protesters were shot during protest in 
police say 5 shot near black lives matter protest ( abcnews ): 
shooting at black lives matter protest in minneapolis 




rt and on champs and finalists are all live on this am . … 
rt says ' g'day america!' and is on her way to 

one of only 4 northern white rhinos believed to be left in the world has died : 
endangered white rhino dies at san diego-area zoo - abc news ( via 
one of the rarest rhinos has died . 


rt new york mayor accuses chris christie of “ playing to the cheap seats ” on … 

