

virginia mayor uses japanese internment to defend refusing refugees 
mayor uses japanese internment to defend refusing via 





people around the world commemorate the lives lost in the 


people around the world commemorate the lives lost in the 

pres . obama mocks republicans on refugee stance : " they are scared of widows and orphans . " 

forget 8 hours of sleep — our ancestors used to sleep in “ chunks ” 
abc : forget 8 hours of sleep — our ancestors used to sleep in “ chunks ” 

prince william and duchess kate sign book of condolences for victims of " 

us intelligence analysts warned of enhanced isis capabilities to conduct paris-style attacks 
rt us intelligence analysts warned of enhanced isis capabilities to conduct paris-style attacks https :/ … 


minneapolis officers involved in fatal shooting of 24-year-old jamar clark have been id'd: 


watch : dad flips car and runs half-mile in rush to get to his kids in house fire . 
rt 🙏🏽' watch : dad flips car and runs half-mile in rush to get to his kids in house fire … 

rt police fired nearly 5,000 bullets in terror raid , prosecutor says - abc 
rt police fired nearly 5,000 bullets in saint-denis terror raid , prosecutor says : 


share their experiences about what it’s like to move to 
rt share their experiences about what it’s like to move to … 

jeb bush : us should allow syrian refugees who can prove they're christian 
abc : jeb bush : us should allow syrian refugees who can prove they're christian 
u prove ur un- hypocrite ! allow syrian refugees who prove christian " 



brother of suspect calls for him to give up as manhunt intensifies : 
rt abc : brother of suspect calls for him to give up as manhunt intensifies : 

france drops 16 new bombs on isis in raqqa ; airstrikes target training and command centers : " 
day 4 of france's strikes on isis reports : 
rt day 4 of france's strikes on isis . reports : 
day 4 of france's strikes on isis martharaddatz reports : 
rt france and russia , vowing revenge and taking action , cooperate with each other to target isis : … 

four passengers removed from spirit airlines flight because of “ suspicious activity ” 

death of 7-year-old girl missing at football game in kentucky ruled a homicide : 
1 town over from me ( 2/2 ) 



update : 7 arrested , 2 dead in continuing raids related to " 
abc : update : 7 arrested , 2 dead in continuing raids related to 


new : suspected mastermind behind not among those arrested in raid , paris prosector says . 
does anyone think looks like jk ? time to shave jimmy ? 
abc : new : suspected mastermind behind not among those arrested in raid , paris prosector … 
rt wntonight " rt abc : new : suspected mastermind behind not among those arrested in raid ,… " 
wntonight : rt abc : new : suspected mastermind behind not among those arrested in raid , pa … 



prince william and duchess kate sign book of condolences for victims of " 


france carries out 128 raids in emergency anti-terrorism crackdown after 

. corp media buries their fav jeb bush's remark " make them prove they're christian " 
. hey did you see this & choose to ignore it ? 
. jeb bush agrees with trump -refugees should have to prove theyre christian 
. jeb bush agrees with trump - refugees should have to prove they’re christian 
jeb bush wants a christian test for refugees , but fawning ignores it . 


" . is live with 40 hours of non-stop " 

on west : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
on donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
rt on donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? https :/ … 
cyberanonymous : abc : on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he te … 
on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u . s .… 

“ come back and insult me to my face ” : sen. cruz challenges pres . obama over syrian refugees 

states ' opposition to may impact settlement : 

people around the world commemorate the lives lost in the 



couple welcomes identical triplets - so rare it only happens in 1 in a million births . 
couple welcomes identical triplets - so rare it only happens in 1 in a million birth … 

2 iraqi refugees settled in ky turned out to be al qaeda-linked terrorists w/ us soldiers blood on their hands 

breaking - ( abc ) 5 suspects arrested in raids targeting paris mastermind - french officials 
watch : five suspects arrested in raids targeting paris mastermind 
update : 5 suspects arrested in raids targeting paris mastermind - french officials 
breaking : 5 suspects arrested in raids in paris . the latest on good morning columbia on air now 
now on 5 suspects arrested in raids targeting paris mastermind - french officials 
five suspects arrested in raids targeting paris mastermind video 
video : five suspects arrested in raids targeting paris mastermind 



grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love by sharing 100 love letters to late wife " 
grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love after sharing 100 love letters to late wife 
rt grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love by sharing 100 love letters to late wife : ht … 
grieving husband inspires strangers to spread after sharing 100 love letters to late wife - yahoo 
my jlc sister remembered grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love-100 love letters to late wife : 

obama plans to veto refugee screening bill , despite terrorists having entered u.s. under guise of being refugees . ➠ 
. vows to veto bill increasing screening for refugees 
rt why on earth ? obama vows to veto bill increasing screening for refugees 
is this a joke ? who is this asshole working for 
obama vows to veto bill requiring background check on refugees . well of course ! let's just bring in more sunni ... 
( dan ) an object lesson for anyone who won't unconditionally support the democratic candidate in 2016 : the prez ,... 
vows to veto increased screening bill of 
he's an idiot 
i am sorry from the state of illinois but you will get mad at me when i say you must impeach barack obama -- the ... 
despite the fact that known terrorists have entered the us under the guise of being refugees , despite a new ... 
now we cant even screen them ?? agenda ! 
obama vows to veto house bill for increased refugee screenings . is this decision smart or dangerous ? 
help us trump . 
rt vows to veto bill increasing screening for - abc news - via 
i spoke of how we don't really know who'd be entering in my bible video before all of this happened . and this ... 
rt breaking : obama plans to veto bill increasing screening for 
yep -- he wants what he wants ! 
impeach this piece of shit now 
i pray i eat crow and that nothing happens here in the us . i don't understand obama's agenda . 
at what point does usa realize he is against us , obama vows 2 veto bill increasing screening 4 refugees - via 
rt president obama has threatened to veto a bill that would intensify screenings of refugees … its … 
how can a potus vow to veto security measures to protect american lives ? who's the enemy ? via 
president obama has threatened to veto a bill that would intensify screenings of refugees … its like he helps terror 


love letter found on greece beach sparks search for refugee couple : 
rt abc : love letter found on greece beach sparks search for refugee couple : … 
“ love letter found on greece beach sparks search for refugee couple : ” 






happy birthday to 
rt abc7ny : rt abc : happy birthday to robinroberts ! 


8-year-old has sent 6,087 ( and counting ) handmade crosses to police officers across the us : … 


rt pres . obama mocks republicans on refugee stance : " they are scared of widows and orphans . " … 

russia's security service says the plane crash in egypt , was a ' terrorist act ' 

garrett talks entries and soft targets . 
former f.b.i agent , brad garrett , discusses the 5 arrests made in the latest french raids : 
former f.b.i agent discusses the 5 arrests made in the latest french raids : 
icymi : former fbi agent brad garrett talks raids targeting mastermind on 
former f.b.i agent , brad garrett , discusses the 5 arrests made in the latest french … 

rt photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 

rt watch : two-legged puppy is on the move , thanks to 3-d printed wheelchair : 


rt watch : donald trump tells he would ban syrian refugees from entering us … 
watch tonight interview this @ 10:00 on abc 
watch : interview this friday night at 10:00 on abc . don't miss it ! 
rt watch : tells he would ban syrian refugees from entering us https … 
rt watch : tells he would ban syrian refugees from entering us h … 



rt facing a fourth battle with cancer , 8-year-old finds the love of his life in a classmate : … 


after two catastrophic losses , nasa gearing up to try again with resupply missions to iss . 
mt nasa gearing up to try again with resupply missions 

“ come back and insult me to my face ” : sen. cruz challenges pres . obama over syrian refugees 
rt “ come back and insult me to my face ” : sen. cruz challenges pres . obama over syrian refugees https :/ … 


brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called . 
rt lockdown : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called : … 
and on gma : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has cal … 

also on west coast : turkey confirms they shot down a russian fighter jet near syria-turkey border . 
also on turkey confirms they shot down a russian fighter jet near syria-turkey border . 

rt individuals on fbi’s terrorist watchlist can legally purchase firearms . 
rt worried about refugees ? people on fbi’s terrorist watchlist can legally purchase firearms ! htt … 
thanks nra dicks “ individuals on fbi’s terror watchlist can legally purchase firearms . 
individuals on fbi’s terrorist watchlist can legally buy firearms . 





brother of suspect calls for him to give up as manhunt intensifies : 
brother of paris attacks suspect calls for him to give up as manhunt intensifies : 
abc : brother of suspect calls for him to give up as manhunt intensifies : 




canada to announce plan to resettle 25,000 refugees tuesday - abc news - via 
canada to announce plans to resettle 25,000 syrian refugees by dec . 31 : 
to announce plan to bring 25,000 on tuesday 
to announce plans to resettle 25,000 syrian by dec . 31 ( abcnews ): 
hurrah canada , which will take in next 5 weeks more syrian refugees than the uk will take in next 5 years . 
canada to announce plan to resettle 25,000 refugees tuesday .... there goes the neighborhood 
to announce plans to resettle 25,000 by dec . 31 : 

rt watch : special education teacher begins each day by complimenting students , one by one … 
rt watch : special education teacher begins each day by complimenting students , one by one … 
rt 😍 rt watch : special ed teacher begins each day by complimenting students , one by one https : … 

rt face transplant surgery gives 41-year-old former firefighter a new 26-year-old face : … 

forget 8 hours of sleep — our ancestors used to sleep in “ chunks ” 


u2 reschedules concert postponed due to and promises to " put on our best . " " 
u2 reschedules concert postponed due to & promises to " put on our best . " 
u2 reschedules paris concert postponed due to attacks 

france drops 16 new bombs on isis in raqqa ; airstrikes target training and command centers 

rocky retail climate will make for “ happy holidays ” for consumers : 
this year's retail climate will make for a “ merry christmas ” for consumers : 

minneapolis police say 5 shot near protest scene 
minneapolis police say 5 shot near black lives matter protest : 
shooting at the mainstream media coverage : the view from the protest : 
minneapolis say 5 near protest scene 
five protesters were shot during protest in 
minneapolis police say several shot near protest scene 
headline breaking news minneapolis police say 5 shot near protest scene - abc news - via 
3 white men take a break from their islamophobia to go full isis on a group of protestors in mpls . 
police say 5 shot near black lives matter protest ( abcnews ): 
shooting at black lives matter protest in minneapolis 

" two-legged puppy is on the move , thanks to 3-d printed wheelchair : " 


france , still reeling from isis attacks , commits to accepting 30 thousand refugees 

couple welcomes identical triplets - so rare it only happens in 1 in a million births . 
couple welcomes identical triplets - it only happens in 1 in a million births . via 



death of 7-year-old girl missing at football game in kentucky ruled a homicide : 

new england patriots ' nate solder announces infant son has kidney cancer : 

french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out first airstrikes against isis targets in iraq . 
rt developing : french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out airstrikes against targets in … 
developing : french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out airstrikes against targets in - abc 
french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out first airstrikes against isis targets in → " iraq " ← 

rt isis threatens us , claiming that it will carry out attack in dc . “ their agenda is to kill . ” … 
" isis threatens us , carry out attack in dc . “ their agenda is to kill . ” " i live here ! 


couple welcomes identical triplets - so rare it only happens in 1 in a million births . … 





minneapolis officers involved in fatal shooting of 24-year-old jamar clark have been id'd: 


husband of pregnant woman who was mysteriously murdered speaks out about the heinous crime . 


vladimir putin calls turkish attack on russian fighter plane a " stab in the back . " 


four passengers removed from spirit airlines flight because of “ suspicious activity ” 

8-year-old has sent 6,087 ( and counting ) handmade crosses to police officers across the us : 
rt 8-year-old has sent 6,087 handmade crosses to police officers across the us : … 
8-year-old has sent 6,087 handmade crosses to police officers across the us : via 



new : charlie sheen reveals he is hiv positive : " it's a turning point in one's life . " 


woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination of jfk : 
woman seeks return of film showing jfk assassination 
wsoctv : rt abc : woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 ass … 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination of jf … 
abc : woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination … 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination … 



rt watch : uss harry truman aircraft carrier departs norfolk , virginia as part of a 7 month operation to fight isis . … 
watch : uss harry truman aircraft carrier departs norfolk , virginia as part of 7 month operation to fight isis . 
abc : watch : uss harry truman aircraft carrier departs norfolk , virginia as part of 7 month operation to fight isis . 


rt don't miss tonight at 8pm on watch it here : 
rt 1d performed on this morning ! watch their performance here : … 
rt link to watch rudy and diego they go on at 8p et / 5pm pt . will be on too ! thx 
rt watch : & on 8pm https : … 
rt happy 40th anniversary watch & diego of thanks … 
rt everyone make sure to tune in ! should be a good interview , haha . | 
rt stars of and glasses . … 
rt diego joins on 
rt just 6 more hours . watch here : 
rt retweet if you’re ready for tweet with and 
rt who's watching ? 
rt you and me ... 
rt huge thank you to another amazing experience . … 
rt " i try to use music everyday to inspire people , " - on 
rt watch : performs ' drag me down . ' 
rt don't miss & tonight @ 8pm on cc https … 
rt tune in to see me now for the next hour ! broadcasting bts of 
rt times square all lit up for ( special 40 hours of live programming here , too ! … 
rt watch : performs ' perfect ' on full video : 
rt still ahead on their performance can be watched here : … 
rt 🎶 baby don’t you know , we can live forever ! 🎶 
rt no , you're perfect , watch live : 
rt here we go live 
rt but , glasses though ... 
rt one hour !!!!!! watch here : 
rt 11 hours until watch here : 


rt john kerry says us seeking new military , counterterrorism , diplomatic ideas to destroy isis . https :/ … 
john kerry says us seeks new military , counterterrorism and diplomatic ideas to destroy isis 
us trying to speed up efforts to defeat isis , john kerry says 
rt john kerry says us seeks new military , counterterrorism and diplomatic ideas to destroy isis https :/ … 
us trying to speed up efforts to defeat islamic state 
rt john kerry says us seeking new military , counterterrorism , diplomatic ideas to destroy isis . … 

police release photos of suspect in pregnant woman's death 
husband of pregnant woman who was mysteriously murdered speaks out about the heinous crime . 
" there were over 6500 people tuned in across the world , " to funeral , says to 


french , english soccer teams delivered moving display of solidarity at wembley stadium 
and soccer teams unite in defiance and respect 
" france , england soccer teams unite in defiance , respect " 
france , england fans gather ahead of soccer match at wembley - 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! france , england soccer teams unite in defi … 
france , england soccer teams unite … roh3 smantibatam 
france , england soccer teams unite in … roh3 smantibatam 

with paris attacks dominating the news , ben carson searches for his foreign policy footing 
with paris attacks dominating the news , ben carson searches for his foreign policy f … 

watch as a reported tornado tears through kansas - just one of the 38 reported tornadoes yesterday . 

after being denied entry in indiana , family of finds a home 





bobby jindal drops out of presidential race : " this is not my time . " 

immigrants share their experiences about what it’s like to move to america : 


rt 9-year-old boston bombing victim has a message for parisians : “ stop hurting others . peace . ” … 
boston bombing victim has a message 4 parisians : " stop hurting others . peace ” h/t 


rt more : pres . obama vows to veto bill increasing screening for refugees - 
fuck you obama ! obama vows to veto bill incrscreening for refugees - 
more : pres . obama vows to veto bill increasing screening for refugees -abcpolitics 

rt photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 
rt abc : photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 

handgun discovered near home of pastor’s slain wife : 




united airlines quietly drops $50 “ hardship fee , ” just in time for the holidays : 

french airstrikes target isis command and training centers in raqqa , syria : 
“ french airstrikes target isis command and training centers in raqqa , syria : ” 

rt photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 
muslims around the world show support for the victims of terrorism . 
rt “ islam is not terrorism . ” muslims around world unite against terrorism after … 
i note these people are saying it in a safe european country . haven't seen anything similar from muslim countries . 
photos : not in our name : muslims unite against terrorism 
photos : not in our name : muslims unite … roh3 smantibatam 
photos : not in our name : … roh3 smantibatam 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! photos : not in our name : muslims unite a … 
rt “ islam is not terrorism . ” muslims around world unite against terrorism after https://… 
rt abc : photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 
did the photographer ask everybody to squeeze in ? ... [ a few ] muslims unite against terrorism 
this needs to be retweeted 

intoxicated passenger tried to open exit door on boston-bound flight , state police say 
😲 " intoxicated passenger tried to open exit door on boston-bound flight , police say " 

individuals on fbi’s terrorist watchlist can legally purchase firearms . 

as manhunt intensifies for suspect , authorities warn he may be heavily armed : … 
rt abc : as manhunt intensifies for suspect , authorities warn he may be heavily armed : … 


( convict in 3 sex crimes freed by dna tied to fugitive rapist ( 
convict in 3 sex crimes freed by dna tied to fugitive rapist - abc news ( via 
convict in 3 sex crimes freed by dna tied to fugitive rapist after 16 years in prison : 
convict in 3 sex crimes freed by dna tied to fugitive rapist : man convicted of 3 sex as ... 
man convicted of 3 sex assaults cleared by los angeles judge after dna points to serial … 
man convicted of 3 sex assaults cleared by los angeles judge after dna points to serial rapist 

" charlie sheen reveals he is hiv positive : " it's a turning point in one's life . " " 

eiffel tower to reopen at 6pm local time after workers concerned about safety walked out - 
rt nightline : eiffel tower to reopen at 6pm local time after workers concerned about safety walked out 




isis claims bomb hidden in soda can took down russian plane : - 



rt leonid meteor shower starts at midnight tonight with meteors traveling at 44 miles a second : … 

jilted bride wears wedding gown in 5k run : “ now this dress is about friendship and support . ” 
jilted bride wears wedding gown in 5k run : “ now this dress is about friendship and s … 

death of 7-year-old girl missing at football game in kentucky ruled a homicide : 
abc : death of 7-year-old girl missing at football game in kentucky ruled a homicide : 

after being denied entry in indiana , family of finds a home in connecticut : 
rt after being denied entry in indiana , family of finds a home in connecticut : https://… 






facebook activates “ safety check ” following yola , nigeria bombing : 
“ facebook activates “ safety check ” following yola , nigeria bombing : ” 
rt rt facebook activates “ safety check ” following yola , nigeria bombing 




one of only 4 northern white rhinos believed to be left in the world has died : 
one of the rarest rhinos has died . 

rt video shows french fighter jets bombing isis targets in syria in multiple airstrikes . … 

eagles of death metal returns home after " we are horrified . " 
“ eagles of death metal returns home after " we are horrified . " ” 
rt eagles of death metal returns home after " we are horrified . " 

rt watch : special education teacher begins each day by complimenting students , one by one … 

love letter found on greece beach sparks search for refugee couple : 
rt nightline : love letter found on greece beach sparks search for refugee couple : … 

rt russia launches airstrikes on isis targets in syria after confirming metrojet plane crash was ‘ terrorist ' bombing . … 


not long ago , the white house was criticized for not admitting enough syrian refugees 

new york mayor accuses chris christie of “ playing to the cheap seats ” on 

nj mall has change of heart and drops fee to sit on santa's lap after outcry : 
abc : nj mall has change of heart and drops fee to sit on santa's lap after outcry : 

