pres . obama awards medal of freedom to barbra streisand . 






pres . obama awards medal of freedom to james taylor . 


obama gets some things right ! -- 

-- from our news family to yours ! 
-- from our abc news family to yours ! 







air pollution in beijing hits hazardous levels : 
air pollution in beijing hits hazardous levels : beijing hit with severe air po ... 
[ ♥ ♥ ] air pollution in beijing hits hazardous levels : beijing hit with s ... [ ♥ ♥ ] 
beijing hit with severe air pollution that's expected to linger for days 
tech news tip : 


hurricane sandra strengthens to a powerful category 4 storm in the eastern pacific 
hurricane sandra weakens slightly to category 3 storm 
hurricane sandra still powerful category 3 storm 
hurricane sandra strengthens to a category 4 storm 

rt people around the world commemorate the lives lost in the 

alert : news special report : pres . obama delivers statement at white house . 
rt . news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference : … 
rt pres . obama on " this was an attack on our free and open societies . " … 
rt president obama presents medal of freedom to emilio and gloria estefan . 
rt wntonight : rt abcpolitics : president obama presents medal of freedom to willie mays … 
watch live : pres . obama awards presidential medal of freedom : 
live news stream | abc live streaming video - abc news see more 
alert : abc news special report : pres . obama delivers statement at white house . 
you can catch the livestream of addressing national security in light of recent here : 


rt people around the world commemorate the lives lost in the 

rt pres . obama mocks republicans on refugee stance : " they are scared of widows and orphans . " … 


pres . obama : " we are taking every possible step to keep our homeland safe . " 

man survives getting trapped by 158-foo t-t all smokestack as explosives fail to bring it down 
man survives getting trapped by 158-foottall smokestack as explosives fail to bring it down " 
rt man survives getting trapped by 158-foo t-t all smokestack as explosives fail to bring it down … 
caught on camera : excavator driver survives 158 foot smokestack collapse 
demolition worker lucky to be alive after a smokestack collapses on his excavator . 

( mississippi man accused of attacking parents over fast food ( 
mississippi man accused of attacking parents over fast food - abc news - via 
man accused of attacking his parents because they ordered fast food , didn't get any for him : 
man accused of attacking his parents because they ordered fast food , didn't get any for h … 
mississippi man accused of killing his father and stabbing his mother over fast food . 
mississippi man accused of attacking parents over fast food via 
authorities say man attacked parents after they ordered fast food but didn't get any for him 


rt 8-year-old has sent 6,087 ( and counting ) handmade crosses to police officers across the us : … 

rt al qaeda-linked terrorists once used the refugee program to settle in the us : - … 
rt al qaeda-linked terrorists once used the refugee program to settle in the us : - https … 

poland will not extradite roman polanski to the u.s. in an almost 40-year-old case : 
poland will not extradite roman polanski to the us 
poland will not extradite roman polanski to the us : poland will not extradite roman polanski to the us after p ... 
poland will not extradite roman polanski to the us - news 
why ? because they can : will not extradite to the - news 



coming up : news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at approx . 11:30 am et 
listen live : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold a joint news conference 
wntonight : rt abc : coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at … 
cyberanonymous : abc : coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference a … 
coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at approx . 11:30 … 
coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at approx . 11:30 … 
coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference at approx . 11:30 am et 
rt wntonight " rt abc : coming up : abc news special report : pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold news conference … " 


rt leonid meteor shower starts at midnight tonight with meteors traveling at 44 miles a second : … 




rt police fired nearly 5,000 bullets in terror raid , prosecutor says - abc 
rt police fired nearly 5,000 bullets in saint-denis terror raid , prosecutor says : 


pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian fighter jet . 
rt pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian fighter jet . https : … 
pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian fighter j … 
wsoctv : rt abc : pres . obama says " we're still getting the details of what happened " after turkey shot down russian … 


white house fence jumper left suicide note , documents say 
white house fence jumper left suicide note , documents say - abc news 
white house fence jumper left suicide note , documents say : a man accused of jump ... 
rt man who jumped fence outside white house left suicide note , court documents show : 
rt will usa ever reopen state hospitals ? white house fence jumper left suicide note , - via 
white house fence jumper left suicide note , documents say : he was ordered to undergo a ... 
“ man who jumped fence outside white house left suicide note , court documents show : ” 
man charged after thanksgiving lockdown at white house 
if only the govt reacted as swiftly with boarder jumpers . 

ex-inmate , beaten in 2012 by nyc jail guards , fatally shot 
former inmate , badly beaten by new york city jail guards in 2012 , fatally shot in brooklyn 
ex-inmate , beaten in 2012 by nyc jail … roh3 smantibatam 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ex-inmate , beaten in 2012 by nyc jail guar … 


rt immigrants share their experiences about what it’s like to move to america : 



rt watch : tells he would ban syrian refugees from entering us h … 
rt watch : donald trump tells he would ban syrian refugees from entering us … 
watch tonight interview this @ 10:00 on abc 
watch : interview this friday night at 10:00 on abc . don't miss it ! 









rt jeb bush : us should allow syrian refugees who can prove they're christian 



" how black friday played out around the country " 
( the latest : black friday ( 
a look at how played out across the country 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! how black friday played out around the cou … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! the latest : black friday around the country 
the latest : black friday around the country : the latest : holiday shopping season gets started on thanksg ... 
the latest : black friday : the latest : holiday shopping season gets started on thanksgiving , continu ... 
news the latest : black friday 
the latest : holiday shopping season gets started on thanksgiving , continues on black friday 


rt new : suspected mastermind behind not among those arrested in raid , paris prosector says . … 



rt prince william and duchess kate sign book of condolences for victims of … 

president obama : ' we cannot and we will not succumb to fear . ' 
president obama : ‘ we cannot and we will not succumb to fear . ’ 


pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defend our nation . " 
pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defend our n … 
abc7 : rt abc : pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defe … 
pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do ever … 
pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ... to defend our na … 
brookingsfp : rt abc : pres . obama after " i want you to know that we will continue to do everything ...… 


coming up : news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11:40 am et . 
brookingsfp : rt nightline : coming up : abc news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11 : … 
will speak in 5 minutes news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11:40 am et . 
rt abc : coming up : abc news special report . president obama to deliver stateme … 
coming up : abc news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11:40 am et . 
cyberanonymous : abc : coming up : abc news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . 11:40 am e … 
coming up : abc news special report . president obama to deliver statement at approx . … 

happy - from all of us at news ! 
happy – from all of us at news ! 
happy - from all of us at abc news ! 

rt france carries out 128 raids in emergency anti-terrorism crackdown after … 


. corp media buries their fav jeb bush's remark " make them prove they're christian " 
. hey did you see this & choose to ignore it ? 
. jeb bush agrees with trump -refugees should have to prove theyre christian 
. jeb bush agrees with trump - refugees should have to prove they’re christian 
jeb bush wants a christian test for refugees , but fawning ignores it . 



rt photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 

rt “ come back and insult me to my face ” : sen. cruz challenges pres . obama over syrian refugees … 





rt 8-year-old has sent 6,087 ( and counting ) handmade crosses to police officers across the us : … 






grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love by sharing 100 love letters to late wife " 
now this is inspiring !! 
grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love after sharing 100 love letters to late wife 
amazing story of love . 
rt grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love by sharing 100 love letters to late wife : https :/ … 
rt grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love by sharing 100 love letters to late wife : ht … 
grieving husband inspires strangers to spread after sharing 100 love letters to late wife - yahoo 
my jlc sister remembered grieving husband inspires strangers to spread love-100 love letters to late wife : 

obama plans to veto refugee screening bill , despite terrorists having entered u.s. under guise of being refugees . ➠ 
. vows to veto bill increasing screening for refugees 
rt why on earth ? obama vows to veto bill increasing screening for refugees 
is this a joke ? who is this asshole working for 
obama vows to veto bill requiring background check on refugees . well of course ! let's just bring in more sunni ... 
( dan ) an object lesson for anyone who won't unconditionally support the democratic candidate in 2016 : the prez ,... 
vows to veto increased screening bill of 
he's an idiot 
i am sorry from the state of illinois but you will get mad at me when i say you must impeach barack obama -- the ... 
despite the fact that known terrorists have entered the us under the guise of being refugees , despite a new ... 
now we cant even screen them ?? agenda ! 
obama vows to veto house bill for increased refugee screenings . is this decision smart or dangerous ? 
help us trump . 
rt vows to veto bill increasing screening for - abc news - via 
i spoke of how we don't really know who'd be entering in my bible video before all of this happened . and this ... 
rt breaking : obama plans to veto bill increasing screening for 
yep -- he wants what he wants ! 
impeach this piece of shit now 
i pray i eat crow and that nothing happens here in the us . i don't understand obama's agenda . 
at what point does usa realize he is against us , obama vows 2 veto bill increasing screening 4 refugees - via 
rt president obama has threatened to veto a bill that would intensify screenings of refugees … its … 
how can a potus vow to veto security measures to protect american lives ? who's the enemy ? via 



from all of us at news​ - happy 
from all of us at abc news​ - happy 
from all of us at news​ – happy 


rt latest : raid thwarted terrorist group preparing for a new attack , official says : … 



pres . obama : " we cannot and we will not succumb to fear ... americans will not be terrorized . " 
pres . obama : " we cannot and we will not succumb to fear ... americans will not be terr … 




pres . obama awards medal of freedom to legendary filmmaker steven spielberg . " 
' pres . obama awards medal of freedom to legendary filmmaker steven spielb … see more 

" we know of no specific and credible intelligence indicating a plot on the homeland . " 

happy birthday to 
rt abc7ny : rt abc : happy birthday to robinroberts ! 





rt pres . obama mocks republicans on refugee stance : " they are scared of widows and orphans . " … 


rt just in : russia's security service says the plane crash in egypt , was a ' terrorist act ' … 

garrett talks entries and soft targets . 

rt as manhunt intensifies for suspect , authorities warn he may be heavily armed : … 

pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it together . " 
pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it … 
abc : pres . obama on isis : " it cannot be tolerated . it must be destroyed and we will do it togeth … 

on donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
on west : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
cyberanonymous : abc : on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he te … 
on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u.s. is he telling the truth ? 
on gma : donald trump says he heard from ' hundreds ' who saw 9/11 celebrations in u . s .… 

rt watch : two-legged puppy is on the move , thanks to 3-d printed wheelchair : 





watch : us-led coalition airstrike destroys isis bridge near ramadi , iraq . 
coalition airstrike destroys da'ish bridge near ramadi , 
coalition airstrike destroys bridge near ramadi , 

rt facing a fourth battle with cancer , 8-year-old finds the love of his life in a classmate : … 

rt also on turkey confirms they shot down a russian fighter jet near syria-turkey border . 
also on west coast : turkey confirms they shot down a russian fighter jet near syria-turkey border . 



rt “ come back and insult me to my face ” : sen. cruz challenges pres . obama over syrian refugees … 



brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called . 
and on west coast : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called . 
rt lockdown : brussels remains on lockdown as friends of isis fugitive says he has called : … 

rt individuals on fbi’s terrorist watchlist can legally purchase firearms . 



farm recalls produce used in costco salad linked to 
feds : california farm recalls produce used in costco chicken salad linked to e . coli outbreak 
farm produce used in linked to e . coli . 
recalls produce used in costco salad linked to e . coli - abc news 




pope honors ugandan christian martyrs as example of faith | 
pope as example of faith 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! pope honors ugandan christian martyrs as e … 





rt photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 
rt abc : photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 


canada to announce plans to resettle 25,000 syrian refugees by dec . 31 : 
to announce plan to bring 25,000 on tuesday 
canada to announce plan to resettle 25,000 refugees tuesday - abc news - via 
to announce plans to resettle 25,000 syrian by dec . 31 ( abcnews ): 
hurrah canada , which will take in next 5 weeks more syrian refugees than the uk will take in next 5 years . 
canada to announce plan to resettle 25,000 refugees tuesday .... there goes the neighborhood 
to announce plans to resettle 25,000 by dec . 31 : 


rt watch : special education teacher begins each day by complimenting students , one by one … 
rt watch : special education teacher begins each day by complimenting students , one by one … 

on protests erupt in chicago after video released of laquan mcdonald being shot by police ... 
on gma : protests erupt in chicago after video released of laquan mcdonald being shot by police ... 
cyberanonymous : abc : on gma : protests erupt in chicago after video released of laquan mcdonald being shot by polic … 
on gma : protests erupt in chicago after video released of laquan mcdonald being shot … 



rt face transplant surgery gives 41-year-old former firefighter a new 26-year-old face : … 

- from our news family to yours ! 

passengers who fled plane fire file lawsuit ( 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! british airways passengers who fled plane … 
british airways passengers who fled plane … roh3 smantibatam 
british airways passengers who fled … roh3 smantibatam 


rt forget 8 hours of sleep — our ancestors used to sleep in “ chunks ” 

rt forget 8 hours of sleep — our ancestors used to sleep in “ chunks ” 



rt prince william and duchess kate sign book of condolences for victims of … 

family member of yogi berra accepts medal of freedom awarded to the baseball legend posthumously 
cyberanonymous : abc : family member of yogi berra accepts medal of freedom awarded to the baseball legend posthumou … 

pres . obama awards medal of freedom to baseball legend willie howard mays , jr. 

u2 reschedules concert postponed due to and promises to " put on our best . " " 
u2 reschedules concert postponed due to & promises to " put on our best . " 
u2 reschedules paris concert postponed due to attacks 


rt rocky retail climate will make for “ happy holidays ” for consumers : 

rt french , english soccer teams delivered moving display of solidarity at wembley stadium … 

rt video shows french fighter jets bombing isis targets in syria in multiple airstrikes . … 

rt couple welcomes identical triplets - so rare it only happens in 1 in a million births . … 



rt two-legged puppy is on the move , thanks to 3-d printed wheelchair : 

french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intelligence sharing . 
abc7 : rt abc : french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intell … 
french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & s … 
abc : french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intelligence sh … 
french pres . hollande says he & pres . obama will scale up strikes in syria , iraq & strengthen intelligence s … 


man convicted of 3 sex assaults cleared by los angeles judge after dna points to serial rapist 
convict in 3 sex crimes freed by dna tied to fugitive rapist 
convict in 3 sex crimes freed by dna tied to fugitive rapist - abc news ( via 
man convicted of 3 sex assaults cleared by los angeles judge after dna points to serial … 






rt 9-year-old boston bombing victim has a message for parisians : “ stop hurting others . peace . ” … 
boston bombing victim has a message 4 parisians : " stop hurting others . peace ” h/t 

rt death of 7-year-old girl missing at football game in kentucky ruled a homicide : 


french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out first airstrikes against isis targets in iraq . 
rt developing : french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out airstrikes against targets in … 
developing : french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out airstrikes against targets in - abc 
french army deploys aircraft carrier that carried out first airstrikes against isis targets in → " iraq " ← 



enjoy every minute of your life - here's how . 
pure joy : take a moment and watch this 101-year-old woman playing in the snow : 
rt ❄️joy : take a moment to watch this 101-year-old woman playing in the snow : … 
101-year-old woman playing in the snow is absolutely 
my 90 year old grandma would approve ! 
happy thanksgiving . be grateful and experience joy ! 
god bless mom ! 


rt immigrants share their experiences about what it’s like to move to america : 






rt brother of suspect calls for him to give up as manhunt intensifies : 

mother who left newborn baby in nativity manger at new york city church won't be prosecuted 
search for mother after baby left in nativity manger 
mother who left baby in nyc church nativity manger won't be charged : 
mother who left baby in nyc nativity manger won't be charged 
rt mother who left baby in nyc nativity manger won't be charged | … 
woman who left baby in a manger at a church in queens will not face charges . find out why : 
mother who left baby in nyc church nativity manger won’t be charged : … 
got to give her points for poetics but what the hell ... 
they found a baby lying in the manger but this is not the story you know . 


minneapolis officers involved in fatal shooting of 24-year-old jamar clark have been id'd: 



pres . obama : " we know of no specific and credible intelligence indicating a plot on the homeland . " 
obama : " no credible intelligence indicating a plot on the homeland . " in other words " mind your own business 

rt couple welcomes identical triplets - so rare it only happens in 1 in a million births . … 












rt watch : uss harry truman aircraft carrier departs norfolk , virginia as part of a 7 month operation to fight isis . … 
rt watch : uss harry truman aircraft carrier departs norfolk , virginia as part of 7 month operation to fight isis . … 

rt not long ago , the white house was criticized for not admitting enough syrian refugees … 

first grader's thanksgiving project results in 500 care packages and cards for troops : 
first grader's thanksgiving project results in 500 cards , care packages for troops 
sometimes it just takes a little encouragement to do something really big . deklan wanted to thank the troops on ... 
awesome ! 




pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and those who sent them . " 
rt wntonight " rt abc : pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and th … " 
wntonight : rt abc : pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and those … 
b oh shut up . if you hadnt got all caught up in their business in the first place we wouldnt be burying the dead ! 
pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and those who sent the … 
wsoctv : rt abc : pres . obama : " the us and france stand united ... to deliver justice to these terrorists and those wh … 





rt we're about to go live from the twit brick house with good morning america to celebrate 40 years of great tv .... … 
rt everyone make sure to tune in ! should be a good interview , haha . | 
rt 1d performed on this morning ! watch their performance here : … 
rt huge thank you to another amazing experience . … 
rt don't miss tonight at 8pm on watch it here : 
rt no , you're perfect , watch live : 
rt you and me ... 
rt who's watching ? 
rt retweet if you’re ready for tweet with and 
rt just 6 more hours . watch here : 
rt " i try to use music everyday to inspire people , " - on 
rt diego joins on 
rt . cast talks about mockingjay – part 2 on watch live : 
rt still ahead on their performance can be watched here : … 
rt link to watch rudy and diego they go on at 8p et / 5pm pt . will be on too ! thx 
rt happy 40th anniversary watch & diego of thanks … 
rt watch : & on 8pm https : … 
rt about to go live on 40th anniversary ! tune in now ! 
rt wishing a happy 40th anniversary ! watch my intv live at 5pm pt / 8pm et … 
rt about to go live for 40th anniversary ! catch me now at 
rt about to go live with and for right now . check it out at 




police release photos of suspect in pregnant woman's death - abc news - via 


rt young boston bombing victim has message for world after “ stop hurting others ” … 

sues for jfk assassination film 
texas woman seeks return of film shot by grandfather that shows portion of jfk assassination 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination of jfk : 
woman seeks return of film showing jfk assassination 
wsoctv : rt abc : woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 ass … 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination of jf … 
abc : woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination … 
woman suing federal agency to force return of film shot by grandfather that shows part of 1963 assassination … 

rt french , english soccer teams delivered moving display of solidarity at wembley stadium … 



rt with paris attacks dominating the news , ben carson searches for his foreign policy footing … 



rt love letter found on greece beach sparks search for refugee couple : 


rt watch : 4-year-old with leukemia who “ married ” her nurse finally gets her first dance . … 




alert : news special report : president obama delivers remarks on homeland security : 
we're live streaming our trip from to 
watching take on travel challenge : 
it's the map vs app vs nav travel challenge on follow + live @ 
. pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold joint news conference at the white house . live stream here : 
obama : " france is our oldest ally , you helped us win independence ... we owe our freedom to each other . " 
obama : isis must be destroyed and we must do it together . 
alert : news special report : pres . obama , pres . hollande hold joint news conference : 
obama speaking now with the french president 
obama and french president going live from the white house any second : 
rt . is giving you a live peek inside the rehearsals ! take a look now : … 
rt tune in tomorrow 1230pm eastern for thanksgiving strait talk chat : me and food , … 
tune in tomorrow 1230pm eastern for thanksgiving strait talk chat : me and food , family , football 


two baby red pandas make their debut at the prospect park zoo in ny . 
rt two baby red pandas make their debut at the prospect park zoo in new york . 
baby red pandas debut at new york zoo 
2 baby red pandas make debut at new york zoo 





rt more : pres . obama vows to veto bill increasing screening for refugees - 


rt handgun discovered near home of pastor’s slain wife : 



rt watch as a reported tornado tears through kansas - just one of the 38 reported tornadoes yesterday . more on … 

also on more on the downed russian fighter jet as the second pilot is reportedly ' alive and well . ' 
also on gma : more on the downed russian fighter jet as the second pilot is reportedly ' alive and well . ' 
cyberanonymous : abc : also on gma : more on the downed russian fighter jet as the second pilot is reportedly ' alive … 
also on gma : more on the downed russian fighter jet as the second pilot is reportedl … 

rt why does tsa always punish travelers who did nothing after a tsa screw-up with longer waits at s … 
passes airport security with stolen boarding pass 
why does tsa always punish travelers who did nothing after a tsa screw-up with longer waits at screening lines ? 
man passed through airport security with stolen boarding pass before being caught , jail records show : 


john kerry says us seeks new military , counterterrorism and diplomatic ideas to destroy isis 
us trying to speed up efforts to defeat isis , john kerry says 
rt john kerry says us seeking new military , counterterrorism , diplomatic ideas to destroy isis . … 
rt john kerry says us seeking new military , counterterrorism , diplomatic ideas to destroy isis . https :/ … 
rt john kerry says us seeks new military , counterterrorism and diplomatic ideas to destroy isis https :/ … 
us trying to speed up efforts to defeat islamic state 

rt united airlines quietly drops $50 “ hardship fee , ” just in time for the holidays : 


rt french airstrikes target isis command and training centers in raqqa , syria : 

giant pandas play in the snow photos | image - abc news 
rt giant panda plays in the snow at the beijing zoo : 
giant play in the 



individuals on fbi’s terrorist watchlist can legally purchase firearms . 

chicago police : gang members lured boy from playground , shot him in the head : 
street gang in chicago recently hunted and killed a nine year old kid .. 
“ chicago police : gang members lured boy from playground , shot him in the head : ” 
people who say we don't have a gun problem , what now ? 
police : gang members targeted 9-year-old boy shot in alley - prosecutors : chicago gang member charged in boy's ... 
police : gang members targeted 9-year-old boy shot in alley - abc news 
our children are sandwiched between a rock and a hard place : chicago police : gang members lured boy from ... 




pres . obama says the us has so far conducted 8,000 airstrikes on isis strongholds and equipment . 

frank gifford's family says nfl legend suffered from cte , linked to traumatic brain injury : 
frank gifford's family says cte found in late hall of famer's brain after death 
frank gifford's family says cte found in his brain 
hoping for changes to all contact sports to protect the players as we learn more [ frank gifford's - abc news 
frank gifford's family says nfllegend suffered from cte , linked to traumatic brain injury " 


single mom pizza delivery driver gets shocking $ 1,400 tip from church [ 
single mom gets shocking $ 1,400 tip on pizza delivery run 
want a good cry this thanksgiving then look no further than ( literally ) rocky top , tn ! today is not about the ... 
single mom receives $ 1,400 tip from church on pizza delivery run : " i couldn't help but cry . " 
audrey martin , a mom to three children under the age of five , is a ... 
it’s always a good time to be a blessing to someone- 
beautiful ! as we approach thanksgiving - lets be thankful and giving to others in whatever ways we can . god bless 
rt single mom receives $ 1,400 tip from church on pizza delivery run : " i couldn't help but cry . " https :/ … 
nice to see those who need ... receive✊🙏 



rt eiffel tower to reopen at 6pm local time after workers concerned about safety walked out - … 

pres . obama before pardoning turkeys ahead of " america is after all a country of second chances . " 
top story : ' pres . obama before pardoning turkeys ahead of … see more 



rt after two catastrophic losses , nasa gearing up to try again with resupply missions to iss . … 


isis claims bomb hidden in soda can took down russian plane : 

rt 7-year-old boy donates all the money in his piggy bank to a vandalized mosque 


rt leonid meteor shower starts at midnight tonight with meteors traveling at 44 miles a second : … 

rt photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 
muslims around the world show support for the victims of terrorism . 
rt “ islam is not terrorism . ” muslims around world unite against terrorism after … 
i note these people are saying it in a safe european country . haven't seen anything similar from muslim countries . 
photos : not in our name : muslims unite against terrorism 
photos : not in our name : muslims unite … roh3 smantibatam 
photos : not in our name : … roh3 smantibatam 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! photos : not in our name : muslims unite a … 
rt “ islam is not terrorism . ” muslims around world unite against terrorism after https://… 
rt abc : photos : muslims around the world unite against terrorism , condemn 
did the photographer ask everybody to squeeze in ? ... [ a few ] muslims unite against terrorism 
this needs to be retweeted 

rt jilted bride wears wedding gown in 5k run : “ now this dress is about friendship and support . ” … 


rt after being denied entry in indiana , family of finds a home in connecticut : … 


$160b deal to combine pfizer & allergan and make world's biggest drug company raises outcry 
allergan sparks backlash from lawmakers . abc world news ( 11/23 , story 7 , 0:25 , muir ) reported on the ... 
with globalization what is a us business ? world governments may have to adjust to new reality . see via 
$160b deal to combine pfizer & allergan & make world's biggest drug company raises outcry : " 
$160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry - abc news 
$160b deal to combine and allergan raises outcry . via 
don't blame them — our u.s. tax system is clearly broken -> $160b deal to combine and raises outcry 
agrees to buy allergan in order to dodge paying via abc 
$160b deal to combine pfizer and allergan raises outcry : $160b deal to combine ... 





rt france drops 16 new bombs on isis in raqqa ; airstrikes target training and command centers : https : … 
“ day 4 of france's strikes on isis . reports : ” 
rt day 4 of france's strikes on isis . reports : 




rt obama speaking live about paris attacks 
watch live : pres . obama to pardon turkeys ahead of 
pres . obama about to speak on homeland security - watch online : or on 
rt really cool place for townhall in carroll , ia this am . watch it here : http … 
watch live : president obama and french president hollande hold joint press conference . 
watch the obama/hollande press conference live : 
. " streaming pbo & french pres . hollande hold news conference " 
streaming on pres . obama , french pres . hollande hold joint news conference 
rt marco's in carroll iowa this morning - watch live here now : 
live streaming of campaign rallies etc . at in now 

more : pres . obama says if there ever is a credible threat to the homeland , the public will be informed . 
it's hard to know what to do with this info ; this is what paris thought on nov 12 
top story : abc news on twitter : " pres . obama : " we know of no specific and credi … see more 
“ more : pres . obama says if there ever is a credible threat to the homeland , the public will be informed . ” 
more : pres . obama says if there ever is a credible threat to the homeland , the public will be informed . … 
the true solution to keeping usa safe ... deport osama bin barack to his country of origin 
abc : more : pres . obama says if there ever is a credible threat to the homeland , the public will be informed . 
president obama delivers statement on national security . 
abc4utah : president obama delivers statement on national security . 
rt wntonight " more : pres . obama says if there ever is a credible threat to the homeland , the public will be inform … " 
i'm guessing we're on high alert today now . 
mmm ... yeah , i'm going to call bs on that one potus is a liar 
does that mean all the threats have been ' contained' ? 
my people aren't safe in this country , so wyd 
this is the same guy that says the iran deal isn't valid because they didn't sign it . 

oregon school cancels dance over dirty dancing concerns -- what do you think ? should they cancel or continue ? 
oregon school cancels dance over dirty dancing concerns - abc news 
high school cancels upcoming winter dance because of concerns about dirty dancing : 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! oregon school cancels dance over dirty dan … 







rt and on champs and finalists are all live on this am . … 
rt says ' g'day america!' and is on her way to 
and on gma : dancingabc champs bindiirwin , derekhough and finalists are all live on gma this am . 

watch : pardons abe the turkey 
pres . obama pardons " abe " ahead of 
rt watch : pres . obama pardons abe the turkey ahead of thanksgiving : " he's a natural ! " 

pres . obama formally pardons turkeys honest and abe ahead of 
u guess which is the real turkey and which should be jailed without a pardon ??? 

one of only 4 northern white rhinos believed to be left in the world has died : 
endangered white rhino dies at san diego-area zoo - abc news ( via 
one of the rarest rhinos has died . 

minneapolis police say 5 shot near protest scene 
" group raised suspicions before 5 were shot at police protest " 
group raised suspicions before 5 were shot at police protest - abc news ( via 
group raised suspicions before 5 were shot at police protest : protesters demanding justice for a black man fat ... 
minneapolis police say several shot near protest scene 
small group raised suspicions at police protest before gunfire erupted and 5 people were shot 
3 white men take a break from their islamophobia to go full isis on a group of protestors in mpls . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! group raised suspicions before 5 were shot … 
minneapolis police say 5 shot near black lives matter protest : 
shooting at the mainstream media coverage : the view from the protest : 
minneapolis say 5 near protest scene 
five protesters were shot during protest in 
police say 5 shot near black lives matter protest ( abcnews ): 
shooting at black lives matter protest in minneapolis 



rt watch : special education teacher begins each day by complimenting students , one by one … 

rt love letter found on greece beach sparks search for refugee couple : 

newborn baby left in nativity manger at nyc church , cops say : 
away in a manger : a christmas delivery 
left in manger at - 
newborn left in christmas nativity manger at church , cops say 
a baby boy , with his umbilical cord still attached , was found in a manger . 
police : newborn left in christmas nativity manger at church 
newborn left in christmas nativity manger at church , police say - abc news - via 
newborn left in christmas nativity manger at church , cops say : police searching for person who left ... 
newborn left in nativity manger at church , cops say - abc news ( via 
newborn left in christmas nativity manger at church , cops say - news 

rt russia launches airstrikes on isis targets in syria after confirming metrojet plane crash was ‘ terrorist ' bombing . … 


pres . reagan was first us president to officially " pardon " a turkey ahead of 
thanksgiving traditions at the white house 
reagan was first us president to " pardon " a turkey for 

rt new york mayor accuses chris christie of “ playing to the cheap seats ” on … 

