rt wars have started for less . bbc : turkey ' down russian warplane on syria border ' 
rt turkey ' downs russian warplane on syria border ' 
turkish military officials say russian warplane shot down after warnings it was violating airspace 
bugger . 
rt turks ' down russian warplane in syria ' : the turkish military says it has shot down a russian war ... … 
oh crap , this is really bad . 
turkey downs near syria-turkey border : ( vine by 
turkey shoots down russian warplane on syria border 
rt turkey is an old friend of terrorists : turkey ' downs russian warplane on syria border ' - 
' warplane shot down in syria ' by turks - bbc news 
amazing how dispassionate the bbc can be in its reporting when the story goes against its pro-islam narrative . 
rt turkey ' down russian warplane on syria border 
rt unidentified warplane shot down in syria after violating turkish airspace , turkish military tells reuters … 
the radar track shows the russian jet was flying over turkey and why that jet would have come down on the syrian ... 
certainly at behest of " secret warmongers " who would hate peace , turkey shoots down russian airplane ! 
turkey ' down russian warplane on syria border ' - bbc news 
rt shoots down close to the border of 2 pilots reportedly ejected : 
turkey ' shoots down warplane on syria border ' - bbc news see more 

pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal to create drugs giant 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal to create drugs giant - bbc news 
.. very sceptical of self-serving 👎🏾 seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant 
puck off 
pfizer seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant - via 
pfizer and allergan $160 billion deal sealed to create drugs giant 
- pharmaceuticals companies struggle to cope with patents on a number of major drugs expiring 
seals $160bn allergan - bbc 
this is an interesting inversion deal ! which will create new opportunities for all employees . i have been working … 
pfizer made history by investing in the largest deal ever for £106bn . . 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan takeover 
rt pfizer seals $160bn allergan takeover 
bbc news : pfizer seals $160bn allergan inversion takeover to offshore the profits , pay half the taxes 
pfizer seals 60bn allergan takeover 
rt pfizer seals $160bn deal to buy allergan . relocating hq to dublin will see pfizer tax bill lowered from 35% to 12.5% … 
ireland deal for international business , pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal change of hq address soon ? 
say it hillary , these companies setting up in low population countries with low tax rates , rips us off , us and uk . 
inv€r$ion seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant 
mib - example of m&a with tax advantage 
blindin ' tax dodge 
pfizer one step closer to world domination 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal - trap for a life time won't even come close to a % of this wake up people 

rt president francois hollande addresses french mayors . watch live … 
rt bbcbreaking : president francois hollande addresses french mayors . watch live … 
president francois hollande addresses french mayors . watch live via bbc 

rt uk police now treating disappearance of leicestershire teenager kayleigh haywood as murder 
kayleigh haywood case ' treated as murder ' - 
parents !!! who are your daughters talking to on ?? 
is a safer environment for young women than 
kayleigh case ' treated as murder ' 
i hope they find her safe and well 
" we just need to know what has happened to our baby girl , " say parents of kayleigh haywood 
so sad and so close to home too . 
police say they are now treating the disappearance of leicestershire teenager kayleigh haywood as murder . 
kayleigh haywood case now being treated as 

the uk should have a referendum on reintroducing the death penalty i would certainly vote for it 
kayleigh family ' devastated ' by find ... 
kayleigh haywood : family ' devastated ' after body is found 
kayleigh search police find body 
rt police searching for missing 15-year-old kayleigh haywood say they have found a body in a field in leicestershire . http … 
kayleigh haywood search police find body 
body found believed to be kayleigh 
this is my local area and my local routes . this saddens me greatly . poor lass 
kayleigh haywood's family ' devastated ' after body is found 
yet another girl murdered .. my heart goes out to her family .. 
body found believed to be missing teenager 
absolutely shocking , someone would take a young girls life and destroy a family like this . 
rt my heart goes out to kayleigh's family & friends as a mother to a 14 yr old it's heartbreaking news … 
why the hell does a young girl take off with men she has never met ?!!! 
another missing teen , always girl aged 13-17 
another sad outcome 
gender violence men should unite with women to eradicate body found believed missing teenager 
my heart goes out to kayleigh haywood's family at this bloody awful time . poor poor girl .... 
another girl kidnapped & murdered . there's a war on women right here , right everywhere 

rt french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament … 
rt french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament https :/ … 

: " germany friendly called off " 
rt german football stadium evacuated over security alert and germany-netherlands match cancelled 
germany friendly stadium evacuated 
rt the hannover stadium hosting germany's friendly with the netherlands is being evacuated . … 
germany v netherlands friendly called off after bomb threat - 
germany p-p netherlands . 
wasn't just france though . can't exactly blame people for not wanting to visit europe right now 
rt germany's football match with the netherlands is called off due to security concerns … 
in germany however it was a different story with the game being called off due to a bomb scare 
rt germany v netherlands friendly called off for security concerns in hannover . 
rt germany's friendly vs the netherlands tonight has been cancelled for ' security reasons ' . … 
v friendly called off after bomb threat - 
sad state when our way of life and living have us questioning every outing we plan on attending ! 

in october , rpi fell to 0.7% from 0.8% in september . meanwhile , cpi remained at - 0.1% 
the ons report on prices falling by 14% on an annual basis 
uk inflation rate remains negative . 
. has announced that the uk’s inflation rate remained at 0.1% this october . 
says uk cpi stays at - 0.1% in oct . while rpindex fell to 0.7% -lowest since nov09 
interest rates also set to remain low ? 
as inflation rate remains negative how will this benefit & ? 
good news for many 
uk house prices up by 6.1% 
inflation rate - 0.1% in october - bbc news 
yr13 econ & bus - inflation stays down ... 
uk still negative in october . rate rise could be further in the future than previously thought 
the rate as measured by the consumer prices index remained at - 0.1% in october - 
remains negative in october 
the uk’s inflation rate remained at - 0.1% in october according to the office for national statistics : 
with inflation this low , doesn't look like interest rates will be rising anytime soon ... 
rt remains negative in october 
uk inflation remains negative in october . 
as economics : not there yet but vital you start following inflation trends now 
uk's rate remains negative with and prices falling by 2.7% in 

rt french police want help to identify man they believe was suicide bomber at stade de france https :/ … 
rt photo : french police released this photo of a man they believe was a suicide bomber at stade de france - bbcbreaki … https … 

tune into now , is on discussing is and hunting season 
bbc news channel 
the legendary talks to at 1745 on the channel - watch it on tv or streamed here : 
britain's most-watched news channel , delivering breaking news and analysis all day , every day . 
french interior minister makes statement after suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud confirmed dead " 
digital cinema media bans the lord's prayer from uk cinemas in wake of paris . 


belgium charges man over paris attacks 
belgium charges fourth suspect with role 
another mohammed & hamza charged with aiding & abetting salah 
bbc news - attacks : charges fourth suspect with role 
rt charges man over paris attacks 
belgium charges fourth suspect with role in paris attack- 
archiving 
“ belgium charges fourth suspect with role ” 
rt belgium charges fourth suspect with role 

video : hollande addresses french mayors 
a little bit of news , keeping you in the loop . it's what we do ! video : hollande addresses french … 
french president francois hollande addresses an assembly of the mayors of france in the wake of last week's attacks … 

french president due to address both houses of parliament in versailles . watch live : 

world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says " 
world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says … via 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live … see more 
residents & told us what life in lockdown is like 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live updates - bbc news see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - … see more 
paris attacks : 21 arrests in belgium - live updates 
brussels in lockdown the latest on the hunt for salah abdeslam from 
bbc news : summary unavailable 
16 people arrested in belgium . it is so far unconfirmed how many of them were cats 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium . follow live updates here : 
live updates on - 

rt islamic state group is " threatening the whole world " - president hollande … 
rt " islamic state is threatening the whole world " -president hollande http … 
“ islamic state group is " threatening whole world " - president hollande ” 

two people confirmed to have died after explosion at cardiff's celsa uk steel plant 
two die in cardiff steel plant blast 
celsa steel : two people die in cardiff steelworks blast - bbc news 
top story : celsa steel : ' explosion ' at steelworks in cardiff - bbc news see more 
strong reporting from the teams today : a deep dive into a significant developing story . 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; celsa steel : ' explosion ' at steelworks in ca … see more 
most shared link : celsa steel : ' explosion ' at steelworks in cardiff - bbc news see more 
terrible news from the celsa steel plant within our immediate area . our thoughts go out to the families involved . 
two missing after steelworks blast 
an urgent question will be asked by to at 1500 , regarding the celsa steel fire 
at least 5 injured in explosion near cardiff bay steel-works . 
ohhhhh dear , i hope there's no serious injuries 
live page from - ' explosion ' at steelworks in cardiff 

rt charlie sheen announces he's hiv-positive , to put stop to " barrage of attacks " … 

tutorial on monday : russia and drugs . what if the trust goes out of sport ? 
russia ruled in breach of doping code 
russia ruled in breach of wada code 
doping : ' .. 15 kenyans currently banned for doping ... pound also alleged that kenya has a " real problem with doping " 
does it have any ? > ordered to explain its controls or join those countries under scrutiny . bbc sport 
also wada's naughty list is getting a bit long 
rt russia one of six countries ruled to be in breach of the world anti-doping agency's codes . … 
six countries , including russia , are ruled " non-compliant " with the world anti-doping agency's codes . 
athletics lead story athletics doping scandal : russia ruled in breach of wada c … see more 
russia is one of six countries ruled to be in breach of the world anti-doping agency's codes … 
was this really something that people were not expecting ? and ... if every national ... 
2014 wc finalists in breach of wada anti doping codes . 3 other wc winners and current world no . 1 on wactch list 
is team gb handicapping it's own athlete's with strict drug testing ... 
think there are more countries than these six .... 
bbc co uk sport athletics 34860136 
rt and ruled to be in breach of the world anti-doping agency'…https:/… 
russia in breach of wada code > argentina , ukraine , bolivia , andorra , israel also ' non-compliant ' 


actor charlie sheen reveals he is hiv-positive , in interview on us television 
charlie sheens face when there is a mosquito in the same room as you and him 



rt europe falls silent for one minute to remember victims of the 
rt mumbai shows solidarity , lighting up its main railway station - 
rt eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning https : … 
rt french police release photo of abdeslam salah , man sought in connection with https :/ … 
rt french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament … 
rt french police say main suspect salah abdeslam is on the run and " dangerous " … 
rt france launches massive airstrikes in syria , attacking the is stronghold of raqqa … 
bells of notre dame cathedral toll ahead of memorial service for victims of 
rt black seat car used by gunmen during paris attacks is found , as six people linked to suspect are arrested - police htt … 
rt several weapons found in abandoned car in paris suburb , supporting theory that some gunmen escaped … 
latest from molenbeek , belgium , where police operation is under way 
french prime minister confirms overnight raids by terror police took place , in connection with 
panicked crowds flee place de la republique in paris but all clear now given 
rt details are beginning to emerge of some of the 129 victims of 
rt france holds a minute of silence for the victims of the continuous coverage … 
rt the scene outside one of the restaurants targeted in as people pay respects … 

plane crash : airlines cancel more sharm el-sheikh flights 
cancels more sharm el-sheikh flights 
ba quote ' safety priority ' . why are not monarch following ba & easyjet ? is it the money ? 
airlines cancel sharm el-sheikh flights 
top story : info & news egypt plane crash : easyjet cancels more sharm el-sheikh … see more 
tweet top story : egypt plane crash : easyjet cancels more sharm el-sheikh flight … see more 
egypt plane crash : easyjet cancels more sharm el-s … see more 
british airways and easyjet cancel all flights between the egyptian resort of sharm el ... 

alton towers smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
alton towers crash due to ' human error ' ... 
alton towers rollercoaster , the smiler , crash was human error and is due to reopen in 2016 . read more here : 
rt human error caused alton towers rollercoaster crash in june that seriously injured five people , uk theme park says http … 
alton towers says smiler rollercoaster to re-open in 2016 after " human error " caused crash 
rt ' human error ' is being blamed for the alton towers crash . but what does ' human error ' mean ? … 
no rollercoaster should be able to endanger peoples lives ( or limbs ) through simple human error . poor design . 
not reassuring - how can we have confidence in thrill rides when we know that they are vulnerable to ' human error ' 
alton towers crash was ' human error ' 
do you read this and think people are idiots or that the safeguards needed improving ? 
' human error ' caused alton towers crash 
crash was human error ? i operated rollercoaster for 3 yrs - you can't crash-em , computer won't let you . 
alton towers crash ' human error ' surely it's a system design failure that made it possible for the error to happen ? 
alton towers smiler ride crash due to ' " staff misunderstood a shutdown message " , but why and how ??? 
would hate to be one of the people working on the ride at the time 😂 idiots . 
knew this would be the outcome ... 🤔 
bbc - smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
smiler is reopening :d people must be feeling guilty as ' human error ' was the cause . it still sucks for those hurt . 
re-opening 2016 - who's up for a go on the ' that-one-that-almost-killed-people ' ride ? safe if operated by non-humans 
rt personally i will ensure that no member of my family sets foot in this place ever again ... 
did this accident chnage your view on how safe theme parks are ? 
rt alton towers smiler crash was caused by " human error " . story still breaking , more news as we get it . … 
the smiler crash at alton towers down to human error 
alton towers smiler ride crash was ' human error ' - bbc news 
rt how disappointing to see headlines like this , ' human error ' is meaningless and unhelpful 
bbc news - alton towers smiler ride crash was ' human error ' 
human error is the worst kind of error , but machines should still not let it happen ! 
" a ride shutdown message was misunderstood by staff at the ride , " an alton towers spokeswoman said . ' 

easy and amazing ways to make money 
easy and amazing way to make cool money 
bbcbreaking " french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group 
george w . bush revisited ... 
does he want obummer to actually do something ? 
i think that we should flush out all the people in isis/isil that are in our country first . 
wants to meaninglessly drop even more bombs . 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition agains … 
french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group … 
france's retaliation intended to become our war ... indeed hollande invokes isil as threat to " the whole world . " 
here comes 1984 ! 
not contain them , eliminate them period . 
that means you , belize 

rt the police dog killed during the raid was a belgian malinois called diesel . live update at … 
rt germany-netherlands match called off after serious bomb threat , says hanover police chief https://… 
how parisians are marking one week on from deadly 
rt 115,000 police and army personnel mobilised to provide security across france … 
rt one person taken in for questioning in belgium as raids linked to suspects end 
rt bbcbreaking : french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group … 
rt french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group … 
rt woman who died in saint-denis flat raided by police after formally identified as hasna aitboulahcen https://… 
rt no explosives found inside hannover stadium , says german interior minister after bomb threat led to evacuation … 
rt ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud involved in 4 of 6 attacks foiled by france - interior minister … 
rt police operation ongoing in saint denis . is at the scene … 
rt they " threw grenades " during police raid says deputy commander … 
rt images coming through of armed police in saint denis suburb - latest on here : https : … 
rt french police raid in follow continuing coverage … 
rt roads leading to st denis have been blocked , bbc's reports from the scene … 
rt the scene in paris exactly a week on from that killed 130 people 
rt three suspects reported killed , two arrested in ongoing paris police and army raid on apartment in saint denis https://… 
rt " heavy , heavy gunfire " - saint denis residents told to stay indoors , bbc reporter told … 
europe must " act fast , swiftly & amp ; strongly " to defeat terrorism " 
◾️the scene in exactly a week on from that killed 130 people 
rt " it is the entire country that has been attacked " - president hollande … 



rt in first instance deal obvs most important to n ireland rather than political bargaining here- here are the details https://… 
rt deal is reached between the northern ireland parties to resolve current political crisis 
after 10 weeks of talks , a way forward has been agreed on paramilitarism and welfare reform for 
deal agreed to resolve ni crisis 
who has no thumbs and just dispensed a packet of cheese & onion crisps ? this machine 
rt corporation tax cut to 12.5% poorest thrown under a bus well done sinn fein . 
northern ireland political crisis : governments and two largest parties agree deal 
n . ireland ( pop 1.8 m ) given £30m pa for dhp wales ( pop . 3.1 m ) has £22m hit - deal !!! 
bbc news - northern ireland political crisis : governments and two largest parties agree deal 
dup & sinn fein now joined at the hip >> british & irish governments and two largest parties agree deal 
rt ni political deal done i'm pleased indep benefits expert eileen evason to oversee £30m pa to mitigate https :/ … 
thank for your prayers for n ireland 
it is good to hear that there has been a step forward in the stormont agreement . for that we are thankful ! now ... 
rt tax credits compensation in ni deal …. if applied to all uk households at same rate would be worth … 
a ( nother ) deal agreed for there'll be dancing in the streets today no doubt . or something .... 
rt we've got a deal at stormont - a fresh start ? tune into for the details and more on the site … 
rt as terrorism is reluctantly tackled outside the uk here comes more sickening appeasement of the vile ira . 
oh hai ! you'll never guess what - i've just dispensed a packet of prawn cocktail crisps 
in * 2015 * , they've formally agreed not to let illegal militias tell them what to do . 
i wonder who has been stabbed in the back over this ' agreement ' ... tony 
top story : northern ireland political crisis : governments and parties agree dea … see more 
rt today's stormont deal : welfare reform process expected to start this week or next . 
northern ireland political crisis : governments and parties agree deal 
rt new deal agreed - ' a fresh start - the stormont agreement implementation plan ' but no agreement on legacy issues … 
a deal is reached between the british and irish governments and northern ireland's two largest parties ... uk 
oh hai ! you'll never guess what - i've just dispensed a packet of ready salted crisps 
3.2 million to monitor terrorists already in government . taxpayers money !! 
" an important turning point for ni " , says as deal reached to resolve the country's political crisis . 
a new deal , a new set of issues re in northern ireland 
northern ireland talks : british and irish governments and dup and sinn fein agree deal 
check me out - i've just gone and dropped the finest packet of cheese & onion crisps you'll ever taste 
rt deal agreed has £345m for welfare mitigation incl £30m /yr for bedroom tax via … 
rt n . ireland parties & govts agree a deal : another £21m for welfare reforms , incl mitigation for tax credit cuts https://… 




rt english & french football fans sing french anthem in show of solidarity at wembley … 


argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - 
argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - bbc news 
rt opposition candidate mauricio macri wins argentina presidential election run-off , according to exit polls . … 
opposition ' wins argentina presidency ' - 
argentina conservative ahead in poll 
opposition's is now confirmed winner and new in election results 
kirchenerism ending in argentina 

blast hits state security bus in tunis 
blast hits state security bus in tunis - explosion hits bus carrying presidential guards in tunis , tunisian sta ... 
explosion hits bus carrying presidential guards in tunis , tunisian state tv says . 
a little bit of news , keeping you in the loop . it's what we do ! blast hits state security bus in … 

belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 
brussels lockdown : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - 
rt 19 anti-terror raids were carried out in the brussels region & 3 others in charleroi , belgian prosecutor says … 
arrests in belgium anti-terror raids 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number arrests to 21 
rt belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
rt detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 https :/ … 
top story : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 
why is it the only people i can speak to on the phone cant give me an answer on a refund for my flight ? 
headline : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 

world service gets funding boost from government 
british government is to invest £85m a year in enhancing bbc services around the world 
bbc world service gets funding boost 
war machine confirms propaganda budget - world service gets funding boost from government 
rt bbc pidgin and bbc yoruba coming soon 
bbc world service gets funding boost from government - bbc news 
rt any good news about the world service should be good news for the world . 
bbc news - bbc world service gets funding boost from government 
bbc world service gets £85m per year funding boost from government ; aims to build reach in north korea and africa 
confirmed : bbc is to broadcast to ethiopia and eritrea , but in which languages ? 
has received a funding boost to expand its world service 
bbc news - bbc world service gets funding boost from government great news here 
great to see the government giving the bbc world service a big funding boost ... 
. gets funding boost from government , by 
bbc world service : enables many to hear diverse voices and different points of view where domestic media is sterile 
bbc increased funding aimed at countries with a " democracy deficit " including m east russia , n korea and 
bbc's world services funding to be boosted to £85 billion a year from 2017 : 
in democracy crisis nations such as ethiopia , bbc ws gets uk gov't funding approval for program air time 
will renewed funds restore lang services like amazing 2 bulk of ssa only reached by sw ? 
better late than never for uk govt to realise defunding the ws was stupid , i guess : 
a good call from the gov ; will make a gd difference to worldwide democracy should not have been cut in 1stplace tho 
rt 5 years after cutting funding uk govt reinvests in at last realized how valuable it is ? … 
increased funding for we all benefit . 
rt grave mistake for bbc to accept direct govt funding . it was ok when world service was separate . worrying . … 

: " video : paris attacks : news conference " 
live : paris prosecutor delivers press conference on 
a little bit of news , keeping you in the loop . it's what we do ! video : paris attacks : news confe … 
the french prosecutor in charge of the investigation into the paris attacks gives a news conference after the … 

rt uk pm david cameron to set out a " comprehensive strategy " for dealing with islamic state extremists … 
rt uk pm david cameron says " there is a compelling case " for britain to act against is in syria https … 
rt let's remember that in 2013 , cameron wanted to bomb assad's regime , while ally saudia arabia funded and armed isis … 
pm : i will make case for strikes against is in syria 
rt ukiniraq " rt ukagainstisil : . number10gov : have strengthened the case for strikes to be … " 
rt pm : we must do more on is in syria : prime minister david cameron says he will s ... 
rt . : have strengthened the case for strikes to be extended to … 
pm : i will make case for syria strikes 
cameron using paris attacks to re-sell plan for britain bombing in syria 
pm : i will make case for strikes against is in syria - bbc news 
dc getting itchy button fingers , he wants to play and bomb raqqa into rubble . then , bomb the rubble into gravel . 
rt vic minett's here from 10 - should we bomb isis in syria ? call 0345 900 5 200 david cameron wants … 
vic minett's here from 10 - should we bomb isis in syria ? call 0345 900 5 200 david cameron wants mp's to back plans 
on the big phone in today - do you hope your mp votes to bomb isis in syria ? your view at 9am 
rt pm cameron : paris attack strengthens case for strikes against 
rt uk : prime minister david cameron has said parliament will hold a vote on whether or not to bomb in syria . … 
david cameron to set out is strategy 
rt airstrikes in syria won't work , cameron should be acting against muslims in the uk they are a bigger threat … 
mr c get your own act in order first please look who you've let in to the uk - nutters - 
rt desperate for a slice of the pie .. 

uk to 40 in us jail 👍 
uk bomb plotter jailed for 40 years 
so he is from pakistan and was extradited to the usa for plotting attacks in denmark , uk and usa . he and our ... 
uk bomb plotter sentenced to 40 years in us jail 
bbc news -pakistan man extradited from the uk to the us is jailed 40 years for plotting attacks in several countries 
uk bomb plotter sentenced to 40 years in us jail . this sentence should be " life " seen the loss it could cause ! 
rt a man who planned to bomb the arndale centre in has been sentenced to 40 years in a us jail … 
uk bomb plotter sentenced to 40 years in us jail - bbc news 
us court sentences abid naseer to 40 years in jail for plotting attacks in uk , us & denmark 
a pakistani man extradited from the uk to the us has been sentenced to 40 years in jail for plotting attacks in manchester , new york and copenhagen . 



robinson to step down ' within weeks ' 
peter robinson : northern ireland first minister says the time is right to quit 
sure he can piss up his nama money on hols now . peter robinson : ni first minister says the time is right to quit - 
peter robinson : northern ireland first minister to quit within weeks - 
robinson says the time is right to quit ... 
northern ireland first minister says the time is right to quit another step forward to ireland independence . 
bbc news - northern ireland first minister says the time is right to quit 
so long , stinky pete . i cling to the faint hope that your successor is a better human being than you are . 
peter robinson : ni first minister set to quit within weeks ... 
rt bbc news - peter robinson : northern ireland first minister says time is right to quit - here's to … 
bbc news - peter robinson : northern ireland first minister says time is right to quit - here's to you mr robinson 
i would be pleased about this if i wasn't so sure that we'll just be exchanging kang for kodos . 
drinking tonight . 🎉 
rt good riddance to peter ( the punt ) robinson . he has seriously damaged unionism lundy ht … 
rt peter robinson stepping down to spend more time with iris 
rt peter robinson : ni first minister set to retire from politics 
now his wing man has moved to scotland he can't go on- 
better late than never , peter ... 
it's probably wishful thinking but maybe progress will be able to be made now .... nah , doubt it 😢 - 
on a purely non-political note , i’m not surprised by this : 
rt peter robinson announces he will quit northern irish politics within weeks 
meaning the successors will be arlene foster or nigel dodds ... dear oh dear ... 
must have got that house in america , ole arlene weres the boots now . 


conservative mauricio macri wins argentina presidency 
let's hope macri brings sanity back to argentinian position on falklands & ending kirchner's dangerous rhetoric 
rt bbc news - mauricio wins presidency 
one down , one to go ; ) 
conservative wins argentina presidency 
argentina rediscovers a bit of political common sense 
bit of hope for argentina ; can't be any worse than that dreadful de kirchner woman 
conservative mauricio macri wins presidency 
narrowly votes out peronists and opts for centre-right macri as president 
a fresh start for argentina 
i hope that macri's victory will bring prosperity and an end to destructive populism in 
conservative victory bad , but mind-numbing populist bullshit from the other side dug its own grave . 
with macri's victory , argentina inaugurates a new cycle in latin american politics . 
makes a bold move and a positive one ! 
this seems a sound decision . here's hoping that this will bring an end to peronist style populism . i would like to … 
i remember the after first round , crowing how the left wing candidate had won by a ' landslide ' - ooops 
wow ! now heres hoping he diesnt do a menem ... 
change for 
rt top story in questo momento : conservative mauricio macri wins argentina preside … see more http … 

list of labour mp's who voted for or against trident . the rest abstained or were nowhere to be seen . 
mps reject the snp's anti-trident motion by 330 to 64 
you can follow live text and video coverage of the trident debate at westminster here ▶ 
politics live : trident debate 
rt uk defence review : - £178bn investment over next 10 years - 2 new " strike brigades " - 9 maritime patrol aircraft https … 
politics live : trident debate - bbc news 
rolling coverage of political developments : nhs funding , trident , ashdown on syria ... bbc politics live - 
the govt admits to sacrificing welfare costs to increase defence spending : debate live : 
rt pm to outline case on thursday for uk " going after isil at their headquarters in syria " … 
top story : politics live : monday 23 november - bbc news see more 
rt david cameron's back in the uk , ready to put case for action in syria . bbc politics live - https :/ … 
live page on uk government's defence review . massive extra investment . 
hmg will be investing £5.8 bn in climate finance " supporting fragile and broken states " in order to “ play our part ... 

rt " heavy , heavy gunfire " - saint denis residents told to stay indoors , bbc reporter told … 

rt 19 nationalities among dead in & many under 30 years old - french president https://… 
rt " france is at war " , french president tells rare meeting of houses of parliament , versailles https … 
rt france will intensify operations in syria , where were " decided and planned " , french president says … 
rt bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : france will intensify operations in syria , where were " decided and planned … https : … 
video : hollande addresses french congress : via 


british government just pinched a lot of your doctors and flew them to britain 
we'd like to give a warm welcome to the syrian refugees who have arrived in glasgow today ! qassem , who arrived ... 
rt ~ 100 refugees landed in as part of the vulnerable persons relocation scheme : bbc rep … 
rt refugees fleeing & brutality arrived in uk today as part of vpr scheme . the uk welcomes them https … 
refugees flight lands in 
bbc reports warm welcome to refugees landing in as part of the vulnerable persons relocation scheme : 
refugees flight lands in - will the peace of the scottish hebrides be disturbed by call to prayers ? 
rt momentous day | scotland shows the way 
syrian refugee group to arrive in uk via bbc 
fast track , free house and pounds to fund more attacks while the government closes their eyes 
" shopkeeper baljit promises to order special foods for new syrian neighbours " 
~ 100 refugees landed in as part of the vulnerable persons relocation scheme : bbc reports warm welcome 
syrian refugee group set to arrive in uk - bbc news 
i wish all the families that have arrived in scotland warmth safety & security , things we all take for granted ️xx 
the stories behind the syrian refugees and one scottish community waiting their arrival 
scotland welcomes the syrian refugees . although it's cold here , hope your welcome on bute is warm 
is pleased to have organised the first charter arrival of to read more here : 
rt around 100 syrian refugees are due to arrive in the uk today from refugee camps in jordan and lebanon via http … 
no harm to them but seriously the min they walk of the plane they get housing , what about our own that sleep rough ! 
syrian refugees flight lands in i'm glad they've done it discreetly . 
bbc news - syrian refugees arrive in scotland . 0615 
syrian refugee group arrive in uk 
truly welcome . syrian refugees land in 
rt breaking : a flight carrying a group of syrian refugees has touched down at glasgow airport htt … 
gov’t foisting as hundred — then thousands — of ‘ imported at expense … 
from syria to the east end of glasgow . sometimes life ain't fair . 
the first group of syrian refugees have arrived in the uk under the govt's expanded resettlement scheme 
rt syrian refugee group set to arrive in uk - these people are among the 20,000 selected because they need special help … 
been a long day reporting for from the isle of bute , where 15 syrian families will be resettled . 
rt about 100 syrian refugees have landed in uk - the largest group to arrive since the government expanded its scheme https … 


rt images coming through of armed police in saint denis suburb - latest on here : https : … 

boy , 15 , from plymouth , charged over cyber attacks on international websites and bomb hoaxes on us airlines 
global cyber attacks 
boy , 15 , charged over cyber attacks 
15 y/o boy from plymouth , uk , charged with attacking websites & making bomb hoaxes to us airlines via social media 
plymouth boy , 15 , charged over global 
bbc news 15yr old british boy charged over cyber attacks on international websites & bomb hoaxes against us airlines 
a 15-year-old from plymouth is charged over cyber attacks on international websites and bomb hoax ... 
police say cyber attack charges are not thought to relate to the talktalk attack - ( pic : pa ) 
bbc news - boy , 15 , charged over 
breaking : plymouth boy , 15 , charged over international cyber attacks 
boy 15 charged with uk usa bomb hoaxes 
news : 15-year-old boy from plymouth charged with and bomb hoaxes 
plymouth - the uk's real second city . 


the word for goosebumps is chair de poule . 
i just can't . i'm so scared for the world 😨 
france is at war 
he needs to wake up obama with that message !!! 
shades of gwb post 9/11 . but we need a steady cool hand 
unfortunately for the dead . that woke you up froggy . 
" eye for an eye " ? 
great . just what we need ! 
some moral clarity here ... from the french president 
declaration of war from france . 
if i were a frenchman i'd be very proud of my politicians - the entire french parliament sings the 
powerful stuff from hollande 
this was their intent people . excuses for more war . could it be any more clear ? 
shit ! 
fuck isis 
this is a lot like post 9/11 rhetoric ......... did we not learn anything 
president called for a u.n. security council meeting . 
war on terror 
because the good response to death is more death . obviously . 
rt we average person need peace ! 
damn ... is this how it'll start ? 
heyy !! shit is about to hit the fan and the whole world seems to be sitting under it .. 
and here is the difference in leadership 
france at war ... 👎⚠🆘😤 
3rd time since 1848 that a french president gathers both houses of parliament . this is serious ! 
some degree of irony here . 
hasn't it planned ? france wants to attacks syria , but they should have the ' reason ' to do it that make world agree 
looks like france have pretty much declared war ! 
dark days ahead ... 
so it begins 
meanwhile , back in the us ..... 
aw fuck i think france has declared war ... this isn't going to end well ... 
we support you 
well , here we go ........... 
go hollande go ... go wash your sins in blood . 
meanwhile some real speech on the crisis as opposed to hearing obama's silly dither . 
we are now seeing world war three god help us 
we are all at war with terrorism , or we will be victims . 
updates : 
eerily reminds me of chamberlain's speech to britain about going to war with germany . please , not ww3 . 😢 
yikes . bold rhetoric . 
fucking terrorists . 
different tenor in obama's and hollande's statements ? 

rt 19 nationalities among dead in & many under 30 years old - french president https://… 
rt bbcbreaking : 19 nationalities among dead in & many under 30 years old - french president … 

shooting down of russian jet will have " serious consequences " for moscow's relations with turkey - vladimir putin 
rt . to hold extraordinary meeting in brussels at turkey's request , after downing of russian jet in syria … 
rt - russian jet shot down in syria - turkey : warnings ignored - russia denies violating airspace latest : … 
russia says warplane shot down by turkish jets in syria did not enter turkish airspace 
top story : warplane shot down at syria border with turkey - bbc news see more 
so , it's been quite the day , and raises the prospect of wwiii - and * then * a salving tea 
warplane shot down on border . presidential press secretary : downing of jet " very serious incident " 
i know this was reported well before the bbc . this could potentially be very bad . 

eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning 
rt bbcbreaking : eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning … 
rt bbcbreaking : eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mour … 
rt tariqnoorkhan : eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mo … 
rt eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning htt … 

pm announces defence review . amazing how the no brain politicos who led us into this mess think they can get us out . 
video : pm announces defence and security review - 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of an … top story 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of … 
bbc news - pm announces defence and security review 
david cameron gives details of an additional £12bn of equipment spending , as he outlines the strategic defence and … 
live : pm announces defence and security review via 

david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande - bbc news 
david cameron : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
world united in terror fight - cameron 
in uk interest : pm only in dave's tory interest .. we're safer if we leave middle east alone . 
cameron view : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - rest of the world fighting daesh 
christmas cancelled peace to all men put on hold - world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' 
pm holding talks with french president 
we will never defeat is it's one of the most commonly used words ! seriously tho call them daesh , not a ' state ' 
i dunno man , it doesnt seem like bombs and guns will actually stop them , and will probably help their cause ? 
pm to hold talks with french president 
rt prime minister to told talks with francois hollande on c o-o peration against isil . 
cameron and hollande meet in paris to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
if the ' world ' was united , we wouldn't be fighting 
top story : get your tank refill now david cameron to hold talks with french pre … see more 
[ news botfeed top story ] david cameron to hold talks with french president holl … see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; david cameron to hold talks with french pres … see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : david cameron to hold talks with french … see more 
david cameron : uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - bbc news 
top story david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande … see more 

