rt one of two russian pilots shot down by turkey picked up by the syrian army , russian ambassador says 
missing russian jet pilot ' alive and well ' 
rt missing russian jet pilot ' picked up by syrian army ' 
russian missing after his jet was shot down by turkey while on air strikes mission over syria , rescued . 
turkey russia jet : marine killed in pilot rescue bido 
missing russian syrian army ' 
rt big questions for turkey on russian jet . if turkey conspired with isis & bought oil , it should not be in nato or eu … 
rt update : russian pilot picked up by the syrian army should be taken to russian airbase , says russian ambassador … 
russian jet pilot and marine killed in syria 
turkey russia jet : marine killed in pilot rescue bid - bbc news 
rt where was the russian jet when it was shot down ? turkey and russia offer differing accounts ht … 
two russians killed over jet downing 
fighting over oil again turkish bit trigger happy would the shot down us plane 
rt russian pilot who went missing after his jet was shot down was rescued in 12-hour operation involving special forces http … 
rt til russia's ambassador to france is called alexander orlov 
rt copilot rescued . fighters to escort bombers . retaliatory action expected imminantly h … 
missing russian pilot \'with syrian army\' 
missing russian pilot alive in syria - bit of good fortune emerging from growing with and 
oltre's top story : turkey russia jet : marine killed in pilot rescue bid - bbc n … see more 

rt turkish military officials say russian warplane shot down after warnings it was violating airspace 
turkey downs near syria-turkey border : ( vine by 
rt is there a clause in the nato charter that suspends a country's membership for doing something really stupid ? … 
turkey ' down russian warplane on syria border ' 
guess it was only a matter of time 
turkey ' shoots down russian warplane on syria border ' 
turkey ' down russian warplane on syria border ' - bbc news 
turkey ' downs russian warplane on syria border ' - bbc news 
retweeted bbc breaking news ( turkish military officials say russian warplane shot down after ... 
turks ' downed russia warplane in syria ' 
' warplane shot down in syria ' by turks - bbc news 
rt syria border region where turkey has reportedly shot down a russian military aircraft https://… 
rt ' downs russian warplane on border ' life feels like being in a bad thriller 
top skydiving link of the day : 
rt turkey ' shoots down warplane on syria border ' - 
rt turkey shoots down russian jet over syrian airspace ... 
rt as ww3 gets a step closer , in westminster labour's career politicians vote for corporal cameron's lies . … 
rt turkey shoots down russian jet . wwiii in 5 , 4 , 3 ,....... 
rt ' shoots down warplane on syria border ' 
hey , no problem .... let's send 100,000 troops into the middle of this mess ! on one hand , the turks are justified ... 
rt turkey ' downs russian warplane on syria border ' 
rt that'll help : " turks ' downed russia warplane in 
rt bbc news - ' warplane shot down in syria ' by turks 
this is getting scary now . 
rt are the two sides taking this straight out of the wish list ? still hopeful at least one calm mind remains . … 

- pharmaceuticals companies struggle to cope with patents on a number of major drugs expiring 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal to create drugs giant 
rt there's a joke in here somewhere - makers of viagra and botox get together as pfizer seals £106bn allergan deal … 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal to create drugs giant - bbc news 
bbc news - pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal to create drugs giant 
.. very sceptical of self-serving 👎🏾 seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant 
puck off 
pfizer seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant - via 
pfizer and allergan $160 billion deal sealed to create drugs giant 
seals $160bn allergan - bbc 
this is an interesting inversion deal ! which will create new opportunities for all employees . i have been working … 
pfizer made history by investing in the largest deal ever for £106bn . . 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan takeover 
rt pfizer seals $160bn allergan takeover 
bbc news : pfizer seals $160bn allergan inversion takeover to offshore the profits , pay half the taxes 
pfizer seals 60bn allergan takeover 
rt pfizer seals $160bn deal to buy allergan . relocating hq to dublin will see pfizer tax bill lowered from 35% to 12.5% … 
ireland deal for international business , pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal change of hq address soon ? 
say it hillary , these companies setting up in low population countries with low tax rates , rips us off , us and uk . 
inv€r$ion seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant 
mib - example of m&a with tax advantage 
blindin ' tax dodge 
pfizer one step closer to world domination 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal - trap for a life time won't even come close to a % of this wake up people 

rt president francois hollande addresses french mayors . watch live … 
president francois hollande addresses french mayors . watch live via bbc 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : president francois hollande addresses french mayors . watch live … 

jailed for 40 years 
international bomb jailed in looks suspicious . good riddance . not to be released period . bye bye . 
rt uk bomb plotter jailed for 40 years : a pakistani man extradited from the uk to ... … 
international bomb plotter jailed in us 
abid naseer jailed for 40 years in us spies in wigs & a judge calling him a terrorist , farce not justice 
man plotting manchester bombing jailed in us 
patience can be a virtue when it comes to policing . 
pakistani muslim " exploited uk visa system " to plan multiple terror attacks 
rt thankyou american friends ! 👍👏 good job . 
rt bbc news - uk bomb plotter sentenced to 40 years in us jail 
rt uk bomb plotter sentenced to 40 years in us jail - bbc news 
a pakistani man extradited from the uk to the us is sentenced to 40 years in jail for plotting attacks in ... 
it - persons : top stories of the day ; international bomb plotter jailed for 40 … see more 
may cowboy justice prevail and international bomb plotter abid naseer rot for 40 years in a jail 
rt a man who planned to bomb the arndale centre in has been sentenced to 40 years in a us jail … 

rt uk police now treating disappearance of leicestershire teenager kayleigh haywood as murder 
kayleigh haywood case ' treated as murder ' - 
parents !!! who are your daughters talking to on ?? 
is a safer environment for young women than 
kayleigh case ' treated as murder ' 
i hope they find her safe and well 
" we just need to know what has happened to our baby girl , " say parents of kayleigh haywood 
so sad and so close to home too . 
police say they are now treating the disappearance of leicestershire teenager kayleigh haywood as murder . 
kayleigh haywood case now being treated as 

the uk should have a referendum on reintroducing the death penalty i would certainly vote for it 
kayleigh family ' devastated ' by find ... 
kayleigh haywood : family ' devastated ' after body is found 
kayleigh search police find body 
rt police searching for missing 15-year-old kayleigh haywood say they have found a body in a field in leicestershire . http … 
kayleigh haywood search police find body 
body found believed to be kayleigh 
this is my local area and my local routes . this saddens me greatly . poor lass 
kayleigh haywood's family ' devastated ' after body is found 
yet another girl murdered .. my heart goes out to her family .. 
body found believed to be missing teenager 
absolutely shocking , someone would take a young girls life and destroy a family like this . 
rt my heart goes out to kayleigh's family & friends as a mother to a 14 yr old it's heartbreaking news … 
why the hell does a young girl take off with men she has never met ?!!! 
another missing teen , always girl aged 13-17 
another sad outcome 
gender violence men should unite with women to eradicate body found believed missing teenager 
my heart goes out to kayleigh haywood's family at this bloody awful time . poor poor girl .... 
another girl kidnapped & murdered . there's a war on women right here , right everywhere 

rt french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament … 
rt french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament https :/ … 

: " germany friendly called off " 
rt german football stadium evacuated over security alert and germany-netherlands match cancelled 
germany friendly stadium evacuated 
rt the hannover stadium hosting germany's friendly with the netherlands is being evacuated . … 
germany v netherlands friendly called off after bomb threat - 
germany p-p netherlands . 
wasn't just france though . can't exactly blame people for not wanting to visit europe right now 
rt germany's football match with the netherlands is called off due to security concerns … 
in germany however it was a different story with the game being called off due to a bomb scare 
rt germany v netherlands friendly called off for security concerns in hannover . 
rt germany's friendly vs the netherlands tonight has been cancelled for ' security reasons ' . … 
v friendly called off after bomb threat - 
sad state when our way of life and living have us questioning every outing we plan on attending ! 

in october , rpi fell to 0.7% from 0.8% in september . meanwhile , cpi remained at - 0.1% 
the ons report on prices falling by 14% on an annual basis 
uk inflation rate remains negative . 
. has announced that the uk’s inflation rate remained at 0.1% this october . 
says uk cpi stays at - 0.1% in oct . while rpindex fell to 0.7% -lowest since nov09 
interest rates also set to remain low ? 
as inflation rate remains negative how will this benefit & ? 
good news for many 
uk house prices up by 6.1% 
inflation rate - 0.1% in october - bbc news 
yr13 econ & bus - inflation stays down ... 
uk still negative in october . rate rise could be further in the future than previously thought 
the rate as measured by the consumer prices index remained at - 0.1% in october - 
remains negative in october 
the uk’s inflation rate remained at - 0.1% in october according to the office for national statistics : 
with inflation this low , doesn't look like interest rates will be rising anytime soon ... 
rt remains negative in october 
uk inflation remains negative in october . 
as economics : not there yet but vital you start following inflation trends now 
uk's rate remains negative with and prices falling by 2.7% in 

rt french police want help to identify man they believe was suicide bomber at stade de france https :/ … 

jeremy corbyn : will air strikes in syria make uk safer ? more now on the channel 
bbc news channel 
how do i remove the image of corbyn from my opening screen for bbc live ? 
tune into now , is on discussing is and hunting season 
the legendary talks to at 1745 on the channel - watch it on tv or streamed here : 
britain's most-watched news channel , delivering breaking news and analysis all day , every day . 
french interior minister makes statement after suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud confirmed dead 
digital cinema media bans the lord's prayer from uk cinemas in wake of paris . 

continuing coverage of the saint denis police operation 
rt bbcbreaking : continuing coverage of the saint denis police operation 
rt continuing coverage of the police operation … 

belgium charges man over paris attacks 
belgium charges fourth suspect with role 
paris attacks : belgium charges man with role in assaults 
attacks : charges fourth suspect with role . 
another mohammed & hamza charged with aiding & abetting salah 
rt charges man over paris attacks 
belgium charges fourth suspect with role in paris attack- 
archiving 
“ belgium charges fourth suspect with role ” 
rt belgium charges fourth suspect with role 

video : hollande addresses french mayors 
a little bit of news , keeping you in the loop . it's what we do ! video : hollande addresses french … 
french president francois hollande addresses an assembly of the mayors of france in the wake of last week's attacks … 

turkish army releases audio it says shows it warned russian plane before it was shot down 
rt downed plane pilot denies turkey warning 
rt ' gave no warning ' - downed pilot 
rt moscow is sending out its most advanced anti-aircraft missile system , the s-400 . 
no before turkey downed plane 
rt a5patrik : andreaskorinov ' gave no warning ' - downed pilot 
rt ' turkey gave no warning ' - downed russian pilot 
rt starting to believe pilot version over in saga after this https :/ … 
rt captain murakhtin pilot downed by on border said no warning made&no airspace violation https :/ … 
rt bbc news - ' turkey gave no warning ' - downed russian pilot 
' turkey gave no warning ' - downed russian pilot - bbc news 

rt french president due to address both houses of parliament in versailles . watch live : … 

world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says " 
world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says … via 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live … see more 
residents & told us what life in lockdown is like 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live updates - bbc news see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - … see more 
paris attacks : 21 arrests in belgium - live updates 
brussels in lockdown the latest on the hunt for salah abdeslam from 
bbc news : summary unavailable 
16 people arrested in belgium . it is so far unconfirmed how many of them were cats 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium . follow live updates here : 
live updates on - 

rt islamic state group is " threatening the whole world " - president hollande … 
rt " islamic state is threatening the whole world " -president hollande http … 
“ islamic state group is " threatening whole world " - president hollande ” 

two people confirmed to have died after explosion at cardiff's celsa uk steel plant 
two die in cardiff steel plant blast 
celsa steel : two people die in cardiff steelworks blast - bbc news 
top story : celsa steel : ' explosion ' at steelworks in cardiff - bbc news see more 
strong reporting from the teams today : a deep dive into a significant developing story . 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; celsa steel : ' explosion ' at steelworks in ca … see more 
most shared link : celsa steel : ' explosion ' at steelworks in cardiff - bbc news see more 
terrible news from the celsa steel plant within our immediate area . our thoughts go out to the families involved . 
two missing after steelworks blast 
an urgent question will be asked by to at 1500 , regarding the celsa steel fire 
at least 5 injured in explosion near cardiff bay steel-works . 
ohhhhh dear , i hope there's no serious injuries 
live page from - ' explosion ' at steelworks in cardiff 

rt charlie sheen announces he's hiv-positive , to put stop to " barrage of attacks " … 

tutorial on monday : russia and drugs . what if the trust goes out of sport ? 
russia ruled in breach of doping code 
russia ruled in breach of wada code 
doping : ' .. 15 kenyans currently banned for doping ... pound also alleged that kenya has a " real problem with doping " 
does it have any ? > ordered to explain its controls or join those countries under scrutiny . bbc sport 
also wada's naughty list is getting a bit long 
rt russia one of six countries ruled to be in breach of the world anti-doping agency's codes . … 
six countries , including russia , are ruled " non-compliant " with the world anti-doping agency's codes . 
athletics lead story athletics doping scandal : russia ruled in breach of wada c … see more 
russia is one of six countries ruled to be in breach of the world anti-doping agency's codes … 
was this really something that people were not expecting ? and ... if every national ... 
2014 wc finalists in breach of wada anti doping codes . 3 other wc winners and current world no . 1 on wactch list 
is team gb handicapping it's own athlete's with strict drug testing ... 
think there are more countries than these six .... 
rt and ruled to be in breach of the world anti-doping agency'…https:/… 
russia in breach of wada code > argentina , ukraine , bolivia , andorra , israel also ' non-compliant ' 
ruled in breach of code 

french president calls for turkey-syria border to close as " matter of urgency " to stop terrorists coming to europe 
" we will do everything in our power to defend our nation , " president obama says 
& intensify anti push . licence jail respect they r not 
paris attacks : hollande and obama to intensify anti-is push 
france and us intensify anti-is push 
rt french president calls for turkey-syria border to close as " matter of urgency " to stop terrorists coming to europe … 
paris attacks : hollande and obama to intensify anti-is push - bbc news : bbc newsparis attacks : hollande and ob ... 
even a fellow socialist of yours wants the borders closed 

actor charlie sheen reveals he is hiv-positive , in interview on us television 
charlie sheens face when there is a mosquito in the same room as you and him 

chancellor george osborne is on now and at 8.10 am . live coverage : 
spending review 
around 2.6 million working families will be £ 1,600 a year worse off on average under says ifs 

rt 20+ more killer uk rebrands predators as ‘ protectors ’ 
always money for war though > cameron announced £12bn extra defence spending . 
rt bbc fellates cameron's defence review , which is basically- give us arms corps loads of money & shout ' terrorism ' https://… 
' 10,000 troops ' to tackle terror attacks 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 
rt huge respect for our armed services but they are not a police service and are subject to political control . … 
politicians reinventing the wheel to please the worried public . i am sure there will be lots of soldiers reorganised … 
10,000 troops could be on streets - pm 
rt they simply will not fund the police will they ! a military response means nothing as we will be the 1st responders ! https : … 
a ' war ' = militarisation : cameron's defence spending review comments blur military-police counter-terror boundary 
defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 
uk news : strategic defence review tav commentary : apart from this not being a response to terrorism and ... 
bbc news - defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 
trident now costing almost £500 per head 
repression coming to uk soon 
the grand old duke of cameron he deployed ( up to ) 10,000 men and when the threat was over he made them redundant >> 
defence review : 10000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - bbc news 
no money for the people millions for war : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - 
today has been a good day for our armed forces . very pleased with the strategic defence and security review . 
are a threat to liberty , peace and security so let's buy more arms 
all things considered , a pretty decent defence review . 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attack and other ideas . by 2025 . 2025 ?! 
well done you found a ise for all the body bags labour bought 
terror should demand nothing less than 100% of our entire , on-going defense budget 
defence . 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - t trident wouldn't be ready until 2030's what's the point ? 
rt bbc news - review : could put 10,000 troops on uk streets to deal with … 
review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - necessary as a minimum . 
all these jets and nuclear missiles will be perfect for taking out a handful of gunmen in a residential area 
it's a start , bit still nowhere near enough . 
is this providing the means to defend ?...... 
rt democratically accountable civil defence , yes ; strike brigades , paramilitary policing and trident , no- … 
rt defence review : pm could send 10,000 troops on to streets - 

rt eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning https : … 
rt mumbai shows solidarity , lighting up its main railway station - 
rt eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning htt … 
rt europe falls silent for one minute to remember victims of the 
rt french police release photo of abdeslam salah , man sought in connection with https :/ … 
rt french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament … 
rt french police say main suspect salah abdeslam is on the run and " dangerous " … 
rt france launches massive airstrikes in syria , attacking the is stronghold of raqqa … 
bells of notre dame cathedral toll ahead of memorial service for victims of 
rt black seat car used by gunmen during paris attacks is found , as six people linked to suspect are arrested - police htt … 
rt several weapons found in abandoned car in paris suburb , supporting theory that some gunmen escaped … 
latest from molenbeek , belgium , where police operation is under way 
french prime minister confirms overnight raids by terror police took place , in connection with 
panicked crowds flee place de la republique in paris but all clear now given 
rt details are beginning to emerge of some of the 129 victims of 
rt france holds a minute of silence for the victims of the continuous coverage … 

david cameron says bombing is in syria will make uk ' safer ' 
rt david cameron says the uk faces " a fundamental threat to our security " 
cameron says bombing is in syria will make uk ' safer ' - no , targeting islamists at home and gulf petrodollars will 
that's what blair said about iraq ! bbc news - david cameron says bombing is in syria will make uk ' safer ' 
david cameron to make case for syria air strikes - bbc news 
syria air strikes ' will make us safer ' 
rt going to war with syria will achieve nothing-we should be protecting uk borders & defending against islam in the uk ht … 
david cameron says bombing is in syria will make uk ' safer ' - another pledge ? another lie ? 
rt going to war with syria will achieve nothing-we should be protecting uk borders & defending against islam in the uk https … 
david cameron says bombing is in syria will make uk ' safer ' . yeah errr " war makes us safe " . etc . 
dave says bombing is in syria will make uk ' safer ' last time he wanted us to go in in support of is . wrong again ? 
bombing is in syria ' in uk's interest ' 
bbc news - bombing is in syria will make uk ' safer ' because bombing other countries has always made us safer ! 
he should really consider what the electorate might think . check the comments : 
none the wiser as to : 1 ) how bombing is in syria “ makes us safer ” . 2 ) who / what is cameron’s “ advice behind me ” ? 
dear david cameron : you are not a sorcerer or god . just because you say something , that doesn't make it true . 
rt cameron says bombing syria will make uk ' safer ' ( because the world is clearly more peaceful after the post-911 wars ) … 
why bother going to syria - dodgydave says bombing is in syria will make uk ' safer ' - when you can bomb 450 here ? 
i've never heard of aggression lessening terrorism : david cameron " bombing is in syria will make uk safer " 
astonishing how we forget lessons from - bombing is in syria will make uk ' safer ' 
syria air strikes ' will make us safer ' : david cameron sets out his case for air strikes against is in syria , t ... 
cameron : should join air strikes 
saying bombing in will " make us safer " in the uk flies in face of recent events 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; david cameron to make case for syria air str … see more 
" we have to hit these terrorists in their heartland right now , " says david cameron on case for uk strikes in syria 
apparently , bombing syrians will make us safer . camoron must have found an old bliar speech to use . 
or make us more of a target : david cameron says bombing in will make ' safer ' - 
david cameron says bombing is in syria will make uk ‘ safer ’ - yeah it made the french and russians really safe 
rt air strikes in syria " won't end is " but will make " britain a target " : bbc's https : … 
international relations stories david cameron to make case for syria air strike … see more 
i just don't understand . 
top story : linux and open source , david cameron to make case for syria air stri … see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : david cameron to make case for syria ai … see more 
. says air strikes ' will make us safer ' . we have his word on that , & 
syria strikes ' will make us safer ' how does an air strike in beat in eu or uk ? 
syria strikes ' will make us safer ' will get revenge by attacks in uk 
bbc news - david cameron says syria action would be in the uk's national interest via 
syria strikes ' will make us safer ' define hw bombing another country makes us safer ! nutjob ! 
says ' petulant ' opposition to action like a ' irresponsible revolutionary bedsit ' 
rt david cameron says syria action would be in the uk's national interest 
david cameron says bombing daesh in syria will make uk safer . isn't this the same thinking with iraq & afghanistan ? 
david cameron making case for syria air strikes on is wasnt that what putin said ? 
david cameron sets out his case for launching uk air strikes against islamic state militants in syria : 
david cameron sets out his case for air strikes against is in syria , telling mps it will reduce the risk of a terror attack in the uk . 

more sharm el sheikh flight cancellations for easyjet .. 
airlines cancel more sharm el-sheikh flights 
airlines cancel sharm el-sheikh flights 
cancels more sharm el-sheikh flights 
this is hard news for diving outfits and live aboards . 
are flights to hurghada still ok ? is it just sharm ? 
ba and easyjet cancel all flights between and the until january 
rt everyday , every story ( almost ) in the news has a common thread . islam/terror . go figure . 
brainlessmuzzos : rt adamaston57 : everyday , every story ( almost ) in the news has a common thread . islam/terror . go … 
bbc it was " excellent news " - but easyjet should have cancelled the flights sooner . 
" the safety and security of our customers will continue to be our top priorities in any decisions we may make . " 
rt british airways cancels flights between egypt's sharm el-sheikh and uk until 14 january 

rt alton towers says smiler rollercoaster to re-open in 2016 after " human error " caused crash 
alton towers smiler ride crash due to 
bbc news - alton towers smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
roller coaster crash investigation blames ' human error ' as hse investigation continues : 
alton towers smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' and to reopen next year 
report that alton towers crash down to human error - 
alton towers blames " human error " for smiler ride accident . does this absolve them of blame ? what were the ... 
smiler crash at alton towers , that seriously injured five people , was caused by human error . 
poor technical communications = amputations for rollercoaster riders . 
industrial safety - need for clear , unambiguous hmi messages : " a ride shutdown message was misunderstood by staff " 
interesting that they've publicly said it was human error , given a critical system could be overridden 
sorry human error is never root cause of accidents , fail-safe systems ? alton towers ride crash due to ' human error ' 
alton towers crash due to ' human e ... via | 
bbc news - smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
alton towers crash due to ' human error ' 
rt human error caused alton towers rollercoaster crash in june that seriously injured five people , uk theme park says http … 
alton towers ride crash not due to human error , is a wider system error , trevor kletz would turn in his grave ... 
merlin group are distancing themselves despite not verifying the system of operation . 
yeah it's been in the news . 
misinterpreted a shutdown message and did the complete opposite . criminal - smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
human error caused alton towers accident , apparently . 
alton towers smiler crash caused by human error . surely a design fault to allow human error to come in to play ? 
well , well well . 
' human error ' caused alton towers crash . 
human error ? lets delve deeper -training maybe or ask why is such a critical system able2b manually overridden ?! 
i think the smiler ride should be demolished as a mark of respect to those who were badly injured . 
staff misunderstood critical safety message in crash 
rt ' human error ' is being blamed for the alton towers crash . but what does ' human error ' mean ? … 
just delivered accident investigation training today hope they went past immediate cause human factors complicated - 
awks ... 
surely a system which lets some chewing gum popping holiday temp override a crash warning has a design error too ? 
rt alton towers smiler crash was caused by " human error " . story still breaking , more news as we get it . … 
thought you may want to see this . if you haven't already :) 
if is the conclusion of this report , then nothing will be learned- alton towers playing the blame game ? 
rt ' human error ' caused crash say the 
so not really human error at all then . poor training or poor design instead - smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 

pm announces defence review . amazing how the no brain politicos who led us into this mess think they can get us out . 
video : pm announces defence and security review - 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of an … top story 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of … 
bbc news - pm announces defence and security review 
david cameron gives details of an additional £12bn of equipment spending , as he outlines the strategic defence and … 
live : pm announces defence and security review via 

easy and amazing ways to make money 
easy and amazing way to make cool money 
bbcbreaking " french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group 
george w . bush revisited ... 
does he want obummer to actually do something ? 
i think that we should flush out all the people in isis/isil that are in our country first . 
wants to meaninglessly drop even more bombs . 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition agains … 
french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group … 
france's retaliation intended to become our war ... indeed hollande invokes isil as threat to " the whole world . " 
here comes 1984 ! 
not contain them , eliminate them period . 
that means you , belize 

rt roads leading to st denis have been blocked , bbc's reports from the scene … 
rt woman who died in saint-denis flat raided by police after formally identified as hasna aitboulahcen https://… 
how parisians are marking one week on from deadly 
rt the police dog killed during the raid was a belgian malinois called diesel . live update at … 
rt germany-netherlands match called off after serious bomb threat , says hanover police chief https://… 
rt 115,000 police and army personnel mobilised to provide security across france … 
rt one person taken in for questioning in belgium as raids linked to suspects end 
rt bbcbreaking : french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group … 
rt french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group … 
rt no explosives found inside hannover stadium , says german interior minister after bomb threat led to evacuation … 
rt ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud involved in 4 of 6 attacks foiled by france - interior minister … 
rt police operation ongoing in saint denis . is at the scene … 
rt they " threw grenades " during police raid says deputy commander … 
rt images coming through of armed police in saint denis suburb - latest on here : https : … 
rt french police raid in follow continuing coverage … 
rt the scene in paris exactly a week on from that killed 130 people 
rt three suspects reported killed , two arrested in ongoing paris police and army raid on apartment in saint denis https://… 
rt " heavy , heavy gunfire " - saint denis residents told to stay indoors , bbc reporter told … 
europe must " act fast , swiftly & amp ; strongly " to defeat terrorism " 
◾️the scene in exactly a week on from that killed 130 people 
rt " it is the entire country that has been attacked " - president hollande … 

knee-jerk react to actions of extremists with war on isil/isis/is/daesh - none of those describe a country ! 
what use ' compelling case ' only after massacres in neighborhood ? 
labour and the snp must to wake up and realise that action is required in syria . we cannot stand on the sidelines . 
fuckin moron 
he means we want to go get rid of assad and we need to do it soon do us a favour and fuck off 
rt ha ha ha , compelling case , just like compelling case of wmd in iraq 
rt the emphasis should not be put upon ' syria ' , but upon ' against is ' . hope ' in few days ' this approach'll be proved https :/ … 
headlines : bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david cameron says " there is a … see more 
top story : bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david cameron says " there is a … see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david c … see more 
top story : linux and open source , bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david ca … see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm da … see more 

for fellow us travelers who may not have heard ... us issues travel alert over terror threats - 
worldwide travel alert 
us issues worldwide travel alert over terror threats 
us issues global travel alert until february . << !? a literally pointless notice . 
rt us state department issues global travel alert - 
rt us issues rare global travel alert over terror threats 
it is with regret that due to world events both in the usa and europe that both mark summers and jerry schilling ... 
us issues worldwide | rt 
rt bbc news - us issues rare global travel alert over terror threats 
country with 994 mass shootings in 1004 days warns its citizens that travelling abroad is dangerous . 
sometimes i wonder . how come this guys are the first to know about impending terrorist attacks ? why create ... 
why is the united state causing world panic . they are the ones always alerting and the first to know about ... 
rt us issues global travel alert for its citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " 
the has issued a worldwide alert for its citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " . 
helpful travel alert for us citizens , essentially travelling anywhere . avoid crowded places - anywhere . utter nonsense 
a reminder . 

winter deaths \'highest since 1999\' 
rt bbc news - winter deaths ' highest since 1999 ' 44000 in the uk more than all the terrorist attacks put together … 
why have the number of deaths in winter been ' the highest since 1999 ' . 
there were an estimated 43,900 excess deaths in england and wales last winter , ' highest since 1999 ' 
heading into the winter with so many at risk , it is shocking we call ourselves a ' civilised ' society 
rt winter deaths last year were highest since 1999 , yet osborne is going to cut public health budget … 
figures released from identify the epidemic as causing severe illness and deaths : 
notably high deaths in the england & wales 2014/15 ( via 
disgraceful what cutbacks by this government are causing total tossers 
winter deaths at highest rate for over a decade - 
43,900 excess winter deaths in england and wales last year 
" flu is serious , causing severe illness and deaths in winter . it is vital that older people , pregnant women and ... 
if anyone you know is cold this winter , tell them to put the heating on eu law states they cannot turn your gas off ! 
appalling levels of excess winter deaths 
even more reason to try and hit the flu targets this year 
winter deaths in people over 75 is at its highest in the uk . please take a moment to check on the elderly near you . 
winter death rates unacceptable . if you are vulnerable/know someone who is & don't know how to get support ? call us ! 
in the uk news : winter [ 2014 ] deaths ' highest since 1999 ' 
there were an estimated 43,900 excess deaths in england and wales last winter , the highest number since 1999 
rt shocking number of uk winter deaths last year . offers vital help to vulnerable people . … 
winter deaths last year ' highest since 1999 ' . mainly in over 75s 
rt 44,000 brits died of cold last winter cameron gives £6bn for climate change in other nations h … 

" it is the entire country that has been attacked " - president hollande 
bbcbreaking : " it is the entire country that has been attacked " - president hollande 

\'hostage situation\' in northern france 
rt the hostage situation in roubaix is not linked to the local authorities say 
hostage situation in northern french town of roubaix 
rt are the cowards hiding here ? on the border ??!! 
bbc news - roubaix hostage situation in northern france ends 
rt hostages held in northern france : hostage situation in french town of roubaix , ... 
hostages freed from gunmen in france 
' hostage situation ' in northern france - bbc news 
rt hostage situation in french town of roubaix , near belgium , with several people hurt by gunshots , media reports say http … 
were these chaps from the religion-of-peace ... or isn't that relevant anymore ? 
rt three armed men take hostages in town of roubaix on border w https :/ … 
bbc news - situation in northern ends 
rt rt the hostage situation in roubaix is not linked to the ... https … 
sorry ... the situation in france was apparently a bungled bank robbery ... still terrorism , but not the same : 
another terrorist attack in france ? i'm so glad that the hostages weren't harmed ! 
france is taking a few hits lately ... hope they get peace soon . 

rt charlie sheen announces he's hiv-positive , to put stop to " barrage of attacks " … 
confirms he is hiv positive - 
rt bbc news - charlie sheen confirms he is hiv positive 
just seen this re charlie sheen . it saddens me that there's still a stigma , but also angry that it's able to spread . 
rt . " charlie sheen confirms he is positive " 
charlie sheen confirms he has hiv 
if charlie sheen becomes the face of hiv will it set back attempts to educate people about it for years ? 
that's how hiv spreads in western world : “ it was " impossible " that he would have passed hiv on to anyone else ” — 
charlie sheen- " i am here to admit that i am hiv positive , " 
sad news , but i wss really shocked when someone said chsrlue sheen had aids after radio news said hiv 
sad news my favourite actor 

argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - 
argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - bbc news 
rt opposition candidate mauricio macri wins argentina presidential election run-off , according to exit polls . … 
opposition ' wins argentina presidency ' - 
argentina conservative ahead in poll 
opposition's is now confirmed winner and new in election results 
kirchenerism ending in argentina 

rt the only " setback " was obama's time in office . rt if you agree 

rt english & french football fans sing french anthem in show of solidarity at wembley … 

rt in first instance deal obvs most important to n ireland rather than political bargaining here- here are the details https://… 
rt deal is reached between the northern ireland parties to resolve current political crisis 
after 10 weeks of talks , a way forward has been agreed on paramilitarism and welfare reform for 
deal agreed to resolve ni crisis 
who has no thumbs and just dispensed a packet of cheese & onion crisps ? this machine 
rt corporation tax cut to 12.5% poorest thrown under a bus well done sinn fein . 
northern ireland political crisis : governments and two largest parties agree deal 
n . ireland ( pop 1.8 m ) given £30m pa for dhp wales ( pop . 3.1 m ) has £22m hit - deal !!! 
bbc news - northern ireland political crisis : governments and two largest parties agree deal 
dup & sinn fein now joined at the hip >> british & irish governments and two largest parties agree deal 
rt ni political deal done i'm pleased indep benefits expert eileen evason to oversee £30m pa to mitigate https :/ … 
thank for your prayers for n ireland 
it is good to hear that there has been a step forward in the stormont agreement . for that we are thankful ! now ... 
rt tax credits compensation in ni deal …. if applied to all uk households at same rate would be worth … 
a ( nother ) deal agreed for there'll be dancing in the streets today no doubt . or something .... 
rt we've got a deal at stormont - a fresh start ? tune into for the details and more on the site … 
rt as terrorism is reluctantly tackled outside the uk here comes more sickening appeasement of the vile ira . 
oh hai ! you'll never guess what - i've just dispensed a packet of prawn cocktail crisps 
in * 2015 * , they've formally agreed not to let illegal militias tell them what to do . 
i wonder who has been stabbed in the back over this ' agreement ' ... tony 
top story : northern ireland political crisis : governments and parties agree dea … see more 
rt today's stormont deal : welfare reform process expected to start this week or next . 
northern ireland political crisis : governments and parties agree deal 
rt new deal agreed - ' a fresh start - the stormont agreement implementation plan ' but no agreement on legacy issues … 
a deal is reached between the british and irish governments and northern ireland's two largest parties ... uk 
oh hai ! you'll never guess what - i've just dispensed a packet of ready salted crisps 
3.2 million to monitor terrorists already in government . taxpayers money !! 
" an important turning point for ni " , says as deal reached to resolve the country's political crisis . 
a new deal , a new set of issues re in northern ireland 
northern ireland talks : british and irish governments and dup and sinn fein agree deal 
check me out - i've just gone and dropped the finest packet of cheese & onion crisps you'll ever taste 
rt deal agreed has £345m for welfare mitigation incl £30m /yr for bedroom tax via … 
rt n . ireland parties & govts agree a deal : another £21m for welfare reforms , incl mitigation for tax credit cuts https://… 

rt changed the game of rugby for the better . what an athlete , just phenomenal . rip jonah lomu . 
rt such a sad loss , a colossus in his sport and inspirational ambassador for those of us with 
all blacks great lomu dies aged 40 
rt all blacks rugby great dies aged 40 , after a long fight with a kidney condition … 
rt bbc sport - new zealand rugby union great dies aged 40 ;( … 
rt jonah lomu - an 18 stone and 6ft 5in try-scoring machine . rugby union remembers a legend . … 
new zealand rugby union legend jonah lomu dies aged 40 . 
jonah lomu : new zealand rugby union great dies aged 40 - 
jonah lomu : new zealand world cup winner dies aged 40 
rt " a legend " - new zealand great and former cardiff blues wing jonah lomu dies aged 40 … 
can't believe has died - so sad . 
rt tributes as new zealand legend and former cardiff blues wing jonah lomu dies aged 40 … 
rt our thoughts are with jonah lomu's family and friends 
new zealand rugby union legend jonah lomu has died aged 40 
rt tributes are being paid to new zealand rugby union great jonah lomu who has died aged 40 . … 
rt an inspiration , a rugby union great , husband & father . some of the jonah lomu tributes : … 
all blacks great lomu dies aged 40 . one of the all time greats . 
rt rugby giant jonah lomu scored 43 tries in 73 matches for new zealand between 1994 & 2002 … 
a sad day for rugby , sports fans and all who loved jonah lomu- a warm hearted giant : new zealand rugby union great 
rt so sad to hear about this , he was such a dominant force in the game . jonah lomu : dies aged 40 
rt our thoughts are with his family and friends on this day - bbc sport - jonah lomu 
rt very sad news about jonah lomu - rip new zealand rugby union great dies aged 40 
so sad a sporting great ! 
rt sporting world in mourning as rugby superstar and all black legend jonah lomu dies aged 40 » htt … 
rt rugby great dies aged 40 , after long fight against kidney condition … 

bombing : us attacked msf clinic ' in error ' 
lousy excuses . $600b budget should be enough to not make stupid deadly mistakes . us attacked msf clinic ' in error ' - 
kunduz bombing : us attacked msf clinic ' in error ' - bbc news via 
' this secret report does not give us confidence that history will not repeat itself ' 
' was us human error ' 
this is just one error that they report . imagine all the rest that gets no coverage . they barely cover anything ... 
rt us military commits war crime . investigates itself . exonerates itself . 
rare , but essential , scrutiny of us military power in this piece on 
rt electronic systems failures & human fatigue added to cause of fatal strike on msf hospital in kunduz - us general https://… 
rt us military personnel have been suspended over strike on msf hospital in kunduz , afghanistan that killed at least 30 https … 
when is a war crime not a war crime ? when its " avoidable human error , compounded by process and equipment failures " 
when is terrorism not terrorism ? when its " avoidable human error , compounded by process and equipment failures " . 
us attacked afghan clinic ' in error ' - | when u.s. military kills civilians , it's blamed on fatigue , not morality 
us admits to bombing doctors without borders clinic , in which 30 civilians died . war crimes inquiry continues . 
a us aircraft attacked a medecins sans frontieres ( msf ) clinic in the afghan city of kunduz because of " human ... 
perpetual warfare is humanity's greatest err driven by gas & gold and cycles of violence & vengeance - 
a " human error " that persisted for an extended period of time , chasing and murdering doctors at a fucking hospital 
211 shells hardly seems like an error . wtd is goin on . swear i saw a fighter jet in the seattle sky last night . 
killing human ' in error' ? you moron u.s.a go f**k yourself ' in error ' 
this is just disgusting misconduct . it's not cod to be accidentally bombing people 
rt kunduz bombing : us claims it attacked msf clinic ' in error ' . our response to this is on its way ... 

explosion on bus carrying presidential guards in tunis kills at least 11 people , tunisian interior ministry says 
rt tunisia president declares state of emergency after explosion on bus carrying presidential guards kills at least 12 https : … 
rt president declares state of emergency after explosion on bus carrying presidential guards kills at least 12 h … 
rt explosion hits bus carrying presidential guards in tunis , tunisian state tv says 
tunisia blast : explosion hits bus carrying presidential guards - 
tunisia bus of presidential guards targeted in blast 
deaths tunisia 25thnov attack group still uncertain 
top security news 
halesdiamonds : rt bbcbreaking : tunisia president declares state of emergency after explosion on bus carrying presi … 
rt president beji caid essebsi has declared a 30-day state of emergency and the capital is under curfew .… 
blast : hits bus carrying presidential guards 
cheap flights to tunisia … … > biggest exporter of jihadis , … 
president beji caid essebsi has declared a 30-day state of emergency and the capital is under curfew . … > uk flights . 

net migration to uk hits record 336,000 
immigration and net migration at record levels . my analysis here : 
rt dannyshawbbc : immigration and net migration at record levels . my analysis here : 
immigration hits the highest ever level in history-if we don't control immigration brits will be a minority 
fuck the eu , get us the fuck out of this mess , same cunts saying let them in saying housing shortage 
so believes airstrikes against syria would be " in the uks national interest " . may i draw his attn to 
we no longer can sustain immigration at this level annually . 
rt immigration to the uk at record 660,000 -net migration at 336,000 = an addition of britains 3rd largest city each year : https://… 
rt record net immigration : 336,000 p.a. is like a new sunderland or reading every year . for border control … 
rt is it still racist to have legitimate concerns about this or have we grown up by now ? 
rt estimated net migration to the uk reached a record level of 336,000 in the year to june , new statistics show … 
spin your way out of this tories 
we really need to eu in/out vote sooner rather than latter and to implement an australia style immigration process 

rt confirmed : bbc is to broadcast to ethiopia and eritrea , but in which languages ? 
bbc world service gets funding boost 
rt bbc pidgin and bbc yoruba coming soon 
bbc world : to launch a nigerian digital service in pidgin and yoruba :-) 
to much britain everywhere good if they just sit here or gi to africa or pacistan with theirs ambitions talks 
justifying this as money well invested would be hilarious 
rt grave mistake for bbc to accept direct govt funding . it was ok when world service was separate . worrying . … 
world service gets funding boost from government 
british government is to invest £85m a year in enhancing bbc services around the world 
war machine confirms propaganda budget - world service gets funding boost from government 
rt any good news about the world service should be good news for the world . 
bbc world service gets £85m per year funding boost from government ; aims to build reach in north korea and africa 
has received a funding boost to expand its world service 
great to see the government giving the bbc world service a big funding boost ... 
. gets funding boost from government , by 
bbc world service : enables many to hear diverse voices and different points of view where domestic media is sterile 
bbc increased funding aimed at countries with a " democracy deficit " including m east russia , n korea and 
bbc's world services funding to be boosted to £85 billion a year from 2017 : 
in democracy crisis nations such as ethiopia , bbc ws gets uk gov't funding approval for program air time 
will renewed funds restore lang services like amazing 2 bulk of ssa only reached by sw ? 
better late than never for uk govt to realise defunding the ws was stupid , i guess : 
a good call from the gov ; will make a gd difference to worldwide democracy should not have been cut in 1stplace tho 
rt 5 years after cutting funding uk govt reinvests in at last realized how valuable it is ? … 
increased funding for we all benefit . 

: " video : paris attacks : news conference " 
live : paris prosecutor delivers press conference on 
a little bit of news , keeping you in the loop . it's what we do ! video : paris attacks : news confe … 
the french prosecutor in charge of the investigation into the paris attacks gives a news conference after the … 

rt uk pm david cameron to set out a " comprehensive strategy " for dealing with islamic state extremists … 
rt uk pm david cameron says " there is a compelling case " for britain to act against is in syria https … 
rt let's remember that in 2013 , cameron wanted to bomb assad's regime , while ally saudia arabia funded and armed isis … 
pm : i will make case for strikes against is in syria 
rt ukiniraq " rt ukagainstisil : . number10gov : have strengthened the case for strikes to be … " 
rt pm : we must do more on is in syria : prime minister david cameron says he will s ... 
rt . : have strengthened the case for strikes to be extended to … 
pm : i will make case for syria strikes 
cameron using paris attacks to re-sell plan for britain bombing in syria 
pm : i will make case for strikes against is in syria - bbc news 
dc getting itchy button fingers , he wants to play and bomb raqqa into rubble . then , bomb the rubble into gravel . 
rt vic minett's here from 10 - should we bomb isis in syria ? call 0345 900 5 200 david cameron wants … 
vic minett's here from 10 - should we bomb isis in syria ? call 0345 900 5 200 david cameron wants mp's to back plans 
on the big phone in today - do you hope your mp votes to bomb isis in syria ? your view at 9am 
rt pm cameron : paris attack strengthens case for strikes against 
rt uk : prime minister david cameron has said parliament will hold a vote on whether or not to bomb in syria . … 
david cameron to set out is strategy 
rt airstrikes in syria won't work , cameron should be acting against muslims in the uk they are a bigger threat … 
mr c get your own act in order first please look who you've let in to the uk - nutters - 
rt desperate for a slice of the pie .. 

rt george osborne scraps cuts to tax credits 
good news about tax credits ,, but only until really takes off . 
over tax credits 
good news in the medium term 
building homes in the uk is now a priority , 400,000 ' affordable homes ' to be built !! 
osborne to unveil homes cash amid cuts 
what is your opinion on the all the latest from the > 
government to pledge £7bn to house building , as george osborne sets out the 
on the phone-in : stephen asks , is the spending review good news for your family ? 
george to pledge cash amid cuts 
rt boost as new receives £7 billion in today's https://… 
don't be fooled by gideon : he didn't listen , he wanted to smash working poor until forced into u-turn 
spending review 2015 : house building cash amid cuts - bbc news 
you wonder if the tax credit saga was a diversion . osborne , ian duncan smith and cameron have no idea how ... 
rt can this be really true ? the chancellor is going to use taxpayers money to pay housebuilders to build market houses ? https … 
rt so if the house of lords hadn't stepped in , millions of people would have suffered needlessly ??? … 
great news for and in not sure can find more efficiency savings tho ' :-/ 
spending review : george osborne scraps cuts to tax credits 
great work on tax credits issue by 
rt what you need to know about george osborne scrapping cuts to tax credits … 
eyyyyyy i still hate him but at least he ain't cuttin them tax credits 
savage cuts and all labour does is quote chairman mao . unbelievable 
rt following we’ll put your questions to our experts . what do you need to know ? h … 
rt bbc news - spending review : george osborne to pledge housing cash amid cuts 
osborne u-turn over tax credit cuts 
the reality is this chancellor is not interested in the people ; it's about the tory party and his leadership | 
this is excellent news 
rt good news -george osborne scraps cuts to tax credits - 
shadow chancellor quotes mao in the house of commons and brandishes little red book " as a joke . " ridiculous . 
osborne u-turn over tax credit cuts why is u-turn the headline and not the policy ? 
- buck up plp & support him 
scrapped tax credtits but still found £12bn savings .. hm good why not do that before ? 
it appears that mr osborne read my article for and acted accordingly ... 
bbc news - u-turn over 
rt good to see cuts to have now been scrapped 
' u-turn ' in the headline . 
rt excellent news on tax credits & police budgets . advocacy works ! " spending review : osborne u-turn on tax credits " … 
good table on govt spending cuts in uk . defence & health are priorities in gcc also 
current affairs : osborne u-turn over tax credit cuts : george osborne does a u-turn on cuts to ... 

' ringleader was near bataclan ' 
belgian police issue picture of mohamed abrini , wanted in connection with 
rt abdelhamid abaaoud was in vicinity of bataclan theatre while police operation was ongoing , says paris prosecutor … 
unwincatherine : rebelready sputnikint aprilritchey … = = 
' ringleader was near bataclan ' … = = french terrorsts 
attacks : ringleader abaaoud ' was near ' bataclan theatre - bbc news : 
rt warrant issued for new paris suspect 
paris attacks : ringleader abaaoud ' was near ' bataclan theatre - 
rt issue picture wanted in connection htt … 
paris attacks : warrant issued for new suspect mohamed abrini - bbc news 

david cameron presents case for syria air strikes to mps - bbc news 
yewwinfo david cameron presents case for syria air strikes to mps - bbc news see more 
video : cameron address to mps on syria strikes 
david cameron makes his case for syria air strikes on is . watch more here : 
david cameron presents his case to the commons for the uk launching air strikes against islamic state militants in … 

easy and amazing way to make cool money 
jesus . 
update : french authorities detain terror suspects . woman blows herself up . 
our thoughts are with everyone affected in any way by these awful events . 
some quick action in retaliation of the 
its time 
when justice will bring to victims of 
good !!! well done ! catch them ! 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : police operation ongoing in saint denis . benbrownbbc is at the … 
police operation ongoing in saint denis . benbrownbbc is at the scene 
police operation ongoing in saint denis . is at the scene 
watch coverage from st denis by 

barclays fined for poor client checks 
bbc news - barclays fined by fca for poor checks on wealthy clients " did not want to inconvenience them " 
barclays fined £72m by fca for poor checks on wealthy clients - 
barclays fined £72m for bad business practices : an appropriate partner for public libraries ? 
elephant in the room . barclays didn’t want to talk about risky jumbo deal ; fined £72m by fca over lack of scrutiny . 
top story from ba1 records times : barclays fined £72m by fca for poor checks on … see more 
top story : barclays fined £72m by fca for poor checks on mega-rich clients - bb … see more 
barclays fine for hyper-minted client transfers : 
barclays fined £72m for failing to properly check very rich clients because it did not want to inconvenience them 
top story : rt barclays fined £72m by fca for poor checks on mega-rich c … see more 
tweet top story : barclays fined £72m by fca for poor checks on mega-rich client … see more 
bbc news - barclays fined £72m by fca for poor checks on wealthy clients 
fines not enough ! barclays fined £72m for poor checks on wealthy clients 
more evidence of how tiny minority of society which happens to be rich is subject to oppression and discrimination . 
giant fined £72m for not doing checks for rich clients because didn't want to inconvenience them 
barclays fined £72m by fca for poor checks on very wealthy clients to avoid inconveniencing them 
fca fine barclays £72 m 
rt barclay's fined £72m for not conducting proper due diligence on peps : 
barclays fined £72m by … what is the impact for individuals involved ? 
wanna do business with this lot ??? nah fanks 
poor from barclays ; failed to conduct proper checks on overseas clients with questionable intentions . money money mo … 

liveentertainment live : 17 november 2015 
three more contestants join i'm a celebrity . 
ryan gosling confirms role in bladerunner 2 . 
hollywood star denzel washington will be honoured at next year's golden globe awards . 
peter andre says he has no chance of winning strictly . 

belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 
rt 19 anti-terror raids were carried out in the brussels region & 3 others in charleroi , belgian prosecutor says … 
brussels lockdown : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
arrests in belgium anti-terror raids 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number arrests to 21 
rt belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
rt detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 https :/ … 
top story : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 
why is it the only people i can speak to on the phone cant give me an answer on a refund for my flight ? 
headline : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 

we've a twitter list of bbc journalists reporting on subscribe here : 
subscribe to our twitter list of bbc journalists covering 
rt want to keep up to date with the 2015 ? subscribe to our twitter list : … 

: extended over ' imminent threat ' - 
obama says paris attacks aren't ' new normal ' . new normal is actually european cities locked down to prevent attacks 
we won't let the terrorists change our way of life , except for maybe having europe's capitals on indefinite lockdown 
rt we won't let terrorists change our way of life , except for maybe having europe's capitals on indefinite lockdown … 
brussels alert to stay at highest level 
“ imminent threat ” 
marshal law in belgium ? here we stand in late 2015 with the capital city of europe , brussels , in its third day ... 
citizens in brussels have been warned off the streets amid fears of a serious and imminent terrorist attack 
' imminent threat ' extends brussels alert 
bloody nightmare =\ 
top story : brussels alert ' stays at highest level ' - bbc news see more 
rt paris attacks : brussels alert stays at highest level 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; brussels alert ' stays at highest level ' - bb … see more 
brussels alert extended over ' imminent threat ' , 16 arrests in belgium fugitive salah abdeslam not among them - bbc 
rt belgian pm says brussels security alert status to stay at highest level 
not to make it sound trivial , but can you really refer to someone who's alive as a suicide bomber ? 
【brussels has been on lockdown all weekend , amid a manhunt for suspected paris attacker salah abdeslam . 】 

conservative wins argentina presidency 
conservative mauricio macri wins argentina presidency 
let's hope macri brings sanity back to argentinian position on falklands & ending kirchner's dangerous rhetoric 
rt bbc news - mauricio wins presidency 
one down , one to go ; ) 
argentina rediscovers a bit of political common sense 
bit of hope for argentina ; can't be any worse than that dreadful de kirchner woman 
conservative mauricio macri wins presidency 
narrowly votes out peronists and opts for centre-right macri as president 
a fresh start for argentina 
i hope that macri's victory will bring prosperity and an end to destructive populism in 
conservative victory bad , but mind-numbing populist bullshit from the other side dug its own grave . 
with macri's victory , argentina inaugurates a new cycle in latin american politics . 
makes a bold move and a positive one ! 
this seems a sound decision . here's hoping that this will bring an end to peronist style populism . i would like to … 
i remember the after first round , crowing how the left wing candidate had won by a ' landslide ' - ooops 
wow ! now heres hoping he diesnt do a menem ... 
change for 
rt top story in questo momento : conservative mauricio macri wins argentina preside … see more http … 

rt if you're not near a telly , it's follow our live page here ” 
rt people " will feel betrayed " deficit isn't eliminated - shadow chancellor … 
rt george osborne promises to put " security first " as he begins delivering … 
rt tax credits u-turn shows " we were not in this together " - shadow chancellor … 
rt more " access to talking therapies " for patients - chancellor … 
one of the outcomes of yesterday's spending review was a 29% funding increase for uk sport : 
rt " now is not the time for further police cuts " says george osborne in … 
rt great news ! gb can " go for gold " in rio & tokyo with 29% funding increase for uk sport 🇬🇧👍 https :/ … 
rt pm to outline case on thursday for uk " going after isil at their headquarters in syria " … 
rt £15m from " tampon tax " to fund women's health charities - chancellor … 
rt george osborne says he has listened to concerns over … 
rt rolling coverage of political developments : nhs funding , trident , ashdown on syria ... bbc politics live - … 
spending review and autumn statement - bbc news 
rt george osborne says “ improved public finances ” means he doesn't need to cut … 
spending review and autumn statement : live 
rt brilliant to hear in that will be supported as part of northern powerhouse . see 13.24 … 
rt the moment john mcdonnell pulled out mao's little red book 
" i'll double the housing budget to £2bn a year " - chancellor 
rt george osborne leaves treasury for commons ahead of live updates : … 
rt uk defence review : - £178bn investment over next 10 years - 2 new " strike brigades " - 9 maritime patrol aircraft https … 
rt pic : labour benches as john mcdonnell delivers response . reaction live : … 
rt john mcdonnell says pulling out chairman mao's book was " a joke " , to make his point " more effective " 
rt spending review and autumn statement 
rt " i'll double the housing budget to 2bn a year " - chancellor 
spending review and autumn statement shows there will be no cuts to tax credits 
rt " get a grip " and " take up yoga , " speaker john bercow tells mp during … 
rt criticise government for scrapping & harming progress . http … 
a big day for the uk's finances - here's all the reaction and info from the spending review 

rt from outset i warned a bomb , not missile , perhaps downed sinai plane now seemingly confirmed https … 
' terror act ' downed russian plane 
rt russia's security chief says a " terror act " brought down russian plane in egypt killing all 224 people on board https :/ … 
russia plane crash : ' terror act ' downed a321 over egypt's sinai ,!!!! 
russia confirmed this week that russian airliner was brought down by ' terrorist act ' 
rt russia steps up attacks on is in syria after saying " act of terror " brought down plane … 
it's official : ' terror act ' downed a321 over egypt's sinai - 
' act of terror ' downed russian plane 
( because let's face it . russia is not the enemy nor are it's people . they are ... 
now says that a ' terror act ' bombing did down their a321 airliner over egypt . likely by 
that useful horrific act that can allow russia to shift its focus to coalition in the making ? 
' terror act ' downed russian plane - bbc news 
rt ' terror act ' downed a321 over egypt's sinai > … … > cheap flights > … … https :/ … 
is have fucked up now ... - 
russia plane crash : ' terror act ' downed a321 over egypt . spreading thin , same mistake hitler made tbh fam smhh 

rt " heavy , heavy gunfire " - saint denis residents told to stay indoors , bbc reporter told … 

rt 19 nationalities among dead in & many under 30 years old - french president https://… 
rt " france is at war " , french president tells rare meeting of houses of parliament , versailles https … 
rt france will intensify operations in syria , where were " decided and planned " , french president says … 
rt bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : france will intensify operations in syria , where were " decided and planned … https : … 

rt president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information 
looks like the only sane politician in america . 
video : obama and hollande news conference : president obama and president hollande … 

british government just pinched a lot of your doctors and flew them to britain 
we'd like to give a warm welcome to the syrian refugees who have arrived in glasgow today ! qassem , who arrived ... 
rt ~ 100 refugees landed in as part of the vulnerable persons relocation scheme : bbc rep … 
rt refugees fleeing & brutality arrived in uk today as part of vpr scheme . the uk welcomes them https … 
refugees flight lands in 
bbc reports warm welcome to refugees landing in as part of the vulnerable persons relocation scheme : 
refugees flight lands in - will the peace of the scottish hebrides be disturbed by call to prayers ? 
rt momentous day | scotland shows the way 
syrian refugee group to arrive in uk via bbc 
fast track , free house and pounds to fund more attacks while the government closes their eyes 
" shopkeeper baljit promises to order special foods for new syrian neighbours " 
~ 100 refugees landed in as part of the vulnerable persons relocation scheme : bbc reports warm welcome 
syrian refugee group set to arrive in uk - bbc news 
i wish all the families that have arrived in scotland warmth safety & security , things we all take for granted ️xx 
the stories behind the syrian refugees and one scottish community waiting their arrival 
scotland welcomes the syrian refugees . although it's cold here , hope your welcome on bute is warm 
is pleased to have organised the first charter arrival of to read more here : 
rt around 100 syrian refugees are due to arrive in the uk today from refugee camps in jordan and lebanon via http … 
no harm to them but seriously the min they walk of the plane they get housing , what about our own that sleep rough ! 
syrian refugees flight lands in i'm glad they've done it discreetly . 
bbc news - syrian refugees arrive in scotland . 0615 
syrian refugee group arrive in uk 
truly welcome . syrian refugees land in 
rt breaking : a flight carrying a group of syrian refugees has touched down at glasgow airport htt … 
gov’t foisting as hundred — then thousands — of ‘ imported at expense … 
from syria to the east end of glasgow . sometimes life ain't fair . 
the first group of syrian refugees have arrived in the uk under the govt's expanded resettlement scheme 
rt syrian refugee group set to arrive in uk - these people are among the 20,000 selected because they need special help … 
been a long day reporting for from the isle of bute , where 15 syrian families will be resettled . 
rt about 100 syrian refugees have landed in uk - the largest group to arrive since the government expanded its scheme https … 

rt germany-netherlands match called off after serious bomb threat , says hanover police chief https://… 

rt images coming through of armed police in saint denis suburb - latest on here : https : … 

rt boy , 15 , from plymouth , charged over cyber attacks on international websites and bomb hoaxes on us airlines - police ht … 
global cyber attacks 
boy , 15 , charged over cyber-attacks 
15 y/o boy from plymouth , uk , charged with attacking websites & making bomb hoaxes to us airlines via social media 
plymouth boy , 15 , charged over global 

paris attacks : police in deadly swoop on apartment in northern suburb - 
police sources say saint denis shooting was connected to hunt for fugitives 
rt heavy shooting heard in northern paris suburb of saint denis during police operation 
paris attacks : heavy shooting heard in northern suburb 
paris attacks : deadly police swoop on apartment in northern suburb 
two die in hunt for ' mastermind ' - 
two die in hunt for paris ' mastermind ' 
rt " heavy shooting heard north of paris : heavy shooting is heard in the northern paris suburb of sai ... … 
rt remarkable john woo-style image from this morning . this is an picture on the bbc site . https :/ … 
paris attacks : police swoop on apartment in northern suburb - 
top story : ' heavy shooting ' heard north of paris - bbc news see more 
rt 2 people killed in paris raid , inc female suspect who blew herself up with suicide belt … 
ah , the word ' mastermind ' again ! let's not feed isis's narrative and glamourise brutish , mindless criminals 
don’t be fooled by depicting ‘ as mothers and children . women are too … 
paris attacks : 2 die in hunt for " mastermind " abaaoud . 
why call these cowards ' masterminds' ? they are far from it , call them what they are ... scum . 
deadly paris raid on attacks suspects 
bbc news - woman blows herself up & a suspect is shot dead during police raid on a flat in paris , seven arrests made 
can't understand why j corbyn wasn't called to talk to them . lives could have been saved . 😞 
rally for peace in brussels district associated with gunmen 
- so does she get 72 virgins too ? islam they tell me is all about equality & empowerment of women . 
4th picture down in this news story - notice the pigeon 
a woman has blown herself up & a suspect shot dead during a raid in a while 7 arrests were made 
rt ' heavy shooting ' heard north of paris during police operation 
paris raid on \'terror boss\': two dead 
soldiers on the streets . 
footballers £30k a day some of them in premiership vs these guys £30k a year . you cant even compare the two . wrong 
all 129 victims of the have been identified , a french government spokesman says 
attacks : 2 suspects die in hunt for ' mastermind ' abaaoud incl female suicide bomber who detonated herself 


rt 19 nationalities among dead in & many under 30 years old - french president https://… 
_rt_ bbcbreaking : 19 nationalities among dead in & many under 30 years old - french president … 

rt russia says warplane shot down by turkish jets in syria did not enter turkish airspace … 
rt shooting down of russian jet will have " serious consequences " for moscow's relations with turkey - vladimir putin https://… 
rt . to hold extraordinary meeting in brussels at turkey's request , after downing of russian jet in syria … 
rt - russian jet shot down in syria - turkey : warnings ignored - russia denies violating airspace latest : … 
rt this is bad news :| 
rt nato to hold extraordinary mtng in brussels at request , after downing of russian jet in … 
21.00 bbc halts coverage of shooting down of russian warplane . … 
you can bet that is at its highest status of alert over nato member shooting down russian warplane .. 
rt top story warplane shot down at syria border with … see more https … 

eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning 
rt eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning htt … 
rt bbcbreaking : eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning … 
rt bbcbreaking : eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mour … 
rt tariqnoorkhan : eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mo … 

happy with how louis van gaal is doing at man utd ? vote here : t&cs 
sportsday - davis cup draw 
what's your view on boss louis van gaal's future ? give your vote on sportsday . 
sportsday - rolling sports news 
happy with how louis van gaal is doing at man utd ? vote here : .… ~ via 
i'm on sportsday today . should louis van gaal stay or go ? have your say by voting for one of the options : 
arsenal news conference starting soon . follow here : 
world cup 2014 - cookies on the bbc website - bbc sport 
russia accepts suspension from international athletics competitions after report alleged doping offences - iaaf 

robinson to step down ' within weeks ' 
peter robinson : northern ireland first minister says the time is right to quit 
sure he can piss up his nama money on hols now . peter robinson : ni first minister says the time is right to quit - 
peter robinson : northern ireland first minister to quit within weeks - 
robinson says the time is right to quit ... 
northern ireland first minister says the time is right to quit another step forward to ireland independence . 
bbc news - northern ireland first minister says the time is right to quit 
so long , stinky pete . i cling to the faint hope that your successor is a better human being than you are . 
peter robinson : ni first minister set to quit within weeks ... 
rt bbc news - peter robinson : northern ireland first minister says time is right to quit - here's to … 
bbc news - peter robinson : northern ireland first minister says time is right to quit - here's to you mr robinson 
i would be pleased about this if i wasn't so sure that we'll just be exchanging kang for kodos . 
drinking tonight . 🎉 
rt good riddance to peter ( the punt ) robinson . he has seriously damaged unionism lundy ht … 
rt peter robinson stepping down to spend more time with iris 
rt peter robinson : ni first minister set to retire from politics 
now his wing man has moved to scotland he can't go on- 
better late than never , peter ... 
it's probably wishful thinking but maybe progress will be able to be made now .... nah , doubt it 😢 - 
on a purely non-political note , i’m not surprised by this : 
rt peter robinson announces he will quit northern irish politics within weeks 
meaning the successors will be arlene foster or nigel dodds ... dear oh dear ... 
must have got that house in america , ole arlene weres the boots now . 

david cameron holding talks with french president hollande 
david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande - bbc news 
david cameron : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
world united in terror fight - cameron 
in uk interest : pm only in dave's tory interest .. we're safer if we leave middle east alone . 
cameron view : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - rest of the world fighting daesh 
christmas cancelled peace to all men put on hold - world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' 
pm holding talks with french president 
we will never defeat is it's one of the most commonly used words ! seriously tho call them daesh , not a ' state ' 
i dunno man , it doesnt seem like bombs and guns will actually stop them , and will probably help their cause ? 
pm to hold talks with french president 
rt prime minister to told talks with francois hollande on c o-o peration against isil . 
cameron and hollande meet in paris to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
if the ' world ' was united , we wouldn't be fighting 
top story : get your tank refill now david cameron to hold talks with french pre … see more 
[ news botfeed top story ] david cameron to hold talks with french president holl … see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; david cameron to hold talks with french pres … see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : david cameron to hold talks with french … see more 
david cameron : uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - bbc news 
top story david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande … see more 

