arrives in conflict-wracked car 
pope seeks change in conflict zone car 
rt big crowds welcome pope francis to the central african republic 
- in conflict zone - seeks ' new chapter ' 
- in conflict zone car - seeks ' new chapter ' - 
rt pope francis - in conflict zone car - seeks ' new chapter ' 
bbc news - pope francis - in conflict zone car - seeks ' new chapter ' 
rt arrives in conflict-wracked car 
top story : pope francis heads to conflict-wracked car after uganda - bbc news see more 
pope - in conflict zone car - seeks ' new chapter ' 
thanks for the coverage . 
pope francis in bangui calls for unity & to avoid " the temptation of fear of others " 
pope francis seeks ' new chapter ' on visit to recently wracked by renewed violence 
pope francis arrives in conflict zone car after uganda - bbc news 

rt tories will not do anything about turk/saudi funding of is & bombing alone will only make this mess worse https :/ … 
turkey downs near syria-turkey border : ( vine by 
rt turkish military officials say russian warplane shot down after warnings it was violating airspace 
rt is there a clause in the nato charter that suspends a country's membership for doing something really stupid ? … 
turkey ' down russian warplane on syria border ' 
guess it was only a matter of time 
turkey ' shoots down russian warplane on syria border ' 
turkey ' down russian warplane on syria border ' - bbc news 
turkey ' downs russian warplane on syria border ' - bbc news 
retweeted bbc breaking news ( turkish military officials say russian warplane shot down after ... 
turks ' downed russia warplane in syria ' 
' warplane shot down in syria ' by turks - bbc news 
rt syria border region where turkey has reportedly shot down a russian military aircraft https://… 
rt ' downs russian warplane on border ' life feels like being in a bad thriller 
top skydiving link of the day : 
rt turkey ' shoots down warplane on syria border ' - 
rt turkey shoots down russian jet over syrian airspace ... 
rt as ww3 gets a step closer , in westminster labour's career politicians vote for corporal cameron's lies . … 
rt turkey shoots down russian jet . wwiii in 5 , 4 , 3 ,....... 
rt ' shoots down warplane on syria border ' 
hey , no problem .... let's send 100,000 troops into the middle of this mess ! on one hand , the turks are justified ... 
rt turkey ' downs russian warplane on syria border ' 
rt that'll help : " turks ' downed russia warplane in 
rt bbc news - ' warplane shot down in syria ' by turks 
this is getting scary now . 

rt charlie sheen announces he's hiv-positive , to put stop to " barrage of attacks " … 

mali attack : rocket kills three at un base 
deadly rocket attack hits un mali base 
i'm still safe . woke up to a call about this and ordered the medevac for the critically wounded . 
mali attack : terrorist launch another attackat un base at kidal 

germany friendly called off 

in october , rpi fell to 0.7% from 0.8% in september . meanwhile , cpi remained at - 0.1% 
rt the ons report on prices falling by 14% on an annual basis 
uk inflation rate remains negative in october 
. has announced that the uk’s inflation rate remained at 0.1% this october . 

rt french police want help to identify man they believe was suicide bomber at stade de france https :/ … 

bbc news channel 
watch on channel at 18:45 gmt for all the latest from the 
watch on bbcnews channel at 18:45 gmt for all the latest from the 
watch on channel at 18:45 gmt … ~ via 
watch on the channel 18:45 gmt for all the latest from the 
watch on the bbcnews channel 18:45 gmt for all the latest from the 
watch on the channel 18:45 … ~ via 
jeremy corbyn : will air strikes in syria make uk safer ? more now on the channel 
how do i remove the image of corbyn from my opening screen for bbc live ? 
tune into now , is on discussing is and hunting season 
the legendary talks to at 1745 on the channel - watch it on tv or streamed here : 
britain's most-watched news channel , delivering breaking news and analysis all day , every day . 
rt french interior minister makes statement after suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud confirmed dead https : … 


world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says " 
world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says … via 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live … see more 
residents & told us what life in lockdown is like 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live updates - bbc news see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - … see more 
paris attacks : 21 arrests in belgium - live updates 
brussels in lockdown the latest on the hunt for salah abdeslam from 
bbc news : summary unavailable 
16 people arrested in belgium . it is so far unconfirmed how many of them were cats 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium . follow live updates here : 
live updates on - 

rt coming up ... watch lord coe's news conference live from monaco here : 
lord coe has announced that he has ended his ambassadorial role with nike . 
rt happy , louis ? poll shows fans want boss to stay till end of season . htt … 
rt arsenal news conference starting soon . follow here : 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : louis van gaal , champions league , premi … see more 
top story : louis van gaal , champions league , premier league news - bbc sport see more 
rt happy with how louis van gaal is doing at man utd ? vote here : t&cs … 

tutorial on monday : russia and drugs . what if the trust goes out of sport ? 
rt russia ruled in breach of doping code : six countries , including russia , are ruled " non-compliant " with the wor ... https : … 

rt english & french football fans sing french anthem in show of solidarity at wembley … 

rt the face of ugly convert 4a quieter and peaceful life !!! who would want2b muslim now ?! http … 
rt woman who died in saint-denis flat raided by police after formally identified as hasna aitboulahcen https://… 
how parisians are marking one week on from deadly 
rt roads leading to st denis have been blocked , bbc's reports from the scene … 
rt the police dog killed during the raid was a belgian malinois called diesel . live update at … 
rt germany-netherlands match called off after serious bomb threat , says hanover police chief https://… 
rt 115,000 police and army personnel mobilised to provide security across france … 
rt one person taken in for questioning in belgium as raids linked to suspects end 
rt bbcbreaking : french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group … 
rt french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group … 
rt no explosives found inside hannover stadium , says german interior minister after bomb threat led to evacuation … 
rt ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud involved in 4 of 6 attacks foiled by france - interior minister … 
rt police operation ongoing in saint denis . is at the scene … 
rt they " threw grenades " during police raid says deputy commander … 
rt images coming through of armed police in saint denis suburb - latest on here : https : … 
rt french police raid in follow continuing coverage … 
rt the scene in paris exactly a week on from that killed 130 people 
rt " heavy , heavy gunfire " - saint denis residents told to stay indoors , bbc reporter told … 


rt creating a culture of fear and anxiety in a time of year that should be characterized by compassion & gratitude https://… 
worldwide travel alert 
for fellow us travelers who may not have heard ... us issues travel alert over terror threats - 
us issues worldwide travel alert over terror threats 
us issues global travel alert until february . << !? a literally pointless notice . 
rt us state department issues global travel alert - 
rt us issues rare global travel alert over terror threats 
it is with regret that due to world events both in the usa and europe that both mark summers and jerry schilling ... 
us issues worldwide | rt 
rt bbc news - us issues rare global travel alert over terror threats 
country with 994 mass shootings in 1004 days warns its citizens that travelling abroad is dangerous . 
sometimes i wonder . how come this guys are the first to know about impending terrorist attacks ? why create ... 
why is the united state causing world panic . they are the ones always alerting and the first to know about ... 
rt us issues global travel alert for its citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " 
the has issued a worldwide alert for its citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " . 
helpful travel alert for us citizens , essentially travelling anywhere . avoid crowded places - anywhere . utter nonsense 
a reminder . 

get the latest on rallies taking place across the world ahead of here : 
rt police in paris fire tear gas into a crowd of protesters at ahead of … 
rt our paper's page 1 lead : cop21 live : marches on eve of paris summit - bbc news see more https … 
gt t latest on rallies taking place across t world ahead of v 
mother nature advices : cop21 live : marches on eve of paris summit - bbc news see more 
top story : cop21 live : marches on eve of paris summit - bbc news see more 
paris police arrest about 100 people after clashes break out at protest ahead of climate change summit 

shadow cabinet seek to defuse jeremy corbyn syria row 
shadow cabinet seek to defuse jeremy corbyn syria row - bbc news 
president hollande urges uk politicians to back david cameron on air strikes in syria 
rt shadow cabinet seek to defuse jeremy corbyn syria row 
" ... the disfigured britain labour party finds itself in an almighty mess . the leader jeremy ... 
labour seeks way out of syria row 
rt french president francois hollande urges british lawmakers at malta meeting to back prime minister cameron's call … https … 

bbc week : osborne u-turn over tax credit cuts 
osborne to unveil homes cash amid cuts 
over tax credits 
rt george osborne pledges housing cash money for rich developers to destroy the countryside to ho … 
spending review 2015 : house building cash amid cuts - bbc news 
rt great news for families that plans to cut tax credits will not be going ahead 
rt spending review : george osborne u-turn over tax credits 
breaking news - and it is the bbc coming out from the shadows . the great news is that us activists , operating ... 
rt george osborne scraps cuts to tax credits 
is it possible george osborne has gained a moral compass ? long may your u-turns continue 
chancellor to pledge almost £7bn for housebuilding , with more than 400k " affordable homes " to be built in england . 
good news about tax credits ,, but only until really takes off . 
rt the what do we expect ? 
good news in the medium term 
building homes in the uk is now a priority , 400,000 ' affordable homes ' to be built !! 
what is your opinion on the all the latest from the > 
government to pledge £7bn to house building , as george osborne sets out the 
on the phone-in : stephen asks , is the spending review good news for your family ? 
george to pledge cash amid cuts 
rt boost as new receives £7 billion in today's https://… 
don't be fooled by gideon : he didn't listen , he wanted to smash working poor until forced into u-turn 
you wonder if the tax credit saga was a diversion . osborne , ian duncan smith and cameron have no idea how ... 
rt can this be really true ? the chancellor is going to use taxpayers money to pay housebuilders to build market houses ? https … 
rt so if the house of lords hadn't stepped in , millions of people would have suffered needlessly ??? … 
great news for and in not sure can find more efficiency savings tho ' :-/ 
spending review : george osborne scraps cuts to tax credits 
great work on tax credits issue by 
rt what you need to know about george osborne scrapping cuts to tax credits … 
eyyyyyy i still hate him but at least he ain't cuttin them tax credits 
savage cuts and all labour does is quote chairman mao . unbelievable 
rt following we’ll put your questions to our experts . what do you need to know ? h … 
rt bbc news - spending review : george osborne to pledge housing cash amid cuts 
osborne u-turn over tax credit cuts : george osborne does a u-turn on cuts to tax credits and vows to ... 
the reality is this chancellor is not interested in the people ; it's about the tory party and his leadership | 
this is excellent news 
rt good news -george osborne scraps cuts to tax credits - 
shadow chancellor quotes mao in the house of commons and brandishes little red book " as a joke . " ridiculous . 
osborne u-turn over tax credit cuts why is u-turn the headline and not the policy ? 
- buck up plp & support him 
scrapped tax credtits but still found £12bn savings .. hm good why not do that before ? 
it appears that mr osborne read my article for and acted accordingly ... 
bbc news - u-turn over 
rt good to see cuts to have now been scrapped 
' u-turn ' in the headline . 

rallies around the world demand action 
rallies call for paris climate change action 
there is hope yet ... thousands join protests across the globe . solidarity 
bbc news - rallies call for paris climate change action 
cop21 : call for change 
rallies call for climate change action 
global rallies demand climate action 
bbcworld : rallies around the world demand action 
hundreds of thousands of people are marching worldwide to demand action to stop climate change 
rt global call for ahead of summit : https://… 
president hollande condemns " scandalous " protesters who clashed with police in areas set aside for paris memorials 
demonstrations take place worldwide to demand action to stop climate change , but a protest in paris is hit by violence , with tear gas fired and 100 arrested . 

barclays fined £72m by fca for poor checks on wealthy clients - 
rt barclays fined £72m by fca for poor checks on wealthy clients 
rt barclays fined £72m by … what is the impact for individuals involved ? 
fined £72m by for failing customer due diligence on wealthy clients . hey ! 
bbc news - barclays fined £72m by fca for poor checks on wealthy clients 
the walls of the egoic , archaic financial industry are beginning to crumble . the more every individual seeks the ... 
barclays fined for poor client checks 
barclays fined £72m for poor checks on wealthy clients checks missing 2 on fast transfers by banks 
barclays fined £72m for lack of checks 
' elephant deal ' costs £72m from the for poor checks of 
barclays fined £72m by fca for failing to carry out anti-money laundering checks on wealthy clients - bbc news - 
the dire consequences of poor customer due diligence has resulted in a £72 million fine for 
everything you need to know about banking , right here : 
bbc news barclays fined £72m for inadequate checks on wealthy clients because it did not want to inconvenience them 
barclays fined £72m . the banks are at it again . who are the " politically exposed " clients ? what are they hiding ? 
how can this be ? who's checking the kyc and aml stuff periodically ? 
barclays and potts worse than fifa 
barclays fined £72m for inadequate checks on wealthy clients cos it didn't want to inconvenience them 
barclays fined £72m by fca for poor checks on mega-rich clients - bbc news 
. didn't run proper checks on wealthy clients - " it did not want to inconvenience them " and so it goes on 
barclays fined £72 million 
no excuses . have armies of ppl to handle such requests fined £72m for poor client checks 
. fined for poor client checks you cheeky fucks 
a big round of applause for barclays for racking up a £72m fine in its dealing with wealth clients . 
bbc news - barclays fined by fca for poor checks on wealthy clients " did not want to inconvenience them " 
rt barclays fined £72m for bad business practices : an appropriate partner for public libraries ? http … 

two held over mali hotel attack 
mali hotel attack in bamako : two held - bbc news 
two suspects have been arrested in connection with an attack on the radisson blu hotel ... 

rt jeremy corbyn just doesn't care about the security of britain - he isn't fit to lead labour yet alone the country : https://… 
rt corbyn ' cannot support uk air strikes in syria ' more than happy to support hamas and the ira . wha … 
corbyn \'cannot support air strikes\' 
jeremy corbyn ' cannot support uk air strikes in syria ' 
rt jeremy corbyn's letter to labour mps saying he can't support air strikes on is in syria … 
rt the labour party have a big blunder making corbin leader jeremy corbyn ' cannot support uk air strikes in syria ' - … 
rt this is just awful 
rt thank goodness jeremy corbyn wasn't opposition leader in the 40s , he would have let hitler sweep across the uk . … 
bbc news - jeremy corbyn ' cannot support uk air strikes in syria ' 
rt bbc news - jeremy corbyn ' cannot support uk air strikes in syria ' once again backs t … 
rt jeremy corbyn ' cannot support uk air strikes in syria ' 
a senior shadow cabinet member told me this was a great article by must be true then 
media trumpets doooomed because corbyn doesn't back bombing . what he actually said ( last bit ): 
in fact militarism is necessary in europe today because of the want of an effective moral force . but militarism lead … 
jc the best person in charge of the labour party for 70 years 
strange state of affairs where bbc do a meticulous job of holding the opposition to account , but not those in power . 
" proposal for air strikes in syria will protect our security and therefore cannot support it " 
i'm opposed to violence , but i'd like to know what the alternative is , jezza . 
he can just about support his own body weight let alone this !! mans a deluded fool 

syria : " we would like to have vote for military action " - michael fallon tells andrew 
corbyn very impressive on point the electorate in that direction 
rt jeremy corbyn and michael fallon will be on the andrew show on updates here : … 
recap : labour and uk syria debate - bbc news see more 
rt jeremy corbyn tells no decision yet on giving labour mps free vote on syria : … 
rt syria : " we would like to have vote for military action " - michael fallon tells andrew https :/ … 
rt uk government does not yet have the votes to allow syria air strikes , defence secretary michael fallon says … 
top recap : labour and uk syria debate - bbc news see more 
coverage biased + incompetent : yestdy politics summary 5 labour items nowt on shapps ! 
rt defence secretary michael fallon on - 
david cameron puts case for uk syria air strikes - bbc news 

rt 19 nationalities among dead in & many under 30 years old - french president https://… 


pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal to create drugs giant 
- pharmaceuticals companies struggle to cope with patents on a number of major drugs expiring 
rt there's a joke in here somewhere - makers of viagra and botox get together as pfizer seals £106bn allergan deal … 
.. very sceptical of self-serving 👎🏾 seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant 
puck off 
pfizer seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant - via 
pfizer and allergan $160 billion deal sealed to create drugs giant 
seals $160bn allergan - bbc 
this is an interesting inversion deal ! which will create new opportunities for all employees . i have been working … 
pfizer made history by investing in the largest deal ever for £106bn . . 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan takeover 
rt pfizer seals $160bn allergan takeover 
bbc news : pfizer seals $160bn allergan inversion takeover to offshore the profits , pay half the taxes 
pfizer seals 60bn allergan takeover 
rt pfizer seals $160bn deal to buy allergan . relocating hq to dublin will see pfizer tax bill lowered from 35% to 12.5% … 
ireland deal for international business , pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal change of hq address soon ? 
say it hillary , these companies setting up in low population countries with low tax rates , rips us off , us and uk . 
inv€r$ion seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant 
mib - example of m&a with tax advantage 
blindin ' tax dodge 
pfizer one step closer to world domination 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal - trap for a life time won't even come close to a % of this wake up people 

rt president francois hollande addresses french mayors . watch live … 

rt the uk should have a referendum on reintroducing the death penalty i would certainly vote for it 
kayleigh family \'devastated\' by find 
kayleigh haywood : family ' devastated ' after body is found 
rt kayleigh search police find body : police searching for missing 15-year-old kayleigh haywood say they have foun ... https : … 
kayleigh haywood search police find body 

rt french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament … 

belgium charges man over paris attacks 
rt belgium charges man over paris attacks 
belgium charges fourth suspect with role 
paris attacks : belgium charges man with role in assaults 
attacks : charges fourth suspect with role . 
another mohammed & hamza charged with aiding & abetting salah 
rt charges man over paris attacks 
belgium charges fourth suspect with role in paris attack- 
archiving 
“ belgium charges fourth suspect with role ” 
rt belgium charges fourth suspect with role 

rt russia & france agree to exchange intelligence & step up air strikes against is 
russia ' plans against turkey ' 
russia plans sanctions against turkey 
rt france joins russia in protecting assad's pro-iran government 
so when one of your jets gets shot down you block on military communications with the country that did it ! 
rt russia ' plans sanctions ' against turkey over jet downing so should the rest of the world isis backward country … 
& agree to exchange intelligence & step up air strikes against 

rt french president due to address both houses of parliament in versailles . watch live : … 

rt islamic state group is " threatening the whole world " - president hollande … 

turkey warns russia not to ' play with fire ' over downed jet - 
of words over jet 
rt turkey's president erdogan says president putin should not " play with fire " in dispute over downing of russian jet https :/ … 
well .... " turkey warns russia not to " play with fire " over downed jet " 
when said " no apology " , it was like when marko said " good luck . " <->" marko is f*cked ! " -> 
rt turkey violated greek airspace 2,244 times >> ankara did not need to say sorry . … … 
warns not to " >>> 
turkey ' will work ' to calm tension over downed russian jet - bbc news 
rt " the war of words between the two strong men of the east shows no sign of abating " 
il est 10h 52m et 57s , turkey warns russia not to ' play with fire ' over downed jet - ... 
we are nato ; turkey warns russia not to ' play with fire ' over downed jet 
" turkey warns russia not to " play with fire " over downed jet " lool 
rt turkey's president erdogan says president putin should not " play with fire " in dispute over downing of russian jet htt … 
rt erdogan warns putin not to ' play with fire ' over downed jet . ummm ? this is a bit like a goat challenging a bear . … 

rt from outset i warned a bomb , not missile , perhaps downed sinai plane now seemingly confirmed https … 
rt bbc news - ' terror act ' downed russian plane 

rt images coming through of armed police in saint denis suburb - latest on here : https : … 

rt french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament … 
rt death toll from remains at 129 , hospital officials say , correcting reports of 3 further deaths … 
rt eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning https … 
rt eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning https : … 
rt french police release photo of abdeslam salah , man sought in connection with https :/ … 
rt several weapons found in abandoned car in paris suburb , supporting theory that some gunmen escaped … 
rt mumbai shows solidarity , lighting up its main railway station - 
rt eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning htt … 
rt europe falls silent for one minute to remember victims of the 
rt french police say main suspect salah abdeslam is on the run and " dangerous " … 
rt france launches massive airstrikes in syria , attacking the is stronghold of raqqa … 
rt bells of notre dame cathedral toll ahead of memorial service for victims of https://… 

rt alton towers says smiler rollercoaster to re-open in 2016 after " human error " caused crash 
the smiler to re-open at june 2nd will forever be a dark day , glad it isn't being shut down though . 
alton towers smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
rollercoaster firm blames severe injuries on manual restart error but hse probe continues 
rt ' human error ' is being blamed for the alton towers crash . but what does ' human error ' mean ? … 
rt how disappointing to see headlines like this , ' human error ' is meaningless and unhelpful 
roller coaster crash investigation blames ' human error ' as hse investigation continues : 
report that alton towers crash down to human error - 
alton towers blames " human error " for smiler ride accident . does this absolve them of blame ? what were the ... 
rt smiler crash at alton towers , that seriously injured five people , was caused by human error . https … 
poor technical communications = amputations for rollercoaster riders . 
industrial safety - need for clear , unambiguous hmi messages : " a ride shutdown message was misunderstood by staff " 
interesting that they've publicly said it was human error , given a critical system could be overridden 
sorry human error is never root cause of accidents , fail-safe systems ? alton towers ride crash due to ' human error ' 
alton towers crash due to ' human e ... via | 
bbc news - smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
alton towers crash due to ' human error ' 
rt human error caused alton towers rollercoaster crash in june that seriously injured five people , uk theme park says http … 
alton towers ride crash not due to human error , is a wider system error , trevor kletz would turn in his grave ... 
merlin group are distancing themselves despite not verifying the system of operation . 
yeah it's been in the news . 
misinterpreted a shutdown message and did the complete opposite . criminal - smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
human error caused alton towers accident , apparently . 
alton towers smiler crash caused by human error . surely a design fault to allow human error to come in to play ? 
well , well well . 
\'human error\' caused alton towers crash 
human error ? lets delve deeper -training maybe or ask why is such a critical system able2b manually overridden ?! 
i think the smiler ride should be demolished as a mark of respect to those who were badly injured . 
staff misunderstood critical safety message in crash 
just delivered accident investigation training today hope they went past immediate cause human factors complicated - 
awks ... 


rt in first instance deal obvs most important to n ireland rather than political bargaining here- here are the details https://… 

argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - 
argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - bbc news 
rt opposition candidate mauricio macri wins argentina presidential election run-off , according to exit polls . … 
opposition ' wins argentina presidency ' - 
argentina conservative ahead in poll 
opposition's is now confirmed winner and new in election results 
kirchenerism ending in argentina 

rt the only " setback " was obama's time in office . rt if you agree 

" new zealand rugby union legend jonah lomu has died aged 40 " 
rt changed the game of rugby for the better . what an athlete , just phenomenal . rip jonah lomu . 
rt such a sad loss , a colossus in his sport and inspirational ambassador for those of us with 
rt all blacks great lomu dies aged 40 : new zealand rugby union great jonah lomu di ... 
rt all blacks rugby great dies aged 40 , after a long fight with a kidney condition … 
rt bbc sport - new zealand rugby union great dies aged 40 ;( … 
rt jonah lomu - an 18 stone and 6ft 5in try-scoring machine . rugby union remembers a legend . … 
rt jonah lomu : new zealand rugby union great dies aged 40 

explosion on bus carrying presidential guards in tunis kills at least 11 people , tunisian interior ministry says 
rt world news online : blast hits state security bus in tunis : an explosion has hit a bus carryi ... 
rt blast hits state security bus in tunis : an explosion has hit a bus carrying presidential guards in tunisia's c ... … 
rt tunisia president declares state of emergency after explosion on bus carrying presidential guards kills at least 12 https : … 
rt president declares state of emergency after explosion on bus carrying presidential guards kills at least 12 h … 
rt explosion hits bus carrying presidential guards in tunis , tunisian state tv says 
tunisia blast : explosion hits bus carrying presidential guards - 
tunisia bus of presidential guards targeted in blast 
deaths tunisia 25thnov attack group still uncertain 
top security news 
halesdiamonds : rt bbcbreaking : tunisia president declares state of emergency after explosion on bus carrying presi … 
rt president beji caid essebsi has declared a 30-day state of emergency and the capital is under curfew .… 
blast : hits bus carrying presidential guards 
rt cheap flights to tunisia … … > biggest exporter of jihadis , … 

bbc world service gets funding boost 
one of the most important parts of the british : world gets more money . soft power is important . 
rt confirmed : bbc is to broadcast to ethiopia and eritrea , but in which languages ? 
rt bbc pidgin and bbc yoruba coming soon 
bbc world : to launch a nigerian digital service in pidgin and yoruba :-) 
justifying this as money well invested would be hilarious 
rt grave mistake for bbc to accept direct govt funding . it was ok when world service was separate . worrying . … 
rt world service gets funding boost from government via 
british government is to invest £85m a year in enhancing bbc services around the world 
war machine confirms propaganda budget - world service gets funding boost from government 
rt any good news about the world service should be good news for the world . 
bbc world service gets £85m per year funding boost from government ; aims to build reach in north korea and africa 
has received a funding boost to expand its world service 
great to see the government giving the bbc world service a big funding boost ... 
. gets funding boost from government , by 
bbc world service : enables many to hear diverse voices and different points of view where domestic media is sterile 
bbc increased funding aimed at countries with a " democracy deficit " including m east russia , n korea and 
bbc's world services funding to be boosted to £85 billion a year from 2017 : 
in democracy crisis nations such as ethiopia , bbc ws gets uk gov't funding approval for program air time 
will renewed funds restore lang services like amazing 2 bulk of ssa only reached by sw ? 
better late than never for uk govt to realise defunding the ws was stupid , i guess : 
a good call from the gov ; will make a gd difference to worldwide democracy should not have been cut in 1stplace tho 


uk bomb plotter sentenced to 40 years in us jail - bbc news 
international bomb plotter jailed in us 
jailed for 40 years 
international bomb jailed in looks suspicious . good riddance . not to be released period . bye bye . 
rt uk bomb plotter jailed for 40 years : a pakistani man extradited from the uk to ... … 
abid naseer jailed for 40 years in us spies in wigs & a judge calling him a terrorist , farce not justice 
man plotting manchester bombing jailed in us 
patience can be a virtue when it comes to policing . 
pakistani muslim " exploited uk visa system " to plan multiple terror attacks 
rt thankyou american friends ! 👍👏 good job . 
rt bbc news - uk bomb plotter sentenced to 40 years in us jail 
a pakistani man extradited from the uk to the us is sentenced to 40 years in jail for plotting attacks in ... 
it - persons : top stories of the day ; international bomb plotter jailed for 40 … see more 
may cowboy justice prevail and international bomb plotter abid naseer rot for 40 years in a jail 

belgian police issue picture of mohamed abrini , wanted in connection with 
rt ' ringleader near bataclan ' … … = french terrorists 
' ringleader was near bataclan ' 
rt abdelhamid abaaoud was in vicinity of bataclan theatre while police operation was ongoing , says paris prosecutor … 
unwincatherine : rebelready sputnikint aprilritchey … = = 
' ringleader was near bataclan ' … = = french terrorsts 
attacks : ringleader abaaoud ' was near ' bataclan theatre - bbc news : 
rt warrant issued for new paris suspect 
paris attacks : ringleader abaaoud ' was near ' bataclan theatre - 
rt issue picture wanted in connection htt … 
paris attacks : warrant issued for new suspect mohamed abrini - bbc news 

rt this is bad news :| 
rt - russian jet shot down in syria - turkey : warnings ignored - russia denies violating airspace latest : … 
rt . to hold extraordinary meeting in brussels at turkey's request , after downing of russian jet in syria … 
rt russia says warplane shot down by turkish jets in syria did not enter turkish airspace … 
rt shooting down of russian jet will have " serious consequences " for moscow's relations with turkey - vladimir putin https://… 
rt nato to hold extraordinary mtng in brussels at request , after downing of russian jet in … 
21.00 bbc halts coverage of shooting down of russian warplane . … 
you can bet that is at its highest status of alert over nato member shooting down russian warplane .. 

robinson to step down ' within weeks ' 

rt " heavy , heavy gunfire " - saint denis residents told to stay indoors , bbc reporter told … 

rt germany-netherlands match called off after serious bomb threat , says hanover police chief https://… 

bbc news - paris attacks : police in deadly swoop on apartment in northern suburb 
rt police sources say saint denis shooting was connected to hunt for fugitives 
paris attacks : heavy shooting heard in northern suburb 

rt us destroy msf hospital afghanistan & yemen w pinpoint accuracy - currently re-thinking syria strat … 
rt us military personnel have been suspended over strike on msf hospital in kunduz , afghanistan that killed at least 30 https … 
rt kunduz bombing : us attacked msf clinic ' in error ' what a serious mistake ! 
' a perfect storm of errors at every level ' : us bombed msf hospital in afghanistan , killed 30 
bbc news - kunduz bombing : us attacked msf clinic ' in error ' 
rt electronic systems failures & human fatigue added to cause of fatal strike on msf hospital in kunduz - us general https://… 
rt ' this secret report does not give us confidence that history will not repeat itself ' 
the us has admitted that the msf hospital in kunduz was attacked ' in error ' 
bbc news - bombing : us attacked msf clinic ' in error ' precision bombing 
rt rare , but essential , scrutiny of us military power in this piece on … 
kunduz bombing : us attacked msf clinic ' in error ' - bbc news 
a tragic example of why bombing campaigns can be a terrible idea kunduz bombing : us attacked msf clinic ' in error ' - 
rt kunduz bombing : us claims it attacked msf clinic ' in error ' . our response to this is on its way ... 
us destroy msf hospital afghanistan & yemen w pinpoint accuracy - currently re-thinking syria strategy keep up dave 
rt us military commits war crime . investigates itself . exonerates itself . 
airstrikes , problematic ? research shows ensuing civilian deaths strengthen groups like isis 
' was us human error ' 
report states hospital attack was the result of human error ; msf calls attack “ gross negligence ” 


pm announces defence review . amazing how the no brain politicos who led us into this mess think they can get us out . 
video : pm announces defence and security review - 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of an … top story 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of … 
bbc news - pm announces defence and security review 
david cameron gives details of an additional £12bn of equipment spending , as he outlines the strategic defence and … 
live : pm announces defence and security review via 

if you're just coming home ... you've missed a historic day in the 
massive respect for commiserating belgian team , as he led gb to davis cup win - after 79yr wait 
" it is incredible we managed to win this competition " - andy murray 
rt murray wins davis cup for britain 
andy murray wins the davis cup for great britain 
bbc sport - andy murray wins the davis cup for great britain 
congratulations to the whole team on winning the davis cup today . 
rt great britain have won the for the first time since 1936 . … 
rt unbelievable ! andy murray wins the for gb full story : … 
rt this is what it means to win the 
" i can't believe we did it " - andy murray on win 
two seismic achievements in uk sport today ! boxing and tennis .... 
i don't care for tennis , nor does my dad really but he watched today because gb last won it the year has was born ! 
the for great britain 
rt great britain are the 🏆 🏆 champions . 
congratulations to & on winning a historic 
wins the davis cup for great britain yay 🇬🇧👍🎾🍾🏆 
two seismic achievements in sport uk today ….. boxing and tennis 
massive respect for commiserating belgian team , after leading gb to davis cup win - after 76 year wait 
if you're just coming home ... you've missed a … ~ via 

suicide attack hits nigeria shia march ,?? 
rt suicide bomber kills at least 21 people in attack on shia muslim procession in nigeria's kano state , officials say http … 
rt breaking : suicide bomber kills at least 21 people in attack on shia muslim procession in nigeria's … 
at least 21 killed in bomb attack on shia muslim procession in nigeria 
rt bbc news - suicide attack hits nigeria shia march 
procession attacked in nigeria . majority of the muslims will stay quiet .... 
rt now aren't safe in northern nigeria . suicide attacks target minority muslims , killing at least 21 https://… 
suicide attack hits nigeria shia muslim march 
awful . more terrorist attacks inspired by religious exremism , in the us & nigeria . 
yet another suicide attack in northern 
rt more 

police killed in drive-by shooting south of cairo 
bbc news - egypt police killed in drive-by shooting south of cairo 
police die in egypt drive-by shooting 
news - police killed in drive-by shooting south of cairo 
egypt police killed by isis sympathisers in drive-by shooting south of cairo - 
rt four security personnel killed in drive-by shooting south of cairo , egyptian security sources say … 
top story in questo momento : egypt police killed in drive-by shooting south of … see more 

turkey to hand over russia pilot's body 
turkey to hand over russian pilot's body 
rt turkey to hand over russian pilot's body 
turkey to over russia pilot's body 
to hand over pilot's body after downing - 
to hand over body after downing - bbc news 
newstream© : turkey to hand over russia pilot's body 
rt body of russian pilot killed when plane shot down on syria border now in turkey's hands , to be handed back to russia ht … 

turkish army releases audio it says shows it warned russian plane before it was shot down 
' turkey gave no warning ' - downed russian pilot - bbc news 
rt acting like a rogue state with the shooting down of a russian ... 
no before turkey downed plane 
rt ' turkey gave no warning ' - downed russian pilot 
rt ' gave no warning ' - downed pilot 
bbc news - ' turkey gave no warning ' - downed russian pilot 
rt a5patrik : andreaskorinov ' gave no warning ' - downed pilot 
rt downed plane pilot denies turkey warning 
rt moscow is sending out its most advanced anti-aircraft missile system , the s-400 . 

spending review 
chancellor george osborne is on now and at 8.10 am . live coverage : 

rt defence review : a police state backed up by more wmds . welcome to 
rt 20+ more killer uk rebrands predators as ‘ protectors ’ 
always money for war though > cameron announced £12bn extra defence spending . 
rt bbc fellates cameron's defence review , which is basically- give us arms corps loads of money & shout ' terrorism ' https://… 
' 10,000 troops ' to tackle terror attacks 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 
rt huge respect for our armed services but they are not a police service and are subject to political control . … 
politicians reinventing the wheel to please the worried public . i am sure there will be lots of soldiers reorganised … 
10,000 troops could be on streets - pm 
rt they simply will not fund the police will they ! a military response means nothing as we will be the 1st responders ! https : … 
a ' war ' = militarisation : cameron's defence spending review comments blur military-police counter-terror boundary 
defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 
uk news : strategic defence review tav commentary : apart from this not being a response to terrorism and ... 
bbc news - defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 
trident now costing almost £500 per head 
repression coming to uk soon 
the grand old duke of cameron he deployed ( up to ) 10,000 men and when the threat was over he made them redundant >> 
defence review : 10000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - bbc news 
no money for the people millions for war : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - 
today has been a good day for our armed forces . very pleased with the strategic defence and security review . 
are a threat to liberty , peace and security so let's buy more arms 
all things considered , a pretty decent defence review . 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attack and other ideas . by 2025 . 2025 ?! 
well done you found a ise for all the body bags labour bought 
terror should demand nothing less than 100% of our entire , on-going defense budget 
defence . 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - t trident wouldn't be ready until 2030's what's the point ? 
rt bbc news - review : could put 10,000 troops on uk streets to deal with … 
review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - necessary as a minimum . 
all these jets and nuclear missiles will be perfect for taking out a handful of gunmen in a residential area 
it's a start , bit still nowhere near enough . 
is this providing the means to defend ?...... 
rt democratically accountable civil defence , yes ; strike brigades , paramilitary policing and trident , no- … 

untrustworthy aug2013 wanted to bomb now , wants to bomb 
cameron can outsource every public service but not bombing syria . 
rt going to war with syria will achieve nothing-we should be protecting uk borders & defending against islam in the uk ht … 
our interview with hilary benn here 
rt air strikes in syria " won't end is " but will make " britain a target " : bbc's https : … 
david cameron to make case for syria air strikes - bbc news 
david cameron says bombing is in syria will make uk ' safer ' - 
<< does anyone actually believe that bombing will make us safer ? 
rt david cameron says bombing is in syria will make uk ' safer ' > fantasy politics . 
rt pm is right to make the case for extending british airstrikes against isil - 
. is a notorious liar . david cameron says bombing is in syria will make uk ' safer ' 
rt pm sending raf into clear & present danger - dodgy dave to make case for syria air strikes to mimic his hero blair ! http … 
rt david cameron says the uk faces " a fundamental threat to our security " 
pm to make case for syria air strikes 
cameron says bombing is in syria will make uk ' safer ' - false assurances exploiting fear to engineer consent for war 
desperate cameron to use the carnage in paris to re-sell carnage in syria 
david cameron says bombing is in syria will make uk ' safer ' - safer bet to radicalize a few more nutters . 
bombing is syria makes uk ' safer ' how exactly is bombing syria gonna push away ? please tell me 
i don't know what's going on earth anymore😑 - 
" launching uk air strikes against islamic state militants in syria will make us safer . " 
how the bloody hell can you " make the uk safer by bombing another country " when the uk is already the most safest ... 
folly 4 make a target " 
david cameron says syria action would be in the uk's national interest - bbc news 


rt hostage situation in french town of roubaix , near belgium , with several people hurt by gunshots , media reports say http … 
\'hostage situation\' in northern france 
rt the hostage situation in roubaix is not linked to the local authorities say 
hostage situation in northern french town of roubaix 
rt are the cowards hiding here ? on the border ??!! 
bbc news - roubaix hostage situation in northern france ends 
rt hostages held in northern france : hostage situation in french town of roubaix , ... 
hostages freed from gunmen in france 
' hostage situation ' in northern france - bbc news 
were these chaps from the religion-of-peace ... or isn't that relevant anymore ? 
rt three armed men take hostages in town of roubaix on border w https :/ … 
bbc news - situation in northern ends 
rt rt the hostage situation in roubaix is not linked to the ... https … 
sorry ... the situation in france was apparently a bungled bank robbery ... still terrorism , but not the same : 
another terrorist attack in france ? i'm so glad that the hostages weren't harmed ! 

great britain win for first time in 79 years after andy murray victory 
rt andy murray can clinch the for gb with victory vs goffin - he leads 2-1 . … 
rt andy murray falls to the floor as his gb teammates pile on ... 
rt 🏆 🎾 great britain win the davis cup 🎾 🏆 the 79-year wait is over ... … 
rt gb have made history ... it's 11 in 11 for andy murray in the … 
rt after asking what would be andy murray's biggest achievement ? you voted as follows ... … 
rt for the first time in 79 years 🏆 🎾 great britain win the davis cup 🎾 🏆 … 

rt the lawyer who got my colleagues out of turkish prisons and tried to get rasool out was shot dead today : … 
' pro-kurdish lawyer tahir elci shot dead in turkey ' . 
pro-kurdish dead in turkey 
wonder whether he was " blown up by is " or " hung himself in the toilets " 
rt terrible news . 

brussels lockdown : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
rt 19 anti-terror raids were carried out in the brussels region & 3 others in charleroi , belgian prosecutor says … 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 
arrests in belgium anti-terror raids 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number arrests to 21 
rt belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
rt detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 https :/ … 
top story : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 
why is it the only people i can speak to on the phone cant give me an answer on a refund for my flight ? 
headline : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 

subscribe to our twitter list of bbc journalists covering 
we've a twitter list of bbc journalists reporting on subscribe here : 
rt want to keep up to date with the 2015 ? subscribe to our twitter list : … 

: extended over ' imminent threat ' - 
obama says paris attacks aren't ' new normal ' . new normal is actually european cities locked down to prevent attacks 
we won't let the terrorists change our way of life , except for maybe having europe's capitals on indefinite lockdown 
rt we won't let terrorists change our way of life , except for maybe having europe's capitals on indefinite lockdown … 
brussels alert to stay at highest level 
“ imminent threat ” 
marshal law in belgium ? here we stand in late 2015 with the capital city of europe , brussels , in its third day ... 
citizens in brussels have been warned off the streets amid fears of a serious and imminent terrorist attack 
' imminent threat ' extends brussels alert 
bloody nightmare =\ 
top story : brussels alert ' stays at highest level ' - bbc news see more 
rt paris attacks : brussels alert stays at highest level 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; brussels alert ' stays at highest level ' - bb … see more 
brussels alert extended over ' imminent threat ' , 16 arrests in belgium fugitive salah abdeslam not among them - bbc 
rt belgian pm says brussels security alert status to stay at highest level 
not to make it sound trivial , but can you really refer to someone who's alive as a suicide bomber ? 
【brussels has been on lockdown all weekend , amid a manhunt for suspected paris attacker salah abdeslam . 】 

rt 19 nationalities among dead in & many under 30 years old - french president https://… 
rt " france is at war " , french president tells rare meeting of houses of parliament , versailles https … 

rt refugees fleeing & brutality arrived in uk today as part of vpr scheme . the uk welcomes them https … 
syrian refugees flight lands in uk 
british government just pinched a lot of your doctors and flew them to britain 
we'd like to give a warm welcome to the syrian refugees who have arrived in glasgow today ! qassem , who arrived ... 

conservative wins argentina presidency 
conservative mauricio macri wins argentina presidency 
let's hope macri brings sanity back to argentinian position on falklands & ending kirchner's dangerous rhetoric 
rt bbc news - mauricio wins presidency 
one down , one to go ; ) 
argentina rediscovers a bit of political common sense 
bit of hope for argentina ; can't be any worse than that dreadful de kirchner woman 
conservative mauricio macri wins presidency 
narrowly votes out peronists and opts for centre-right macri as president 
a fresh start for argentina 
i hope that macri's victory will bring prosperity and an end to destructive populism in 
conservative victory bad , but mind-numbing populist bullshit from the other side dug its own grave . 
with macri's victory , argentina inaugurates a new cycle in latin american politics . 
makes a bold move and a positive one ! 
this seems a sound decision . here's hoping that this will bring an end to peronist style populism . i would like to … 
i remember the after first round , crowing how the left wing candidate had won by a ' landslide ' - ooops 
wow ! now heres hoping he diesnt do a menem ... 
change for 
rt top story in questo momento : conservative mauricio macri wins argentina preside … see more http … 


video : cameron address to mps on syria strikes 
david cameron presents case for syria air strikes to mps - bbc news 
yewwinfo david cameron presents case for syria air strikes to mps - bbc news see more 
david cameron makes his case for syria air strikes on is . watch more here : 
david cameron presents his case to the commons for the uk launching air strikes against islamic state militants in … 

david cameron holding talks with french president hollande 
david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande - bbc news 
david cameron : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
world united in terror fight - cameron 
in uk interest : pm only in dave's tory interest .. we're safer if we leave middle east alone . 
cameron view : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - rest of the world fighting daesh 
christmas cancelled peace to all men put on hold - world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' 
pm holding talks with french president 
we will never defeat is it's one of the most commonly used words ! seriously tho call them daesh , not a ' state ' 
i dunno man , it doesnt seem like bombs and guns will actually stop them , and will probably help their cause ? 
pm to hold talks with french president 
rt prime minister to told talks with francois hollande on c o-o peration against isil . 
cameron and hollande meet in paris to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
if the ' world ' was united , we wouldn't be fighting 
top story : get your tank refill now david cameron to hold talks with french pre … see more 
[ news botfeed top story ] david cameron to hold talks with french president holl … see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; david cameron to hold talks with french pres … see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : david cameron to hold talks with french … see more 
david cameron : uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - bbc news 
top story david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande … see more 

rt missing russian jet pilot ' picked up by syrian army ' 
rt update : russian pilot picked up by the syrian army should be taken to russian airbase , says russian ambassador … 
" where was the russian jet when it was shot down ? " 
rt one of two russian pilots shot down by turkey picked up by the syrian army , russian ambassador says 
rt bbcquestiontime : where was the russian jet when it was shot down ? 
rt turkey becomes the first nato country to down a russian plane in half a century . fools on both sides . https :/ … 
missing russian jet pilot ' alive and well ' 
russian missing after his jet was shot down by turkey while on air strikes mission over syria , rescued . 
turkey russia jet : marine killed in pilot rescue bido 
missing russian syrian army ' 
rt big questions for turkey on russian jet . if turkey conspired with isis & bought oil , it should not be in nato or eu … 
russian jet pilot and marine killed in syria 
turkey russia jet : marine killed in pilot rescue bid - bbc news 
two russians killed over jet downing 

abuse inquiry : churches and ' prominent people ' to be investigated 
abuse inquiry : mps , councils and churches to be investigated . 
mps , churches , councils and internet to be examined in goddard child inquiry 
rt a good day - good to see a comprehensive plan for the abuse inquiry - bbc news 
abuse inquiry : mps , councils and churches to be investigated - bbc news 
rt former medomsley youth detention centre in county durham will be one focus for child abuse inquiry : … 
abuse inquiry : mps , councils and churches to be investigated - about time 
mps and councils in abuse inquiry 
rt abuse inquiry : churches and councils among institutions to be investigated 
thank you lord can we have this worldwide ? 
councils being looked in to more areas to be named . 
i don't mind this taking years ( within reason ) unlike chilcott as it needs to be done correctly 
rt so now the work begins , picking thro dark secrets of brit history on behalf of 1000s of abused children ht … 
& conspicuous by their absence 
abuse inquiry mps , councils and churches to be investigated investigate councilor penny jackman who hit pensioner 
rt goddard abuse inquiry : churches and ' prominent people ' to be investigated 
rt abuse inquiry : churches and ' prominent people ' to be investigated . ⁉️⁉️⁉️⁉️⁉️ … 
and about time ... 
retweeted dino nocivelli ( inquiry ' to name institutions to be investigated ' - ... 
rt inquiry ' to name institutions to be investigated ' - 
rt on my way to london to hear the announcement 
retweeted nspcc ( justice lowell goddard is making a public statement later outlining progress of ... 
retweeted sue crocombe ( so now the work begins , picking thro dark secrets of brit history on ... 
rt justice lowell goddard is making a public statement later outlining progress of inquiry into child sexual abuse : … 
rt we'll be releasing a video of our update statement soon . until then you can see a clip here : 
retweeted david greenwood ( a good day - good to see a comprehensive plan for the abuse inquiry ... 
retweeted parmjit dhanda ( this article will put a shiver down some mps ' spines . and not before ... 
this article will put a shiver down some mps ' spines . and not before time : 
retweeted jân l frayne ( bbc news - abuse inquiry : mps , councils and churches to be ... 
abuse inquiry ' to name institutions ' 
rt abuse of children in the care of lambeth council to be examined by abuse inquiry following mirror investigation … 
rt chair justice goddard will today name some of the institutions that they will take evidence about . https :/ … 
rt bbc news - abuse inquiry : mps and churches to be investigated a very helpful summary from th … 
bbc news - abuse inquiry : mps , councils and to be investigated 
rt mps , churches , councils and internet to be examined in goddard child sexual abuse inquiry 
bbc news - abuse inquiry : anglican and catholic churches to be investigated 

rt president hollande : terrorists have " cult of death " we have " love for life " … 
rt la marseillaise is sung at the memorial for victims of the 
paris attacks : france holds service two weeks after massacre 
remembers paris attack victims 
france holds memorial for paris victims - 
vive la france !!! 2 weeks ago ; an eternity : 2 weeks ago ; the blink of an eye ! 
france holds memorial for paris vi ... via | 
france to honour paris attack victims 
top story : paris attacks : france to hold service two weeks after massacre - bbc … see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; paris attacks : france to hold service two we … see more 
top story : linux and open source , paris attacks : france to hold service two wee … see more 


tyson fury becomes world champion . 115-112 , 115-112 , 116-111 . klitschko is beaten . " 
rt tyson fury has ended wladimir klitschko's reign as world heavyweight champion . reaction : … 
rt another world title for manchester . reaction : report : … 
rt tyson fury becomes the world champion , grabs the microphone and starts singing aerosmith ! … 
rt they have argued about the gloves , the canvas & now the hand wraps . klitschko v fury live : … 
rt klitschko hasn't lost while fury has been a professional boxer . live commentary … 
rt fury taunting klitschko . " he did more than enough to win the third round . " … 
rt . on " i've got it 6-6 , but the deduction gives it to klitschko . " … 
rt we go to the judges ' cards . has tyson fury done enough to win the belts ? … 
rt fury attacks in the 11th , but then loses a point for hitting around the back of the head . … 
rt tyson fury's trainer peter fury : " you have two rounds left . don't leave it to the judges . " … 
rt " a really untidy round , both men are tiring . " ten rounds gone , two to go . " 
rt great action in round nine . both men land with some big punches . … 
rt round 8 : " klitschko has not found the rhythm of old . " live on … 
rt mind games from fury , who holds his arms behind his back . seven gone . fury doing well . … 
rt our pundits are impressed by fury . " klitschko is struggling . " … 
how fury beat klitschko to win world title 


french president calls for turkey-syria border to close as " matter of urgency " to stop terrorists coming to europe 
" we will do everything in our power to defend our nation , " president obama says 
& intensify anti push . licence jail respect they r not 
paris attacks : hollande and obama to intensify anti-is push 
france and us intensify anti-is push 
rt french president calls for turkey-syria border to close as " matter of urgency " to stop terrorists coming to europe … 
paris attacks : hollande and obama to intensify anti-is push - bbc news : bbc newsparis attacks : hollande and ob ... 
even a fellow socialist of yours wants the borders closed 

rt actor charlie sheen reveals he is hiv-positive , in interview on us television … 

cancels more sharm el-sheikh flights 
egypt plane crash : airlines cancel more sharm el-sheikh flights - 
crash : more uk flights to sharm el-sheikh cancelled 
home for the weekend . supposed to be going to sharm el sheik in egypt next week but flights cancelled 
more sharm el sheikh flight cancellations for easyjet .. 
airlines cancel sharm el-sheikh flights 
this is hard news for diving outfits and live aboards . 
are flights to hurghada still ok ? is it just sharm ? 
rt ba and easyjet cancel all flights between and the until january https://… 
rt everyday , every story ( almost ) in the news has a common thread . islam/terror . go figure . 
brainlessmuzzos : rt adamaston57 : everyday , every story ( almost ) in the news has a common thread . islam/terror . go … 

rt the big rise in excess winter deaths is blamed on ' flu ' . no ! the cause is poor housing & fuel poverty . … 
winter deaths ' highest since 1999 ' 
rt winter deaths last year were highest since 1999 , yet osborne is going to cut public health budget … 
rt the winter death statistics - > 43k excess deaths last winter . ( our fellow citizens -subjects ) h … 
an interesting read on flu and excess deaths during winter last year . 
and the rate of is climbing every year - up to 43,900 ... the highest in over a decade : 
last there were 43,900 deaths in england and wales and most involved people were over 75 : 
43,900 excess winter deaths in england and wales last year 
day 9 : winter is more likely to kill you than terrorism . and if you're poor or old , thank the tories . 
gov blaims junior doctors ? 
rt deaths ‘ highest since 1999 ’ 
why were there so many excess deaths last winter ?? the highest level since 1999 ! 
shocking : 2,600 excess winter deaths in wales last year support our sponsored knit and help save lives 
worrying stats says deaths highest since 1999 
why have the number of deaths in winter been ' the highest since 1999 ' . 
there were an estimated 43,900 excess deaths in england and wales last winter , ' highest since 1999 ' 
heading into the winter with so many at risk , it is shocking we call ourselves a ' civilised ' society 
figures released from identify the epidemic as causing severe illness and deaths : 
notably high deaths in the england & wales 2014/15 ( via 

rt russian president vows to " unite forces in the fight against a common evil " as he meets french president in moscow https :/ … 

rt continuing coverage of the saint denis police operation 

turkey-russia jet downing : moscow announces sanctions 
russia announces turkey sanctions 
turkey-russia jet downing : moscow announces sanctions - bbc news 
turkey-russia jet downing : moscow announces economic sanctions . not military action . 
bbc news - turkey-russia jet downing : moscow announces sanctions 
imposes sanctions on for downing of its jet 
russian firms won't be able to hire turks , charter flights to turkey banned ... 
jet downing : announces sanctions 
putin's announces sanctions against following fighter jet downing . 
rt moscow announces sanctions and a decree signed by viladimir puttin 
russia announces a package of economic against turkey for downing a russian jet on syrian border . 
so the baby spat the dummy ....... moscow announces sanctions 
rt imposes tough sanctions on this will hurt . a lot . so , what will be ankara's n … 
rt russia announces package of economic sanctions against turkey over shooting down of russian jet on syrian border https : … 
putin import ban conspicuously excludes turkish delight 
putin's not liked but big mistake jet shorting . at risk of ww3 , it will suffer alone . 
people suffering because two people with too much responsibility has a fight with planes 
this is from the bbc talks about 90,000 + workers but no mention of sacking 
rt easyjet cheap flights to turkey … moscow announces sanctions 

rt charlie sheen announces he's hiv-positive , to put stop to " barrage of attacks " … 
no . 19 : actor charlie sheen confirms he is hiv positive : 
rt bbc news - charlie sheen confirms he is hiv positive 

immigration and net migration at record levels . my analysis here : 
net migration to uk hits record 336,000 
great extension knowledge net migration hits record high in the uk . 
rt record net immigration : 336,000 p.a. is like a new sunderland or reading every year . for border control … 
rt net migration to uk hits record 336,000 
rt immigration down to the 10's of 1000's ? 
full uk immigration statistics can be reviewed and read here , provided by the ons related to year ending june 2015 . 
rt immigration to the uk at record 660,000 -net migration at 336,000 = an addition of britains 3rd largest city each year : … 
more than two thirds of the immigration increase was driven by eu citizens 
rt immigration hits the highest ever level in history-if we don't control immigration brits will be a minority … 
gee they must love the weather , or that wave from the queen is hooking them over ! i've got plans for you all , my ... 
the expulsion and refusal of accepting the free loading parasites is greater than ever . 
far from being next prime minister , what will it take for theresa may to resign ? 
rt immigration to the uk at record 660,000 -net migration at 336,000 = an addition of britains 3rd largest city each year : https://… 
did you see how cull of international students shows in the 2011-2014 dip ? 
earth hazards ? 
studying migration ? 
rt the number of eu nationals working in the uk stood at two million from july to september , an increase of 324,000 … 
rt net hits record 336k does it hurt uk or spoiler … 
bbc news - net uk migration a record 336,000 - 2011-2014 figures artificially reduced by student cull 
bbc news net migration to uk hits record 336000 , statistics show bbc news … via 
do you remember ' no ifs , no buts ' promise to reduce migration to tens of thousands 
net migration hits a record high 
net migration to uk hits record 33 ... via | 
ever feel like you've been conned ?! they are all the same . 
it's net migration so that is the overall amount in minus out 
preposterous claim by minister that welfare is pull factor for immigration when figures show that most come to work 
latest ons figures show that immigration into the uk is totally out of control . net migration to uk hits record- 
net hits record 336k does it hurt uk or spoiler : no 
rt just step outside to see this graph in action . i'm all for attracting those that benefit uk . we don … 

france remembers the victims killed in at memorial service 
remembers the killed in at memorial service 
top story : paris attacks : france holds service two weeks after massacre - bbc n … see more 
rt watch the paris memorial service live here : 
video : paris attacks : french memorial service 
top paris attacks : france holds service two weeks after massacre - bbc n … see more 



rt £15m from " tampon tax " to fund women's health charities - chancellor … 
rt david cameron and president hollande press conference after paris talks - bbc politics live : https … 
rt " get a grip " and " take up yoga , " speaker john bercow tells mp during … 
one of the outcomes of yesterday's spending review was a 29% funding increase for uk sport : 
" i'll double the housing budget to £2bn a year " - chancellor 
rt the moment john mcdonnell pulled out mao's little red book 
rt george osborne promises to put " security first " as he begins delivering … 
rt george osborne says “ improved public finances ” means he doesn't need to cut … 
rt " now is not the time for further police cuts " says george osborne in … 
rt more " access to talking therapies " for patients - chancellor … 
george osborne says he has listened to concerns over 
rt brilliant to hear in that will be supported as part of northern powerhouse . see 13.24 … 
retweeted bbc breaking news ( £15m from " tampon tax " to fund women's health charities - chancellor ... 
rt if you're not near a telly , it's follow our live page here ” 
rt people " will feel betrayed " deficit isn't eliminated - shadow chancellor … 
rt tax credits u-turn shows " we were not in this together " - shadow chancellor … 
rt great news ! gb can " go for gold " in rio & tokyo with 29% funding increase for uk sport 🇬🇧👍 https :/ … 
rt pm to outline case on thursday for uk " going after isil at their headquarters in syria " … 
rt rolling coverage of political developments : nhs funding , trident , ashdown on syria ... bbc politics live - … 
spending review and autumn statement - bbc news 
spending review and autumn statement : live 
rt george osborne leaves treasury for commons ahead of live updates : … 
rt uk defence review : - £178bn investment over next 10 years - 2 new " strike brigades " - 9 maritime patrol aircraft https … 
rt pic : labour benches as john mcdonnell delivers response . reaction live : … 
rt john mcdonnell says pulling out chairman mao's book was " a joke " , to make his point " more effective " 
rt spending review and autumn statement 
rt " i'll double the housing budget to 2bn a year " - chancellor 
spending review and autumn statement shows there will be no cuts to tax credits 
rt criticise government for scrapping & harming progress . http … 

hundreds more jobs saved at 
bbc news - hundreds more jobs saved at caparo 
hundreds more jobs saved at caparo - bbc news 
rt news : hundreds more jobs saved at caparo - a further 333 jobs are saved at steel company caparo , admi ... https://… 
hundreds more jobs saved at caparo ( via bbc news ) 
share an update or mention someone using 
hundreds more steel jobs saved at caparo - 
good news that jobs have been saved at caparo 
gupta family of liberty house group acquires caparo in the west midlands : 
409 jobs now saved at caparo 
well done to our deal team as further hundreds of jobs are saved out of administration at caparo 
rt check me out - i've just gone and dropped the finest packet of ready salted crisps you'll ever taste … 

cleansing of bullying should start from within the party ! 
organisations , charities & businesses who refuse to investigate are active participants in bullying . responsible ind … 
and another one bites the dust 
shapps quits amid tory bullying claims 
rt coke-snorting sociopaths , bullying people to death at the very centre of the conservative party ??? no ! i'm shocked ! htt … 
rt shapps quits amid tory bullying claims 
rt grant shapps quits amid tory bullying claims 
nick hurd to replace grant shapps as international development minister 
rt tory resigns : the future iooks bleak for michael green & sebastian fox too … 
rt bullying , sexual harassment and intimidation .... these are the people in charge of investigating historic sexual ... ht … 
rt annickbidwell : rt andrewspoooner : coke-snorting sociopaths , bullying people to death a … 
rt minister grant shapps tells pm the " buck should stop with me " , as he resigns over tory bullying row … 
rt suicide of bullied political activist , eventually heads roll . let me guess , did this happen in … 
rt shapps out - bbc . credit to great journalism from 
" the buck should stop with me , " says grant is that a clever way of implying that it doesn't ? 
rt grant shapps tells pm the " buck should stop with me " , as he resigns over tory bullying row … 
suicide of bullied political activist , eventually heads roll . let me guess , did this happen in the nasty party ? doh ! 
rt quits amid tory bullying claims > another example in series of poor judgement of 
rt grant quits amid tory bullying claims should have gone long ago 4 his lies … 
i'd be interested to hear what corrinne stockheath ( who totally , really exists ) thinks about this 
the fact that this is the headline news demonstrates how far the press is away from what people actually care about 
so grant shapps was a bit of a shit . i'd never have guessed it . the only tory worth voting for is a lavatory . 
i don't think that's the allegation at this point . carefully said ! 

rt president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information 
looks like the only sane politician in america . 
video : obama and hollande news conference : president obama and president hollande … 

brussels threat level reduced 
rt threat level ' reduced ' - 
belgian authorities reduce the threat level in brussels from its highest level nearly a week after a lockdown ... 
better now 

rt eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning https : … 
rt eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning htt … 

rt officers exchange fire with gunman inside planned parenthood building in colorado springs , police say … 
rt police say colorado springs incident remains active & " officers are encountering gunfire " https://… 
three die in shooting at colorado clinic . 
rt three die in shooting at colorado clinic 
when will stories like this get the appropriate title : ' christian terrorist attack on abortion clinic leaves 3 dead ' 
planned parenthood : three die in shooting at colorado clinic 
rt why is this not considered a terrorist act ? planned parenthood : three die in shooting at colorado clinic 
rt police in colorado springs say shooting incident is " still an active situation " & can't confirm where the shooter is https … 
rt how is this not christian terrorism ? " three killed in shooting at clinic " … 
rt at least 3 of the 12 people shot in the attack on the colorado planned parenthood clinic have died . … 
planned parenthood : three die in shooting at colorado clinic - not very ' pro life ' is it ? bloody yanks 
this is terrorism . | planned parenthood : three die in shooting at colorado clinic - 
planned parenthood : three die in shooting at colorado clinic - christian terrorist murders 3 innocents . 
planned parenthood : three die in shooting at colorado clinic - bbc news 
rt come on - call to ban all refugees for this terrorist attack . oh , wait .... 
nothing says pro life like a killing spree . hang on , is that 
mass shooting at and i'll give you one guess who did it : 
rt " 3 die in shooting at colorado clinic " c … 
" 3 die in shooting at colorado clinic " cristian terrorists ! 
will reaction to this to be exclude pregnant women from the us ? 
rt if motives are political , will media call this terrorism ? // three die in shooting at colorado abortion clinic … 
i hope is happy . 
pro-life (?) gun nut murders three people at clinic 
not a tho is he ? thts just brown muslamics .. 
bbc news : three die in colorado clinic terrorist attack 
three die in colorado clinic shooting 
christian terrorism - laughably known as " pro-life " . the irony would be funny if it wasn't so sad . 
irony is wasted on america 
" planned parenthood : three die in shooting at colorado ... " from bbc world ( 
colorado springs shooting : police officers injured - bbc news 
home grown terror has taken more american lives than terror abroad has . 

