rt missing russian jet pilot " picked up by syrian army " 
rt one of two russian pilots shot down by turkey picked up by the syrian army , russian ambassador says 
missing russian jet pilot ' alive and well ' 
rt where was the russian jet when it was shot down ? turkey and russia offer differing accounts ht … 
rt missing russian jet pilot " alive and well " 
rt copilot rescued . fighters to escort bombers . retaliatory action expected imminantly h … 
missing russian pilot \'with syrian army\' 
missing russian pilot alive in syria - bit of good fortune emerging from growing with and 
big questions for turkey on russian jet . if turkey conspired with isis & bought oil , it should not be in nato or eu 
rt update : russian pilot picked up by the syrian army should be taken to russian airbase , says russian ambassador … 
oltre's top story : turkey russia jet : marine killed in pilot rescue bid - bbc n … see more 
missing russian pilot ' alive and well ' 
rt john simpson on the downing of the russian jet : 
the more i hear , the more i know corbyn is right . chaos , keep our military on defense not attack . bbc news - syria 
russia announces fighters will escort bombers over northern syria in future 
turkey russia jet : marine killed in pilot rescue bid - bbc news see more 
russian jet pilot ' alive and well ' in syria , good news ! turkey have questions to answer , who are they supporting 
rescued in 12-hour op involving special forces shot down in by 
istanbul claiming moscow's jet breached turkish airspace for 17 seconds 
top story : news !!! turkey russia jet : marine killed in pilot rescue bid - bbc n … see more 
morrissey slates universal's refusal to release ' i'm throwing my arms around turkey ' 
russian pilot who went missing after his jet was shot down was rescued in 12-hour operation involving special forces 

guess it was only a matter of time 
turkey downs near syria-turkey border : ( vine by 
turkey ' shoots down russian warplane on syria border ' 
turkey ' down russian warplane on syria border ' 
turkey ' downs russian warplane on syria border ' - bbc news 
rt turkish military officials say russian warplane shot down after warnings it was violating airspace 
retweeted bbc breaking news ( turkish military officials say russian warplane shot down after ... 
turks ' downed russia warplane in syria ' 
' warplane shot down in syria ' by turks - bbc news 
rt syria border region where turkey has reportedly shot down a russian military aircraft https://… 
rt ' downs russian warplane on border ' life feels like being in a bad thriller 
top skydiving link of the day : 
rt turkey ' shoots down warplane on syria border ' - 
rt turkey shoots down russian jet over syrian airspace ... 
rt as ww3 gets a step closer , in westminster labour's career politicians vote for corporal cameron's lies . … 
rt turkey shoots down russian jet . wwiii in 5 , 4 , 3 ,....... 
rt ' shoots down warplane on syria border ' 
hey , no problem .... let's send 100,000 troops into the middle of this mess ! on one hand , the turks are justified ... 
rt turkey ' downs russian warplane on syria border ' 
rt that'll help : " turks ' downed russia warplane in 
rt bbc news - ' warplane shot down in syria ' by turks 
this is getting scary now . 
rt are the two sides taking this straight out of the wish list ? still hopeful at least one calm mind remains . … 

pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal to create drugs giant 
rt there's a joke in here somewhere - makers of viagra and botox get together as pfizer seals £106bn allergan deal … 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal to create drugs giant - bbc news 
bbc news - pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal to create drugs giant 
.. very sceptical of self-serving 👎🏾 seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant 
puck off 
pfizer seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant - via 
pfizer and allergan $160 billion deal sealed to create drugs giant 
- pharmaceuticals companies struggle to cope with patents on a number of major drugs expiring 
seals $160bn allergan - bbc 
this is an interesting inversion deal ! which will create new opportunities for all employees . i have been working … 
pfizer made history by investing in the largest deal ever for £106bn . . 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan takeover 
rt pfizer seals $160bn allergan takeover 
bbc news : pfizer seals $160bn allergan inversion takeover to offshore the profits , pay half the taxes 
pfizer seals 60bn allergan takeover 
rt pfizer seals $160bn deal to buy allergan . relocating hq to dublin will see pfizer tax bill lowered from 35% to 12.5% … 
ireland deal for international business , pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal change of hq address soon ? 
say it hillary , these companies setting up in low population countries with low tax rates , rips us off , us and uk . 
inv€r$ion seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant 
mib - example of m&a with tax advantage 
blindin ' tax dodge 
pfizer one step closer to world domination 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal - trap for a life time won't even come close to a % of this wake up people 

rt president francois hollande addresses french mayors . watch live … 
rt bbcbreaking : president francois hollande addresses french mayors . watch live … 
president francois hollande addresses french mayors . watch live via bbc 

jailed for 40 years 
uk bomb plotter jailed for 40 years 
bomb plotter jailed for 40 years in us , accused of plotting attacks on manchester , new york & copenhagen … 
patience can be a virtue when it comes to policing . 
pakistani muslim " exploited uk visa system " to plan multiple terror attacks 
international bomb plotter jailed in us 
rt thankyou american friends ! 👍👏 good job . 
rt bbc news - uk bomb plotter sentenced to 40 years in us jail 
man plotting manchester bombing jailed in us 
rt uk bomb plotter sentenced to 40 years in us jail - bbc news 
a pakistani man extradited from the uk to the us is sentenced to 40 years in jail for plotting attacks in ... 
it - persons : top stories of the day ; international bomb plotter jailed for 40 … see more 
may cowboy justice prevail and international bomb plotter abid naseer rot for 40 years in a jail 
rt a man who planned to bomb the arndale centre in has been sentenced to 40 years in a us jail … 
convicted terrorists should get mandatory life sentences imo 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; international bomb plotter jailed for 40 yea … see more 

rt uk police now treating disappearance of leicestershire teenager kayleigh haywood as murder 
kayleigh haywood case ' treated as murder ' - 
parents !!! who are your daughters talking to on ?? 
is a safer environment for young women than 
kayleigh case ' treated as murder ' 
i hope they find her safe and well 
" we just need to know what has happened to our baby girl , " say parents of kayleigh haywood 
so sad and so close to home too . 
police say they are now treating the disappearance of leicestershire teenager kayleigh haywood as murder . 
kayleigh haywood case now being treated as 

the uk should have a referendum on reintroducing the death penalty i would certainly vote for it 
kayleigh family ' devastated ' by find ... 
kayleigh haywood : family ' devastated ' after body is found 
kayleigh search police find body 
rt police searching for missing 15-year-old kayleigh haywood say they have found a body in a field in leicestershire . http … 
kayleigh haywood search police find body 
body found believed to be kayleigh 
this is my local area and my local routes . this saddens me greatly . poor lass 
kayleigh haywood's family ' devastated ' after body is found 
yet another girl murdered .. my heart goes out to her family .. 
body found believed to be missing teenager 
absolutely shocking , someone would take a young girls life and destroy a family like this . 
rt my heart goes out to kayleigh's family & friends as a mother to a 14 yr old it's heartbreaking news … 
why the hell does a young girl take off with men she has never met ?!!! 
another missing teen , always girl aged 13-17 
another sad outcome 
gender violence men should unite with women to eradicate body found believed missing teenager 
my heart goes out to kayleigh haywood's family at this bloody awful time . poor poor girl .... 
another girl kidnapped & murdered . there's a war on women right here , right everywhere 

rt french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament … 
rt french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament https :/ … 

: " germany friendly called off " 
rt german football stadium evacuated over security alert and germany-netherlands match cancelled 
germany friendly stadium evacuated 
rt the hannover stadium hosting germany's friendly with the netherlands is being evacuated . … 
germany v netherlands friendly called off after bomb threat - 
germany p-p netherlands . 
wasn't just france though . can't exactly blame people for not wanting to visit europe right now 
rt germany's football match with the netherlands is called off due to security concerns … 
in germany however it was a different story with the game being called off due to a bomb scare 
rt germany v netherlands friendly called off for security concerns in hannover . 
rt germany's friendly vs the netherlands tonight has been cancelled for ' security reasons ' . … 
v friendly called off after bomb threat - 
sad state when our way of life and living have us questioning every outing we plan on attending ! 

in october , rpi fell to 0.7% from 0.8% in september . meanwhile , cpi remained at - 0.1% 
the ons report on prices falling by 14% on an annual basis 
uk inflation rate remains negative . 
. has announced that the uk’s inflation rate remained at 0.1% this october . 
says uk cpi stays at - 0.1% in oct . while rpindex fell to 0.7% -lowest since nov09 
interest rates also set to remain low ? 
as inflation rate remains negative how will this benefit & ? 
good news for many 
uk house prices up by 6.1% 
inflation rate - 0.1% in october - bbc news 
yr13 econ & bus - inflation stays down ... 
uk still negative in october . rate rise could be further in the future than previously thought 
the rate as measured by the consumer prices index remained at - 0.1% in october - 
remains negative in october 
the uk’s inflation rate remained at - 0.1% in october according to the office for national statistics : 
with inflation this low , doesn't look like interest rates will be rising anytime soon ... 
rt remains negative in october 
uk inflation remains negative in october . 
as economics : not there yet but vital you start following inflation trends now 
uk's rate remains negative with and prices falling by 2.7% in 

rt french police want help to identify man they believe was suicide bomber at stade de france https :/ … 
rt photo : french police released this photo of a man they believe was a suicide bomber at stade de france - bbcbreaki … https … 

bbc news channel 
how do i remove the image of corbyn from my opening screen for bbc live ? 
tune into now , is on discussing is and hunting season 
the legendary talks to at 1745 on the channel - watch it on tv or streamed here : 
britain's most-watched news channel , delivering breaking news and analysis all day , every day . 
french interior minister makes statement after suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud confirmed dead 
digital cinema media bans the lord's prayer from uk cinemas in wake of paris . 

continuing coverage of the saint denis police operation 
rt bbcbreaking : continuing coverage of the saint denis police operation 
rt continuing coverage of the police operation … 

belgium charges fourth suspect with role 
paris attacks : belgium charges man with role in assaults 
belgium charges man over paris attacks 
attacks : charges fourth suspect with role . 
another mohammed & hamza charged with aiding & abetting salah 
rt charges man over paris attacks 
belgium charges fourth suspect with role in paris attack- 
archiving 
“ belgium charges fourth suspect with role ” 
rt belgium charges fourth suspect with role 

video : hollande addresses french mayors 
a little bit of news , keeping you in the loop . it's what we do ! video : hollande addresses french … 
french president francois hollande addresses an assembly of the mayors of france in the wake of last week's attacks … 

' turkey gave no warning ' - downed russian pilot 
downed plane pilot denies turkey warning 
' turkey gave no warning ' : can't have an islamist leader in nato . the eu should refuse his application 
- news - ' turkey gave no warning ' - downed pilot 
' turkey gave no warning ' - downed pilot . - guess , that's the truth . don't believe a single word . 
' turkey gave no warning ' russian pilot : erdogan is a treacherous bastard . the kurds should remove him 
' turkey gave no warning ' - proof ( as if it were needed ) that the world has properly gone fucking mad . 
bbc news - surviving pilot of a russian plane shot down by turkey on the syrian border has said no warning was given 
the surviving pilot of a russian plane shot down by turkey on the syrian border says no warning was given , and the … 
surviving pilot of russian plane shot down on syria border says there was no warning and the plane was inside syria 
the surviving pilot of a russian plane shot down by turkey on the syrian border says no warning was given , and the plane was inside syrian airspace . 

french president due to address both houses of parliament in versailles . watch live : 

world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says " 
world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says … via 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live … see more 
residents & told us what life in lockdown is like 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live updates - bbc news see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - … see more 
paris attacks : 21 arrests in belgium - live updates 
brussels in lockdown the latest on the hunt for salah abdeslam from 
bbc news : summary unavailable 
16 people arrested in belgium . it is so far unconfirmed how many of them were cats 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium . follow live updates here : 
live updates on - 

rt islamic state group is " threatening the whole world " - president hollande … 
rt " islamic state is threatening the whole world " -president hollande http … 
“ islamic state group is " threatening whole world " - president hollande ” 

two people confirmed to have died after explosion at cardiff's celsa uk steel plant 
two die in cardiff steel plant blast 
celsa steel : two people die in cardiff steelworks blast - bbc news 
top story : celsa steel : ' explosion ' at steelworks in cardiff - bbc news see more 
strong reporting from the teams today : a deep dive into a significant developing story . 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; celsa steel : ' explosion ' at steelworks in ca … see more 
most shared link : celsa steel : ' explosion ' at steelworks in cardiff - bbc news see more 
terrible news from the celsa steel plant within our immediate area . our thoughts go out to the families involved . 
two missing after steelworks blast 
an urgent question will be asked by to at 1500 , regarding the celsa steel fire 
at least 5 injured in explosion near cardiff bay steel-works . 
ohhhhh dear , i hope there's no serious injuries 
live page from - ' explosion ' at steelworks in cardiff 

rt charlie sheen announces he's hiv-positive , to put stop to " barrage of attacks " … 

tutorial on monday : russia and drugs . what if the trust goes out of sport ? 
russia ruled in breach of doping code 
russia ruled in breach of wada code 
doping : ' .. 15 kenyans currently banned for doping ... pound also alleged that kenya has a " real problem with doping " 
does it have any ? > ordered to explain its controls or join those countries under scrutiny . bbc sport 
also wada's naughty list is getting a bit long 
rt russia one of six countries ruled to be in breach of the world anti-doping agency's codes . … 
six countries , including russia , are ruled " non-compliant " with the world anti-doping agency's codes . 
athletics lead story athletics doping scandal : russia ruled in breach of wada c … see more 
russia is one of six countries ruled to be in breach of the world anti-doping agency's codes … 
was this really something that people were not expecting ? and ... if every national ... 
2014 wc finalists in breach of wada anti doping codes . 3 other wc winners and current world no . 1 on wactch list 
is team gb handicapping it's own athlete's with strict drug testing ... 
think there are more countries than these six .... 
rt and ruled to be in breach of the world anti-doping agency'…https:/… 
russia in breach of wada code > argentina , ukraine , bolivia , andorra , israel also ' non-compliant ' 
ruled in breach of code 

french president calls for turkey-syria border to close as " matter of urgency " to stop terrorists coming to europe 
& intensify anti push . licence jail respect they r not 
" we will do everything in our power to defend our nation , " president obama says 
paris attacks : hollande and obama to intensify anti-is push 
france and us intensify anti-is push 
rt french president calls for turkey-syria border to close as " matter of urgency " to stop terrorists coming to europe … 
paris attacks : hollande and obama to intensify anti-is push - bbc news : bbc newsparis attacks : hollande and ob ... 
even a fellow socialist of yours wants the borders closed 

actor charlie sheen reveals he is hiv-positive , in interview on us television 
charlie sheens face when there is a mosquito in the same room as you and him 

' terror act ' downed russian plane 
rt russia's security chief says a " terror act " brought down russian plane in egypt killing all 224 people on board https :/ … 
russia plane crash : ' terror act ' downed a321 over egypt's sinai ,!!!! 
russia confirmed this week that russian airliner was brought down by ' terrorist act ' 
rt russia steps up attacks on is in syria after saying " act of terror " brought down plane … 
it's official : ' terror act ' downed a321 over egypt's sinai - 
' act of terror ' downed russian plane 
rt from outset i warned a bomb , not missile , perhaps downed sinai plane now seemingly confirmed https … 
( because let's face it . russia is not the enemy nor are it's people . they are ... 
now says that a ' terror act ' bombing did down their a321 airliner over egypt . likely by 
that useful horrific act that can allow russia to shift its focus to coalition in the making ? 
' terror act ' downed russian plane - bbc news 
rt ' terror act ' downed a321 over egypt's sinai > … … > cheap flights > … … https :/ … 
is have fucked up now ... - 
russia plane crash : ' terror act ' downed a321 over egypt . spreading thin , same mistake hitler made tbh fam smhh 

rt 20+ more killer uk rebrands predators as ‘ protectors ’ 
always money for war though > cameron announced £12bn extra defence spending . 
rt bbc fellates cameron's defence review , which is basically- give us arms corps loads of money & shout ' terrorism ' https://… 
' 10,000 troops ' to tackle terror attacks 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 
rt huge respect for our armed services but they are not a police service and are subject to political control . … 
politicians reinventing the wheel to please the worried public . i am sure there will be lots of soldiers reorganised … 
10,000 troops could be on streets - pm 
rt they simply will not fund the police will they ! a military response means nothing as we will be the 1st responders ! https : … 
a ' war ' = militarisation : cameron's defence spending review comments blur military-police counter-terror boundary 
bbc news - defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 
defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 
uk news : strategic defence review tav commentary : apart from this not being a response to terrorism and ... 
trident now costing almost £500 per head 
repression coming to uk soon 
the grand old duke of cameron he deployed ( up to ) 10,000 men and when the threat was over he made them redundant >> 
defence review : 10000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - bbc news 
no money for the people millions for war : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - 
today has been a good day for our armed forces . very pleased with the strategic defence and security review . 
are a threat to liberty , peace and security so let's buy more arms 
all things considered , a pretty decent defence review . 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attack and other ideas . by 2025 . 2025 ?! 
well done you found a ise for all the body bags labour bought 
terror should demand nothing less than 100% of our entire , on-going defense budget 
defence . 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - t trident wouldn't be ready until 2030's what's the point ? 
rt bbc news - review : could put 10,000 troops on uk streets to deal with … 
review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - necessary as a minimum . 
all these jets and nuclear missiles will be perfect for taking out a handful of gunmen in a residential area 
it's a start , bit still nowhere near enough . 
is this providing the means to defend ?...... 
rt democratically accountable civil defence , yes ; strike brigades , paramilitary policing and trident , no- … 

rt eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning https : … 
rt eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning htt … 
rt europe falls silent for one minute to remember victims of the 
rt mumbai shows solidarity , lighting up its main railway station - 
rt french police release photo of abdeslam salah , man sought in connection with https :/ … 
rt french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament … 
rt french police say main suspect salah abdeslam is on the run and " dangerous " … 
rt france launches massive airstrikes in syria , attacking the is stronghold of raqqa … 
bells of notre dame cathedral toll ahead of memorial service for victims of 
rt black seat car used by gunmen during paris attacks is found , as six people linked to suspect are arrested - police htt … 
rt several weapons found in abandoned car in paris suburb , supporting theory that some gunmen escaped … 
latest from molenbeek , belgium , where police operation is under way 
french prime minister confirms overnight raids by terror police took place , in connection with 
panicked crowds flee place de la republique in paris but all clear now given 
rt details are beginning to emerge of some of the 129 victims of 
rt france holds a minute of silence for the victims of the continuous coverage … 

this is hard news for diving outfits and live aboards . 
are flights to hurghada still ok ? is it just sharm ? 
cancels more sharm el-sheikh flights 
airlines cancel more sharm el-sheikh flights 
airlines cancel sharm el-sheikh flights 
ba and easyjet cancel all flights between and the until january 
rt everyday , every story ( almost ) in the news has a common thread . islam/terror . go figure . 
brainlessmuzzos : rt adamaston57 : everyday , every story ( almost ) in the news has a common thread . islam/terror . go … 
bbc it was " excellent news " - but easyjet should have cancelled the flights sooner . 
" the safety and security of our customers will continue to be our top priorities in any decisions we may make . " 
rt british airways cancels flights between egypt's sharm el-sheikh and uk until 14 january 

alton towers smiler ride crash due to 
bbc news - alton towers smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
report that alton towers crash down to human error - 
alton towers blames " human error " for smiler ride accident . does this absolve them of blame ? what were the ... 
smiler crash at alton towers , that seriously injured five people , was caused by human error . 
poor technical communications = amputations for rollercoaster riders . 
industrial safety - need for clear , unambiguous hmi messages : " a ride shutdown message was misunderstood by staff " 
interesting that they've publicly said it was human error , given a critical system could be overridden 
sorry human error is never root cause of accidents , fail-safe systems ? alton towers ride crash due to ' human error ' 
rt alton towers says smiler rollercoaster to re-open in 2016 after " human error " caused crash https :/ … 
alton towers crash due to ' human e ... via | 
bbc news - smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
alton towers crash due to ' human error ' 
rt human error caused alton towers rollercoaster crash in june that seriously injured five people , uk theme park says http … 
alton towers ride crash not due to human error , is a wider system error , trevor kletz would turn in his grave ... 
merlin group are distancing themselves despite not verifying the system of operation . 
yeah it's been in the news . 
misinterpreted a shutdown message and did the complete opposite . criminal - smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
human error caused alton towers accident , apparently . 
alton towers smiler crash caused by human error . surely a design fault to allow human error to come in to play ? 
well , well well . 
' human error ' caused alton towers crash . 
human error ? lets delve deeper -training maybe or ask why is such a critical system able2b manually overridden ?! 
roller coaster crash investigation blames ' human error ' as hse investigation continues : 
i think the smiler ride should be demolished as a mark of respect to those who were badly injured . 
staff misunderstood critical safety message in crash 
rt ' human error ' is being blamed for the alton towers crash . but what does ' human error ' mean ? … 
just delivered accident investigation training today hope they went past immediate cause human factors complicated - 
awks ... 
surely a system which lets some chewing gum popping holiday temp override a crash warning has a design error too ? 
rt alton towers smiler crash was caused by " human error " . story still breaking , more news as we get it . … 
thought you may want to see this . if you haven't already :) 
if is the conclusion of this report , then nothing will be learned- alton towers playing the blame game ? 
rt ' human error ' caused crash say the 
so not really human error at all then . poor training or poor design instead - smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
bbc news alton towers smiler ride crash was ' human error ' bbc news human error caused the alton towers … 
human error stated as cause of tragic crash . say protocols not followed 

easy and amazing ways to make money 
easy and amazing way to make cool money 
bbcbreaking " french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group 
george w . bush revisited ... 
does he want obummer to actually do something ? 
i think that we should flush out all the people in isis/isil that are in our country first . 
wants to meaninglessly drop even more bombs . 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition agains … 
french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group … 
france's retaliation intended to become our war ... indeed hollande invokes isil as threat to " the whole world . " 
here comes 1984 ! 
not contain them , eliminate them period . 
that means you , belize 

how parisians are marking one week on from deadly 
rt the police dog killed during the raid was a belgian malinois called diesel . live update at … 
rt germany-netherlands match called off after serious bomb threat , says hanover police chief https://… 
rt 115,000 police and army personnel mobilised to provide security across france … 
rt one person taken in for questioning in belgium as raids linked to suspects end 
rt bbcbreaking : french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group … 
rt french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group … 
rt woman who died in saint-denis flat raided by police after formally identified as hasna aitboulahcen https://… 
rt no explosives found inside hannover stadium , says german interior minister after bomb threat led to evacuation … 
rt ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud involved in 4 of 6 attacks foiled by france - interior minister … 
rt police operation ongoing in saint denis . is at the scene … 
rt they " threw grenades " during police raid says deputy commander … 
rt images coming through of armed police in saint denis suburb - latest on here : https : … 
rt french police raid in follow continuing coverage … 
rt roads leading to st denis have been blocked , bbc's reports from the scene … 
rt the scene in paris exactly a week on from that killed 130 people 
rt three suspects reported killed , two arrested in ongoing paris police and army raid on apartment in saint denis https://… 
rt " heavy , heavy gunfire " - saint denis residents told to stay indoors , bbc reporter told … 
europe must " act fast , swiftly & amp ; strongly " to defeat terrorism " 
◾️the scene in exactly a week on from that killed 130 people 
rt " it is the entire country that has been attacked " - president hollande … 

knee-jerk react to actions of extremists with war on isil/isis/is/daesh - none of those describe a country ! 
what use ' compelling case ' only after massacres in neighborhood ? 
labour and the snp must to wake up and realise that action is required in syria . we cannot stand on the sidelines . 
fuckin moron 
he means we want to go get rid of assad and we need to do it soon do us a favour and fuck off 
ha ha ha , compelling case , just like compelling case of wmd in iraq 
the emphasis should not be put upon ' syria ' , but upon ' against is ' . hope ' in few days ' this approach'll be proved 
headlines : bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david cameron says " there is a … see more 
top story : bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david cameron says " there is a … see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david c … see more 
top story : mindcasters bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david cameron says … see more 
top story : linux and open source , bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david ca … see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm da … see more 
bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david cameron says " there is a compelling … see more 
update : bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david cameron says " th … see more 
now that these world super power nations are are taking action against isis , downfall is right ahead . good wins . 
here we go again ! 
european countries ramp up their efforts to take out first now 
silly bollocks is off again , we've done our fair share in past conflicts 
moment ? 
i was talking about it this morning .. never imagine that they will talk about it today ! 
is not tht answesr.mr . cameron . 
bbcbreaking : uk pm david cameron says " there is a compelling case " for britain to act against is in ... 
invade syria for isil like fighting al qaeda in iraq ? people speculate 500,000 -1m people dead because of the latter 
uh oh ... 
hmm , britain always have a " compelling case to be involved " hence the sun never setting on the empire . 
what with ? you've scrapped most of our military capability dave ! 
who saw that coming .. 
i bet there is ! 
if you're not bombing or not about to bomb syria , raise your hand . no one ? ok . 
stop fucking hesitating . ..... get on and do something you pathetic individual 
will ' s plan include increasing the uk refugee cap to make room for those his action will create ? 
go ahead , flatten the earth , the mice will get away . needs a whole new approach , plug funding ; plug arms supply . 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : uk pm david cameron says " there is a compelling case " for brita … 
post something to obama right on google search page with gospik extension . 
we have james bond , spectra and cobra ... men playing james bond ? 
and make us more of a target ? i hope all you tory voters are happy with diminishing civil rights that will follow . 
getting ready for war ... again ... 
actually good , sensible words from dave here . let's hope his proposal for action isn't the iraq war 2.0 . 
a far more compelling one for not leaving him near livestock , however . 
uk pm david cameron says " there is a compelling case " for britain to act against is in syria 
no britain . don't retaliate . 
a real leader ! 
david cameron is spineless 

for fellow us travelers who may not have heard ... us issues travel alert over terror threats - 
worldwide travel alert 
us issues worldwide travel alert over terror threats 
us issues global travel alert until february . << !? a literally pointless notice . 
rt us state department issues global travel alert - 
rt us issues rare global travel alert over terror threats 
it is with regret that due to world events both in the usa and europe that both mark summers and jerry schilling ... 
us issues worldwide | rt 
rt bbc news - us issues rare global travel alert over terror threats 
country with 994 mass shootings in 1004 days warns its citizens that travelling abroad is dangerous . 
sometimes i wonder . how come this guys are the first to know about impending terrorist attacks ? why create ... 
why is the united state causing world panic . they are the ones always alerting and the first to know about ... 
rt us issues global travel alert for its citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " 
the has issued a worldwide alert for its citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " . 
helpful travel alert for us citizens , essentially travelling anywhere . avoid crowded places - anywhere . utter nonsense 
a reminder . 

yes it's good to get as much media coverage as poss particularly in winter ! 
winter deaths ' highest since 1999 ' 
rt 44,000 brits died of cold last winter cameron gives £6bn for climate change in other nations http … 
figures show there were an estimated 43,900 excess deaths in england & wales last winter , the highest since 1999 
rt winter deaths last year were highest since 1999 , yet osborne is going to cut public health budget … 
. ＠jeremy_hunt rt nhaparty : rt cpeedell : winter deaths last year were highest since 1999 , yet osborne is going to c … 
winter deaths of 75yrs+ was ' highest since 1999 ' . protect elderly relatives this winter with homecall - 
winter deaths in england and wales last winter , the highest number since 1999 @ 
last winter saw the highest death rate in over 75's since 1999 . what will happen this year ? 
' estimated 43,900 excess deaths in england and wales last winter , the highest number since 1999 ' via 
rt there were estimated 43,900 excess deaths in england and wales last winter , highest number since 1999 , figures show htt … 
rt bbc news - winter deaths in the uk last year were ' highest since 1999 ' 
rt the big rise in excess winter deaths is blamed on ' flu ' . no ! the cause is poor housing & fuel poverty . … 
this is troubling but not for the reason you think . this relates to last winter . says flu vaccine less effective 
winter deaths in 2014-15 ' highest since 1999 ' 
there were an estimated 43,900 excess deaths in england and wales last winter , the highest number since 1999 ,... 
winter death rates - last year was very high . less effective flu vaccine 
rt 44,000 brits died of cold last winter cameron gives £6bn for climate change in other nations h … 
there were an estimated 43,900 excess deaths in england and wales last winter , the highest number in 15 years . 

" it is the entire country that has been attacked " - president hollande 
bbcbreaking : " it is the entire country that has been attacked " - president hollande 

rt the hostage situation in roubaix is not linked to the local authorities say 
rt hostages held in northern france : hostage situation in french town of roubaix , ... 
\'hostage situation\' in northern france 
hostages freed from gunmen in france 
' hostage situation ' in northern france - bbc news 
rt hostage situation in french town of roubaix , near belgium , with several people hurt by gunshots , media reports say http … 
were these chaps from the religion-of-peace ... or isn't that relevant anymore ? 
rt ' hostage situation ' in northern french town of roubaix 
rt three armed men take hostages in town of roubaix on border w https :/ … 
bbc news - situation in northern ends 
rt rt the hostage situation in roubaix is not linked to the ... https … 
sorry ... the situation in france was apparently a bungled bank robbery ... still terrorism , but not the same : 
another terrorist attack in france ? i'm so glad that the hostages weren't harmed ! 
france is taking a few hits lately ... hope they get peace soon . 

rt charlie sheen announces he's hiv-positive , to put stop to " barrage of attacks " … 
confirms he is hiv positive - 
rt bbc news - charlie sheen confirms he is hiv positive 
just seen this re charlie sheen . it saddens me that there's still a stigma , but also angry that it's able to spread . 
rt . " charlie sheen confirms he is positive " 
charlie sheen confirms he has hiv 
if charlie sheen becomes the face of hiv will it set back attempts to educate people about it for years ? 
that's how hiv spreads in western world : “ it was " impossible " that he would have passed hiv on to anyone else ” — 
charlie sheen- " i am here to admit that i am hiv positive , " 
sad news , but i wss really shocked when someone said chsrlue sheen had aids after radio news said hiv 
sad news my favourite actor 

argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - 
argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - bbc news 
rt opposition candidate mauricio macri wins argentina presidential election run-off , according to exit polls . … 
opposition ' wins argentina presidency ' - 
argentina conservative ahead in poll 
opposition's is now confirmed winner and new in election results 
kirchenerism ending in argentina 

rt the only " setback " was obama's time in office . rt if you agree 
does this coalition still include active forces from the arab league of nations i/e saudi arabia , jordan , etc . 

rt english & french football fans sing french anthem in show of solidarity at wembley … 

rt in first instance deal obvs most important to n ireland rather than political bargaining here- here are the details https://… 
rt deal is reached between the northern ireland parties to resolve current political crisis 
after 10 weeks of talks , a way forward has been agreed on paramilitarism and welfare reform for 
deal agreed to resolve ni crisis 
who has no thumbs and just dispensed a packet of cheese & onion crisps ? this machine 
rt corporation tax cut to 12.5% poorest thrown under a bus well done sinn fein . 
northern ireland political crisis : governments and two largest parties agree deal 
n . ireland ( pop 1.8 m ) given £30m pa for dhp wales ( pop . 3.1 m ) has £22m hit - deal !!! 
bbc news - northern ireland political crisis : governments and two largest parties agree deal 
dup & sinn fein now joined at the hip >> british & irish governments and two largest parties agree deal 
rt ni political deal done i'm pleased indep benefits expert eileen evason to oversee £30m pa to mitigate https :/ … 
thank for your prayers for n ireland 
it is good to hear that there has been a step forward in the stormont agreement . for that we are thankful ! now ... 
rt tax credits compensation in ni deal …. if applied to all uk households at same rate would be worth … 
a ( nother ) deal agreed for there'll be dancing in the streets today no doubt . or something .... 
rt we've got a deal at stormont - a fresh start ? tune into for the details and more on the site … 
rt as terrorism is reluctantly tackled outside the uk here comes more sickening appeasement of the vile ira . 
oh hai ! you'll never guess what - i've just dispensed a packet of prawn cocktail crisps 
in * 2015 * , they've formally agreed not to let illegal militias tell them what to do . 
i wonder who has been stabbed in the back over this ' agreement ' ... tony 
top story : northern ireland political crisis : governments and parties agree dea … see more 
rt today's stormont deal : welfare reform process expected to start this week or next . 
northern ireland political crisis : governments and parties agree deal 
rt new deal agreed - ' a fresh start - the stormont agreement implementation plan ' but no agreement on legacy issues … 
a deal is reached between the british and irish governments and northern ireland's two largest parties ... uk 
oh hai ! you'll never guess what - i've just dispensed a packet of ready salted crisps 
3.2 million to monitor terrorists already in government . taxpayers money !! 
" an important turning point for ni " , says as deal reached to resolve the country's political crisis . 
a new deal , a new set of issues re in northern ireland 
northern ireland talks : british and irish governments and dup and sinn fein agree deal 
check me out - i've just gone and dropped the finest packet of cheese & onion crisps you'll ever taste 
rt deal agreed has £345m for welfare mitigation incl £30m /yr for bedroom tax via … 
rt n . ireland parties & govts agree a deal : another £21m for welfare reforms , incl mitigation for tax credit cuts https://… 

rt changed the game of rugby for the better . what an athlete , just phenomenal . rip jonah lomu . 
rt such a sad loss , a colossus in his sport and inspirational ambassador for those of us with 
all blacks great lomu dies aged 40 
rt all blacks rugby great dies aged 40 , after a long fight with a kidney condition … 
rt bbc sport - new zealand rugby union great dies aged 40 ;( … 
rt jonah lomu - an 18 stone and 6ft 5in try-scoring machine . rugby union remembers a legend . … 
new zealand rugby union legend jonah lomu dies aged 40 . 
jonah lomu : new zealand rugby union great dies aged 40 - 
jonah lomu : new zealand world cup winner dies aged 40 
rt " a legend " - new zealand great and former cardiff blues wing jonah lomu dies aged 40 … 
can't believe has died - so sad . 
rt tributes as new zealand legend and former cardiff blues wing jonah lomu dies aged 40 … 
rt our thoughts are with jonah lomu's family and friends 
new zealand rugby union legend jonah lomu has died aged 40 
rt tributes are being paid to new zealand rugby union great jonah lomu who has died aged 40 . … 
rt an inspiration , a rugby union great , husband & father . some of the jonah lomu tributes : … 
all blacks great lomu dies aged 40 . one of the all time greats . 
rt rugby giant jonah lomu scored 43 tries in 73 matches for new zealand between 1994 & 2002 … 
a sad day for rugby , sports fans and all who loved jonah lomu- a warm hearted giant : new zealand rugby union great 
rt so sad to hear about this , he was such a dominant force in the game . jonah lomu : dies aged 40 
rt our thoughts are with his family and friends on this day - bbc sport - jonah lomu 
rt very sad news about jonah lomu - rip new zealand rugby union great dies aged 40 
so sad a sporting great ! 
rt sporting world in mourning as rugby superstar and all black legend jonah lomu dies aged 40 » htt … 
rt rugby great dies aged 40 , after long fight against kidney condition … 

kunduz bombing : us attacked msf clinic ' in error ' 
rt electronic systems failures & human fatigue added to cause of fatal strike on msf hospital in kunduz - us general https://… 
rt us military personnel have been suspended over strike on msf hospital in kunduz , afghanistan that killed at least 30 https … 
world news : us bombed kunduz clinic ' in error ' : a us aircraft attacked a medecins sans frontieres ( msf ) clinic ... 
bombing : us attacked clinic ' in error ' 
rt strike ' was us human error ' then what ? 
kunduz bombing : us claims it attacked msf clinic ' in error ' . our response to this is on its way ... 
kunduz strike ' was us human error ' - bbc news see more 
rt msf_uk : kunduz bombing : us claims it attacked msf clinic ' in error ' . our response to this is on its way ... 
i bet this blood is on hands too , right ? 
us bombed kunduz clinic ' in error ' : a us aircraft attacked a medecins sans frontieres ( msf ) clinic in the afgh ... 
top story : kunduz strike ' was us human error ' - bbc news see more 
breaking us bombed kunduz clinic ' in error ' : a us aircraft attacked a medecins sans frontieres ( msf ) ... 
us strike on medecins sans frontieres hospital in kunduz , north afghanistan , was human error - pentagon says 
a us aircraft attacked a medecins sans frontieres ( msf ) clinic in the afghan city of kunduz because of " human error " , a us military inquiry says . 

rt tunisia president declares state of emergency after explosion on bus carrying presidential guards kills at least 12 https : … 
explosion on bus carrying presidential guards in tunis kills at least 11 people , tunisian interior ministry says 
tunisia bus of presidential guards targeted in blast 
deaths tunisia 25thnov attack group still uncertain 
tunisia blast : explosion hits bus carrying presidential guards - 
top security news 
halesdiamonds : rt bbcbreaking : tunisia president declares state of emergency after explosion on bus carrying presi … 
rt president beji caid essebsi has declared a 30-day state of emergency and the capital is under curfew .… 
blast : hits bus carrying presidential guards 
cheap flights to tunisia … … > biggest exporter of jihadis , … 
president beji caid essebsi has declared a 30-day state of emergency and the capital is under curfew . … > uk flights . 
president beji caid essebsi has declared a 30-day state of emergency & the capital ; is under curfew 
blast hits state security bus in tunis 
depressing news from tunisia . 12 killed in bomb attack on presidential guard . 

brussels lockdown : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 
rt 19 anti-terror raids were carried out in the brussels region & 3 others in charleroi , belgian prosecutor says … 
arrests in belgium anti-terror raids 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number arrests to 21 
rt belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
rt detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 https :/ … 
top story : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 
why is it the only people i can speak to on the phone cant give me an answer on a refund for my flight ? 
headline : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 

rt bbc pidgin and bbc yoruba coming soon 
bbc world service gets funding boost 
bbc world : to launch a nigerian digital service in pidgin and yoruba :-) 
to much britain everywhere good if they just sit here or gi to africa or pacistan with theirs ambitions talks 
justifying this as money well invested would be hilarious 
rt confirmed : bbc is to broadcast to ethiopia and eritrea , but in which languages ? 
rt grave mistake for bbc to accept direct govt funding . it was ok when world service was separate . worrying . … 
world service gets funding boost from government 
british government is to invest £85m a year in enhancing bbc services around the world 
war machine confirms propaganda budget - world service gets funding boost from government 
rt any good news about the world service should be good news for the world . 
bbc world service gets £85m per year funding boost from government ; aims to build reach in north korea and africa 
has received a funding boost to expand its world service 
great to see the government giving the bbc world service a big funding boost ... 
. gets funding boost from government , by 
bbc world service : enables many to hear diverse voices and different points of view where domestic media is sterile 
bbc increased funding aimed at countries with a " democracy deficit " including m east russia , n korea and 
bbc's world services funding to be boosted to £85 billion a year from 2017 : 
in democracy crisis nations such as ethiopia , bbc ws gets uk gov't funding approval for program air time 
will renewed funds restore lang services like amazing 2 bulk of ssa only reached by sw ? 
better late than never for uk govt to realise defunding the ws was stupid , i guess : 
a good call from the gov ; will make a gd difference to worldwide democracy should not have been cut in 1stplace tho 
rt 5 years after cutting funding uk govt reinvests in at last realized how valuable it is ? … 
increased funding for we all benefit . 

: " video : paris attacks : news conference " 
live : paris prosecutor delivers press conference on 
a little bit of news , keeping you in the loop . it's what we do ! video : paris attacks : news confe … 
the french prosecutor in charge of the investigation into the paris attacks gives a news conference after the … 

rt uk pm david cameron to set out a " comprehensive strategy " for dealing with islamic state extremists … 
rt uk pm david cameron says " there is a compelling case " for britain to act against is in syria https … 
rt let's remember that in 2013 , cameron wanted to bomb assad's regime , while ally saudia arabia funded and armed isis … 
pm : i will make case for strikes against is in syria 
rt ukiniraq " rt ukagainstisil : . number10gov : have strengthened the case for strikes to be … " 
rt pm : we must do more on is in syria : prime minister david cameron says he will s ... 
rt . : have strengthened the case for strikes to be extended to … 
pm : i will make case for syria strikes 
cameron using paris attacks to re-sell plan for britain bombing in syria 
pm : i will make case for strikes against is in syria - bbc news 
dc getting itchy button fingers , he wants to play and bomb raqqa into rubble . then , bomb the rubble into gravel . 
rt vic minett's here from 10 - should we bomb isis in syria ? call 0345 900 5 200 david cameron wants … 
vic minett's here from 10 - should we bomb isis in syria ? call 0345 900 5 200 david cameron wants mp's to back plans 
on the big phone in today - do you hope your mp votes to bomb isis in syria ? your view at 9am 
rt pm cameron : paris attack strengthens case for strikes against 
rt uk : prime minister david cameron has said parliament will hold a vote on whether or not to bomb in syria . … 
david cameron to set out is strategy 
rt airstrikes in syria won't work , cameron should be acting against muslims in the uk they are a bigger threat … 
mr c get your own act in order first please look who you've let in to the uk - nutters - 
rt desperate for a slice of the pie .. 

bbcnewsnight : more detail on the here full analysis on 22.30 b … 
great news but the govt would have made cuts if they hadn't been stopped . tories - attack lower paid & protect rich 
great news ! well done review : george osborne u-turn over tax credits - bbc news 
spending review : george osborne u-turn over tax credits 
spending review : george osborne u-turn over tax credits - bbc news 
rt " george osborne is to scrap planned cuts to tax credits altogether " . mother of all u-turns . 
spending review : george osborne u-turn - who says corbyn hasnt been effective ? " on the backs of the poor " 
rt spending review : george osborne u-turn over tax credits 
more detail on the here full analysis on 22.30 bbc two 
_rt_ bbcnewsnight : more detail on the here .. full analysis on 
it's a minor and short victory concerning working tax credits as it will still be reduced and lost when universal ... 
web dsign 
osborne u-turn over tax credit cuts ... 
great news for and in not sure can find more efficiency savings tho ' :-/ 
seo website builder spending revi ... 
spending review : george osborne scraps cuts to tax credits 
hacksperger's top story : spending review 2015 : house building cash amid cuts - … see more 
excellent graph at historical growth all over the place . forecast " completely constant for next 5 years " . really ? 
now , how did this happen ? 
rt what you need to know about george osborne scrapping cuts to tax credits … 
spending review : george osborne to pledge housing cash amid cuts - bbc news 
security ' at heart of spending review ' 
spending review department of health to cut 25% from whitehall budget . police saved from cuts . 
spending review : george osborne scraps cuts to tax credits there are cuts & efficiency savings 
rt george osborne announces government spending plans today which includes new money for housebuilding - great news ! https :/ … 
who has no thumbs and just dispensed a packet of cheese & onion crisps ? this machine 
so if the house of lords hadn't stepped in , millions of people would have suffered needlessly ??? 
please can my group prepare 300 words on for tomorrow's lesson should be doing anyway ! 
tax credit cuts scrapped further to 
spending review : george osborne scraps cuts to tax credits - bbc news 
spending review : george osborne scraps cuts to tax credits - you will burn in hell for murdering the sick 
george osborne has scrapped planned cuts to tax credits altogether - rather than just ease their impact - in his ... 
bbc today : tax credit cuts scrapped - osborne 
we are pleased to see that will continue into 2016 , we'll be very interested to see what the details will be . 
spending review : george osborne scraps cuts to tax credits - don't murder the sick instead then ! 
it was always a stunt and labour walked right into it 
spending review : george osborne scraps cuts to tax credits - leave the sick alone and get the skamer alkies junkies 
these local tory mp's are a bit quiet .. well , spin your way out of this still waiting .... 
they ain't going to cut tax credit .. 
in the words of usher , " it's called the u-turn " 
it's official : the credits cuts have been scrapped ! > 
osborne to unveil homes cash amid cuts . read more ... 
spending review : george osborne scraps cuts to tax credits 😀 
spending review : george osborne scraps cuts to tax credits osborne should've said earlier & prevented worry 
chancellor scraps proposed cuts to tax credits . 
well this is exciting !! 
well it looks like good news on tax credits and pensions . need to see the detail before i dance a jig ... 
rt how will today's autumn statement affect the housing industry ? housebuilding and affordable homes will be a priority htt … 
rt some justice : george osborne scraps cuts to tax credits 
chancellor scraps the planned cuts to tax credits 
wow ! what a u turn ! 
key points in that osborne claims puts " economic & national security " first 
george osborne does a u-turn on cuts to tax credits and vows to protect police funding in his spending review . 

belgian police issue picture of mohamed abrini , wanted in connection with 
attacks : ringleader abaaoud ' was near ' bataclan theatre - bbc news : 
rt abdelhamid abaaoud was in vicinity of bataclan theatre while police operation was ongoing , says paris prosecutor … 
rt warrant issued for new paris suspect 
paris attacks : ringleader abaaoud ' was near ' bataclan theatre - 
paris ' ringleader was near bataclan ' 
rt issue picture wanted in connection htt … 
paris attacks : warrant issued for new suspect mohamed abrini - bbc news 
top story : paris attacks : warrant issued for new suspect mohamed abrini - bbc n … see more 

easy and amazing way to make cool money 
jesus . 
update : french authorities detain terror suspects . woman blows herself up . 
our thoughts are with everyone affected in any way by these awful events . 
some quick action in retaliation of the 
its time 
when justice will bring to victims of 
good !!! well done ! catch them ! 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : police operation ongoing in saint denis . benbrownbbc is at the … 
police operation ongoing in saint denis . benbrownbbc is at the scene 
police operation ongoing in saint denis . is at the scene 
watch coverage from st denis by 

hollywood star denzel washington will be honoured at next year's golden globe awards . 
liveentertainment live : 17 november 2015 
three more contestants join i'm a celebrity . 
ryan gosling confirms role in bladerunner 2 . 
peter andre says he has no chance of winning strictly . 
top story : entertainment live : adele releases new song and other news - bbc news see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; entertainment live : adele releases new song … see more 
top story : mindcasters entertainment live : adele releases new song and other ne … see more 
top story : linux and open source , entertainment live : adele releases new song a … see more 
top entertainment live : adele releases new song and other news - bbc news see more 
top story : entertainment live : adele releases new song and other news - b … see more 
world of showbiz : brand new music from 

robinson to step down ' within weeks ' 
peter robinson : northern ireland first minister says the time is right to quit 
sure he can piss up his nama money on hols now . peter robinson : ni first minister says the time is right to quit - 
peter robinson : northern ireland first minister to quit within weeks - 
robinson says the time is right to quit ... 
northern ireland first minister says the time is right to quit another step forward to ireland independence . 
bbc news - northern ireland first minister says the time is right to quit 
so long , stinky pete . i cling to the faint hope that your successor is a better human being than you are . 
peter robinson : ni first minister set to quit within weeks ... 
rt bbc news - peter robinson : northern ireland first minister says time is right to quit - here's to … 
bbc news - peter robinson : northern ireland first minister says time is right to quit - here's to you mr robinson 
i would be pleased about this if i wasn't so sure that we'll just be exchanging kang for kodos . 
drinking tonight . 🎉 
rt good riddance to peter ( the punt ) robinson . he has seriously damaged unionism lundy ht … 
rt peter robinson stepping down to spend more time with iris 
rt peter robinson : ni first minister set to retire from politics 
now his wing man has moved to scotland he can't go on- 
better late than never , peter ... 
it's probably wishful thinking but maybe progress will be able to be made now .... nah , doubt it 😢 - 
on a purely non-political note , i’m not surprised by this : 
rt peter robinson announces he will quit northern irish politics within weeks 
meaning the successors will be arlene foster or nigel dodds ... dear oh dear ... 
must have got that house in america , ole arlene weres the boots now . 

subscribe to our twitter list of bbc journalists covering 
rt want to keep up to date with the 2015 ? subscribe to our twitter list : … 
we've a twitter list of bbc journalists reporting on subscribe here : 

: extended over ' imminent threat ' - 
obama says paris attacks aren't ' new normal ' . new normal is actually european cities locked down to prevent attacks 
we won't let the terrorists change our way of life , except for maybe having europe's capitals on indefinite lockdown 
rt we won't let terrorists change our way of life , except for maybe having europe's capitals on indefinite lockdown … 
brussels alert to stay at highest level 
“ imminent threat ” 
marshal law in belgium ? here we stand in late 2015 with the capital city of europe , brussels , in its third day ... 
citizens in brussels have been warned off the streets amid fears of a serious and imminent terrorist attack 
' imminent threat ' extends brussels alert 
bloody nightmare =\ 
top story : brussels alert ' stays at highest level ' - bbc news see more 
rt paris attacks : brussels alert stays at highest level 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; brussels alert ' stays at highest level ' - bb … see more 
brussels alert extended over ' imminent threat ' , 16 arrests in belgium fugitive salah abdeslam not among them - bbc 
rt belgian pm says brussels security alert status to stay at highest level 
not to make it sound trivial , but can you really refer to someone who's alive as a suicide bomber ? 
【brussels has been on lockdown all weekend , amid a manhunt for suspected paris attacker salah abdeslam . 】 

conservative mauricio macri wins argentina presidency 
let's hope macri brings sanity back to argentinian position on falklands & ending kirchner's dangerous rhetoric 
rt bbc news - mauricio wins presidency 
one down , one to go ; ) 
conservative wins argentina presidency 
argentina rediscovers a bit of political common sense 
bit of hope for argentina ; can't be any worse than that dreadful de kirchner woman 
conservative mauricio macri wins presidency 
narrowly votes out peronists and opts for centre-right macri as president 
a fresh start for argentina 
i hope that macri's victory will bring prosperity and an end to destructive populism in 
conservative victory bad , but mind-numbing populist bullshit from the other side dug its own grave . 
with macri's victory , argentina inaugurates a new cycle in latin american politics . 
makes a bold move and a positive one ! 
this seems a sound decision . here's hoping that this will bring an end to peronist style populism . i would like to … 
i remember the after first round , crowing how the left wing candidate had won by a ' landslide ' - ooops 
wow ! now heres hoping he diesnt do a menem ... 
change for 
rt top story in questo momento : conservative mauricio macri wins argentina preside … see more http … 

rt £15m from " tampon tax " to fund women's health charities - chancellor … 
rt " get a grip " and " take up yoga , " speaker john bercow tells mp during … 
rt " now is not the time for further police cuts " says george osborne in … 
rt george osborne says he has listened to concerns over … 
spending review and autumn statement - bbc news see more 
rt more " access to talking therapies " for patients - chancellor … 
rt the moment john mcdonnell pulled out mao's little red book 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; spending review and autumn statement - bbc n … see more 
rt " i'll double the housing budget to £2bn a year " - chancellor … 
top story from ba1 records times : spending review and autumn statement - bbc ne … see more 
in his autumn statement , george osborne has said the £4.4 bn tax credit cuts will be scrapped completely . 
labour have now issue a critical statement , and ukip have claimed the credit for cut 
rt retweeted bbc news ( uk ) ( " get a grip " and " take up yoga , " speaker john bercow tells mp during ... … 
rt tax credits u-turn shows " we were not in this together " - shadow chancellor … 
rt great news ! gb can " go for gold " in rio & tokyo with 29% funding increase for uk sport 🇬🇧👍 https :/ … 
rt george osborne says “ improved public finances ” means he doesn't need to cut … 

rt " heavy , heavy gunfire " - saint denis residents told to stay indoors , bbc reporter told … 

rt 19 nationalities among dead in & many under 30 years old - french president https://… 
rt " france is at war " , french president tells rare meeting of houses of parliament , versailles https … 
rt france will intensify operations in syria , where were " decided and planned " , french president says … 
rt bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : france will intensify operations in syria , where were " decided and planned … https : … 
video : hollande addresses french congress : via 

rt president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information 
looks like the only sane politician in america . 
video : obama and hollande news conference : president obama and president hollande … 
bbc news - obama and hollande news conference after white house meeting 
rt bbcbreaking : president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information , in wake … 

british government just pinched a lot of your doctors and flew them to britain 
we'd like to give a warm welcome to the syrian refugees who have arrived in glasgow today ! qassem , who arrived ... 
rt ~ 100 refugees landed in as part of the vulnerable persons relocation scheme : bbc rep … 
rt refugees fleeing & brutality arrived in uk today as part of vpr scheme . the uk welcomes them https … 
refugees flight lands in 
bbc reports warm welcome to refugees landing in as part of the vulnerable persons relocation scheme : 
refugees flight lands in - will the peace of the scottish hebrides be disturbed by call to prayers ? 
rt momentous day | scotland shows the way 
syrian refugee group to arrive in uk via bbc 
fast track , free house and pounds to fund more attacks while the government closes their eyes 
" shopkeeper baljit promises to order special foods for new syrian neighbours " 
~ 100 refugees landed in as part of the vulnerable persons relocation scheme : bbc reports warm welcome 
syrian refugee group set to arrive in uk - bbc news 
i wish all the families that have arrived in scotland warmth safety & security , things we all take for granted ️xx 
the stories behind the syrian refugees and one scottish community waiting their arrival 
scotland welcomes the syrian refugees . although it's cold here , hope your welcome on bute is warm 
is pleased to have organised the first charter arrival of to read more here : 
rt around 100 syrian refugees are due to arrive in the uk today from refugee camps in jordan and lebanon via http … 
no harm to them but seriously the min they walk of the plane they get housing , what about our own that sleep rough ! 
syrian refugees flight lands in i'm glad they've done it discreetly . 
bbc news - syrian refugees arrive in scotland . 0615 
syrian refugee group arrive in uk 
truly welcome . syrian refugees land in 
rt breaking : a flight carrying a group of syrian refugees has touched down at glasgow airport htt … 
gov’t foisting as hundred — then thousands — of ‘ imported at expense … 
from syria to the east end of glasgow . sometimes life ain't fair . 
the first group of syrian refugees have arrived in the uk under the govt's expanded resettlement scheme 
rt syrian refugee group set to arrive in uk - these people are among the 20,000 selected because they need special help … 
been a long day reporting for from the isle of bute , where 15 syrian families will be resettled . 
rt about 100 syrian refugees have landed in uk - the largest group to arrive since the government expanded its scheme https … 

rt germany-netherlands match called off after serious bomb threat , says hanover police chief https://… 

rt images coming through of armed police in saint denis suburb - latest on here : https : … 

boy , 15 , from plymouth , charged over cyber attacks on international websites and bomb hoaxes on us airlines 
global cyber attacks 
boy , 15 , charged over cyber attacks 
15 y/o boy from plymouth , uk , charged with attacking websites & making bomb hoaxes to us airlines via social media 
plymouth boy , 15 , charged over global 
bbc news 15yr old british boy charged over cyber attacks on international websites & bomb hoaxes against us airlines 
a 15-year-old from plymouth is charged over cyber attacks on international websites and bomb hoax ... 
police say cyber attack charges are not thought to relate to the talktalk attack - ( pic : pa ) 
bbc news - boy , 15 , charged over 
breaking : plymouth boy , 15 , charged over international cyber attacks 
boy 15 charged with uk usa bomb hoaxes 
news : 15-year-old boy from plymouth charged with and bomb hoaxes 
plymouth - the uk's real second city . 

paris attacks : police in deadly swoop on apartment in northern suburb - 
police sources say saint denis shooting was connected to hunt for fugitives 
rt heavy shooting heard in northern paris suburb of saint denis during police operation 
paris attacks : heavy shooting heard in northern suburb 
paris attacks : deadly police swoop on apartment in northern suburb 
two die in hunt for ' mastermind ' - 
two die in hunt for paris ' mastermind ' 
rt " heavy shooting heard north of paris : heavy shooting is heard in the northern paris suburb of sai ... … 
rt remarkable john woo-style image from this morning . this is an picture on the bbc site . https :/ … 
paris attacks : police swoop on apartment in northern suburb - 
top story : ' heavy shooting ' heard north of paris - bbc news see more 
rt 2 people killed in paris raid , inc female suspect who blew herself up with suicide belt … 
ah , the word ' mastermind ' again ! let's not feed isis's narrative and glamourise brutish , mindless criminals 
don’t be fooled by depicting ‘ as mothers and children . women are too … 
paris attacks : 2 die in hunt for " mastermind " abaaoud . 
why call these cowards ' masterminds' ? they are far from it , call them what they are ... scum . 
deadly paris raid on attacks suspects 
bbc news - woman blows herself up & a suspect is shot dead during police raid on a flat in paris , seven arrests made 
can't understand why j corbyn wasn't called to talk to them . lives could have been saved . 😞 
rally for peace in brussels district associated with gunmen 
- so does she get 72 virgins too ? islam they tell me is all about equality & empowerment of women . 
4th picture down in this news story - notice the pigeon 
a woman has blown herself up & a suspect shot dead during a raid in a while 7 arrests were made 
rt ' heavy shooting ' heard north of paris during police operation 
paris raid on \'terror boss\': two dead 
soldiers on the streets . 
footballers £30k a day some of them in premiership vs these guys £30k a year . you cant even compare the two . wrong 
all 129 victims of the have been identified , a french government spokesman says 
attacks : 2 suspects die in hunt for ' mastermind ' abaaoud incl female suicide bomber who detonated herself 

the word for goosebumps is chair de poule . 
i just can't . i'm so scared for the world 😨 
france is at war 
he needs to wake up obama with that message !!! 
shades of gwb post 9/11 . but we need a steady cool hand 
unfortunately for the dead . that woke you up froggy . 
great . just what we need ! 

rt 19 nationalities among dead in & many under 30 years old - french president https://… 
rt bbcbreaking : 19 nationalities among dead in & many under 30 years old - french president … 

rt . to hold extraordinary meeting in brussels at turkey's request , after downing of russian jet in syria … 
rt russia says warplane shot down by turkish jets in syria did not enter turkish airspace … 
rt shooting down of russian jet will have " serious consequences " for moscow's relations with turkey - vladimir putin https://… 
rt - russian jet shot down in syria - turkey : warnings ignored - russia denies violating airspace latest : … 
rt this is bad news :| 
rt nato to hold extraordinary mtng in brussels at request , after downing of russian jet in … 
21.00 bbc halts coverage of shooting down of russian warplane . … 
you can bet that is at its highest status of alert over nato member shooting down russian warplane .. 
top story warplane shot down at syria border with … see more 

eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning 
rt eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning htt … 
rt bbcbreaking : eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning … 
rt bbcbreaking : eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mour … 
rt tariqnoorkhan : eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mo … 

pm announces defence review . amazing how the no brain politicos who led us into this mess think they can get us out . 
video : pm announces defence and security review - 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of an … top story 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of … 
bbc news - pm announces defence and security review 
david cameron gives details of an additional £12bn of equipment spending , as he outlines the strategic defence and … 
live : pm announces defence and security review via 

david cameron holding talks with french president hollande 
david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande - bbc news 
david cameron : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
world united in terror fight - cameron 
in uk interest : pm only in dave's tory interest .. we're safer if we leave middle east alone . 
cameron view : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - rest of the world fighting daesh 
christmas cancelled peace to all men put on hold - world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' 
pm holding talks with french president 
we will never defeat is it's one of the most commonly used words ! seriously tho call them daesh , not a ' state ' 
i dunno man , it doesnt seem like bombs and guns will actually stop them , and will probably help their cause ? 
pm to hold talks with french president 
rt prime minister to told talks with francois hollande on c o-o peration against isil . 
cameron and hollande meet in paris to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
if the ' world ' was united , we wouldn't be fighting 
top story : get your tank refill now david cameron to hold talks with french pre … see more 
[ news botfeed top story ] david cameron to hold talks with french president holl … see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; david cameron to hold talks with french pres … see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : david cameron to hold talks with french … see more 
david cameron : uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - bbc news 
top story david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande … see more 

