rt turkish military officials say russian warplane shot down after warnings it was violating airspace 
rt ' shoots down warplane on syria border ' 
turkey ' down russian warplane on syria border ' - bbc news 
rt syria border region where turkey has reportedly shot down a russian military aircraft https://… 
hey , no problem .... let's send 100,000 troops into the middle of this mess ! on one hand , the turks are justified ... 
turkey downs near syria-turkey border : ( vine by 
rt as ww3 gets a step closer , in westminster labour's career politicians vote for corporal cameron's lies . … 
rt turkey ' downs russian warplane on syria border ' 
turkey shoots down russian warplane on syria border - 
rt that'll help : " turks ' downed russia warplane in 
' warplane shot down in syria ' by turks - bbc news 
rt bbc news - ' warplane shot down in syria ' by turks 
this is getting scary now . 
rt are the two sides taking this straight out of the wish list ? still hopeful at least one calm mind remains . … 
turkey shoots down russian warplane on syria border - bbc news 
turks ' downed russia warplane in syria ' 
of all the worlds religions , islam is the most demanding of respect while doing the least … 
rt cool heads needed now as start of scenario played out over " turkish " skies 
rt wars have started for less . bbc : turkey ' down russian warplane on syria border ' 
bugger . 
rt turks ' down russian warplane in syria ' : the turkish military says it has shot down a russian war ... … 

pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal to create drugs giant 
bbc news - pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal to create drugs giant 
.. very sceptical of self-serving 👎🏾 seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant 
puck off 
pfizer seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant - via 
pfizer and allergan $160 billion deal sealed to create drugs giant 
- pharmaceuticals companies struggle to cope with patents on a number of major drugs expiring 
seals $160bn allergan - bbc 
this is an interesting inversion deal ! which will create new opportunities for all employees . i have been working … 
pfizer made history by investing in the largest deal ever for £106bn . . 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan takeover 
rt pfizer seals $160bn allergan takeover 
bbc news : pfizer seals $160bn allergan inversion takeover to offshore the profits , pay half the taxes 
pfizer seals 60bn allergan takeover 
rt pfizer seals $160bn deal to buy allergan . relocating hq to dublin will see pfizer tax bill lowered from 35% to 12.5% … 
ireland deal for international business , pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal change of hq address soon ? 
say it hillary , these companies setting up in low population countries with low tax rates , rips us off , us and uk . 
inv€r$ion seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant 
mib - example of m&a with tax advantage 
blindin ' tax dodge 
pfizer one step closer to world domination 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal - trap for a life time won't even come close to a % of this wake up people 

rt president francois hollande addresses french mayors . watch live … 
rt bbcbreaking : president francois hollande addresses french mayors . watch live … 
president francois hollande addresses french mayors . watch live via bbc 

rt uk police now treating disappearance of leicestershire teenager kayleigh haywood as murder 
kayleigh haywood case ' treated as murder ' - 
parents !!! who are your daughters talking to on ?? 
is a safer environment for young women than 
kayleigh case ' treated as murder ' 
i hope they find her safe and well 
" we just need to know what has happened to our baby girl , " say parents of kayleigh haywood 
so sad and so close to home too . 
police say they are now treating the disappearance of leicestershire teenager kayleigh haywood as murder . 
kayleigh haywood case now being treated as 

the uk should have a referendum on reintroducing the death penalty i would certainly vote for it 
kayleigh family ' devastated ' by find ... 
kayleigh haywood : family ' devastated ' after body is found 
kayleigh search police find body 
rt police searching for missing 15-year-old kayleigh haywood say they have found a body in a field in leicestershire . http … 
kayleigh haywood search police find body 
body found believed to be kayleigh 
this is my local area and my local routes . this saddens me greatly . poor lass 
kayleigh haywood's family ' devastated ' after body is found 
yet another girl murdered .. my heart goes out to her family .. 
body found believed to be missing teenager 
absolutely shocking , someone would take a young girls life and destroy a family like this . 
rt my heart goes out to kayleigh's family & friends as a mother to a 14 yr old it's heartbreaking news … 
why the hell does a young girl take off with men she has never met ?!!! 
another missing teen , always girl aged 13-17 
another sad outcome 
gender violence men should unite with women to eradicate body found believed missing teenager 
my heart goes out to kayleigh haywood's family at this bloody awful time . poor poor girl .... 
another girl kidnapped & murdered . there's a war on women right here , right everywhere 

rt french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament … 
rt french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament https :/ … 

: " germany friendly called off " 
rt german football stadium evacuated over security alert and germany-netherlands match cancelled 
germany friendly stadium evacuated 
rt the hannover stadium hosting germany's friendly with the netherlands is being evacuated . … 
germany v netherlands friendly called off after bomb threat - 
germany p-p netherlands . 
wasn't just france though . can't exactly blame people for not wanting to visit europe right now 
rt germany's football match with the netherlands is called off due to security concerns … 
in germany however it was a different story with the game being called off due to a bomb scare 
rt germany v netherlands friendly called off for security concerns in hannover . 
rt germany's friendly vs the netherlands tonight has been cancelled for ' security reasons ' . … 
v friendly called off after bomb threat - 
sad state when our way of life and living have us questioning every outing we plan on attending ! 

in october , rpi fell to 0.7% from 0.8% in september . meanwhile , cpi remained at - 0.1% 
the ons report on prices falling by 14% on an annual basis 
uk inflation rate remains negative . 
. has announced that the uk’s inflation rate remained at 0.1% this october . 
says uk cpi stays at - 0.1% in oct . while rpindex fell to 0.7% -lowest since nov09 
interest rates also set to remain low ? 
as inflation rate remains negative how will this benefit & ? 
good news for many 
uk house prices up by 6.1% 
inflation rate - 0.1% in october - bbc news 
yr13 econ & bus - inflation stays down ... 
uk still negative in october . rate rise could be further in the future than previously thought 
the rate as measured by the consumer prices index remained at - 0.1% in october - 
remains negative in october 
the uk’s inflation rate remained at - 0.1% in october according to the office for national statistics : 
with inflation this low , doesn't look like interest rates will be rising anytime soon ... 
rt remains negative in october 
uk inflation remains negative in october . 
as economics : not there yet but vital you start following inflation trends now 
uk's rate remains negative with and prices falling by 2.7% in 

rt french police want help to identify man they believe was suicide bomber at stade de france https :/ … 

how do i remove the image of corbyn from my opening screen for bbc live ? 
bbc news channel 
tune into now , is on discussing is and hunting season 
the legendary talks to at 1745 on the channel - watch it on tv or streamed here : 
britain's most-watched news channel , delivering breaking news and analysis all day , every day . 
french interior minister makes statement after suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud confirmed dead " 
digital cinema media bans the lord's prayer from uk cinemas in wake of paris . 

continuing coverage of the saint denis police operation 
rt bbcbreaking : continuing coverage of the saint denis police operation 
rt continuing coverage of the police operation … 


video : hollande addresses french mayors 
a little bit of news , keeping you in the loop . it's what we do ! video : hollande addresses french … 
french president francois hollande addresses an assembly of the mayors of france in the wake of last week's attacks … 

french president due to address both houses of parliament in versailles . watch live : 

world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says " 
world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says … via 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live … see more 
residents & told us what life in lockdown is like 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live updates - bbc news see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - … see more 
paris attacks : 21 arrests in belgium - live updates 
brussels in lockdown the latest on the hunt for salah abdeslam from 
bbc news : summary unavailable 
16 people arrested in belgium . it is so far unconfirmed how many of them were cats 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium . follow live updates here : 
live updates on - 



rt charlie sheen announces he's hiv-positive , to put stop to " barrage of attacks " … 

tutorial on monday : russia and drugs . what if the trust goes out of sport ? 
russia ruled in breach of doping code 
russia ruled in breach of wada code 
doping : ' .. 15 kenyans currently banned for doping ... pound also alleged that kenya has a " real problem with doping " 
does it have any ? > ordered to explain its controls or join those countries under scrutiny . bbc sport 
also wada's naughty list is getting a bit long 
rt russia one of six countries ruled to be in breach of the world anti-doping agency's codes . … 
six countries , including russia , are ruled " non-compliant " with the world anti-doping agency's codes . 
athletics lead story athletics doping scandal : russia ruled in breach of wada c … see more 
russia is one of six countries ruled to be in breach of the world anti-doping agency's codes … 
was this really something that people were not expecting ? and ... if every national ... 
2014 wc finalists in breach of wada anti doping codes . 3 other wc winners and current world no . 1 on wactch list 
is team gb handicapping it's own athlete's with strict drug testing ... 
think there are more countries than these six .... 
rt and ruled to be in breach of the world anti-doping agency'…https:/… 
russia in breach of wada code > argentina , ukraine , bolivia , andorra , israel also ' non-compliant ' 
ruled in breach of code 

french president calls for turkey-syria border to close as " matter of urgency " to stop terrorists coming to europe 
paris attacks : hollande and obama to intensify anti-is push , 
even a fellow socialist of yours wants the borders closed 
" we will do everything in our power to defend our nation , " president obama says 

actor charlie sheen reveals he is hiv-positive , in interview on us television 
charlie sheens face when there is a mosquito in the same room as you and him 

rt russia's security chief says a " terror act " brought down russian plane in egypt killing all 224 people on board https :/ … 
russia plane crash : ' terror act ' downed a321 over egypt's sinai ,!!!! 
russia confirmed this week that russian airliner was brought down by ' terrorist act ' 
rt russia steps up attacks on is in syria after saying " act of terror " brought down plane … 
it's official : ' terror act ' downed a321 over egypt's sinai - 
' act of terror ' downed russian plane 
rt from outset i warned a bomb , not missile , perhaps downed sinai plane now seemingly confirmed https … 
( because let's face it . russia is not the enemy nor are it's people . they are ... 
now says that a ' terror act ' bombing did down their a321 airliner over egypt . likely by 
that useful horrific act that can allow russia to shift its focus to coalition in the making ? 
' terror act ' downed russian plane 
rt ' terror act ' downed a321 over egypt's sinai > … … > cheap flights > … … https :/ … 
is have fucked up now ... - 
russia plane crash : ' terror act ' downed a321 over egypt . spreading thin , same mistake hitler made tbh fam smhh 

politicians reinventing the wheel to please the worried public . i am sure there will be lots of soldiers reorganised … 
10,000 troops could be on streets - pm 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 
rt they simply will not fund the police will they ! a military response means nothing as we will be the 1st responders ! https : … 
a ' war ' = militarisation : cameron's defence spending review comments blur military-police counter-terror boundary 
bbc news - defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 
defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 
rt huge respect for our armed services but they are not a police service and are subject to political control . … 
uk news : strategic defence review tav commentary : apart from this not being a response to terrorism and ... 
trident now costing almost £500 per head 
repression coming to uk soon 
the grand old duke of cameron he deployed ( up to ) 10,000 men and when the threat was over he made them redundant >> 
defence review : 10000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - bbc news 
' 10,000 troops ' to tackle terror attacks 
no money for the people millions for war : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - 
today has been a good day for our armed forces . very pleased with the strategic defence and security review . 
are a threat to liberty , peace and security so let's buy more arms 
all things considered , a pretty decent defence review . 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attack and other ideas . by 2025 . 2025 ?! 
well done you found a ise for all the body bags labour bought 
terror should demand nothing less than 100% of our entire , on-going defense budget 
defence . 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - t trident wouldn't be ready until 2030's what's the point ? 
rt bbc news - review : could put 10,000 troops on uk streets to deal with … 
review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - necessary as a minimum . 
all these jets and nuclear missiles will be perfect for taking out a handful of gunmen in a residential area 
it's a start , bit still nowhere near enough . 
is this providing the means to defend ?...... 
rt democratically accountable civil defence , yes ; strike brigades , paramilitary policing and trident , no- … 
rt defence review : pm could send 10,000 troops on to streets - 
troops on streets to do their jobs if attacked . £31bn so trident can do its job . against ? 
can the rapid force help to feed the increasing number of people going to foodbanks . bbc news - defence review : pm 
rt so the minute any threat or attack happens in the uk , we get ordered around by soldiers ? 
rt £12bn of welfare cuts by & and remarkably an extra £12bn found for the military … 

rt eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning htt … 
rt europe falls silent for one minute to remember victims of the 
rt mumbai shows solidarity , lighting up its main railway station - 
rt eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning https : … 
rt french police release photo of abdeslam salah , man sought in connection with https :/ … 
rt french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament … 
rt french police say main suspect salah abdeslam is on the run and " dangerous " … 
rt france launches massive airstrikes in syria , attacking the is stronghold of raqqa … 
bells of notre dame cathedral toll ahead of memorial service for victims of 
rt black seat car used by gunmen during paris attacks is found , as six people linked to suspect are arrested - police htt … 
rt several weapons found in abandoned car in paris suburb , supporting theory that some gunmen escaped … 
latest from molenbeek , belgium , where police operation is under way 
french prime minister confirms overnight raids by terror police took place , in connection with 
panicked crowds flee place de la republique in paris but all clear now given 
rt details are beginning to emerge of some of the 129 victims of 
rt france holds a minute of silence for the victims of the continuous coverage … 
rt the scene outside one of the restaurants targeted in as people pay respects … 

cancels more sharm el-sheikh flights 
everyday , every story ( almost ) in the news has a common thread . islam/terror . go figure . 
brainlessmuzzos : rt adamaston57 : everyday , every story ( almost ) in the news has a common thread . islam/terror . go … 
airlines cancel more sharm el-sheikh flights 
bbc it was " excellent news " - but easyjet should have cancelled the flights sooner . 
" the safety and security of our customers will continue to be our top priorities in any decisions we may make . " 
airlines cancel sharm el-sheikh flights 
rt british airways cancels flights between egypt's sharm el-sheikh and uk until 14 january 
ba and easyjet cancel all flights between and the until january 
easyjet cancels sharm el-sheikh flights 
ba quote ' safety priority ' . why are not monarch following ba & easyjet ? is it the money ? 

alton towers smiler ride crash due to 
alton towers ride crash not due to human error , is a wider system error , trevor kletz would turn in his grave ... 
bbc news - alton towers smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
rt human error caused alton towers rollercoaster crash in june that seriously injured five people , uk theme park says http … 
merlin group are distancing themselves despite not verifying the system of operation . 
yeah it's been in the news . 
misinterpreted a shutdown message and did the complete opposite . criminal - smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
alton towers crash due to \'human error\' 
human error caused alton towers accident , apparently . 
alton towers smiler crash caused by human error . surely a design fault to allow human error to come in to play ? 
rt alton towers says smiler rollercoaster to re-open in 2016 after " human error " caused crash https :/ … 
well , well well . 
' human error ' caused alton towers crash . 
human error ? lets delve deeper -training maybe or ask why is such a critical system able2b manually overridden ?! 
smiler crash at alton towers , that seriously injured five people , was caused by human error . 
roller coaster crash investigation blames ' human error ' as hse investigation continues : 
i think the smiler ride should be demolished as a mark of respect to those who were badly injured . 
staff misunderstood critical safety message in crash 
rt ' human error ' is being blamed for the alton towers crash . but what does ' human error ' mean ? … 
just delivered accident investigation training today hope they went past immediate cause human factors complicated - 
awks ... 
surely a system which lets some chewing gum popping holiday temp override a crash warning has a design error too ? 
rt alton towers smiler crash was caused by " human error " . story still breaking , more news as we get it . … 
was there no auto computer fail safe backup 
thought you may want to see this . if you haven't already :) 
if is the conclusion of this report , then nothing will be learned- alton towers playing the blame game ? 
rt ' human error ' caused crash say the 
so not really human error at all then . poor training or poor design instead - smiler ride crash due to ' human error ' 
bbc news alton towers smiler ride crash was ' human error ' bbc news human error caused the alton towers … 
human error stated as cause of tragic crash . say protocols not followed 
i wish they wouldn't re-open the ride though 
alton towers rollercoaster , the smiler , crash was human error and is due to reopen in 2016 . read more here : 
no rollercoaster should be able to endanger peoples lives ( or limbs ) through simple human error . poor design . 
not reassuring - how can we have confidence in thrill rides when we know that they are vulnerable to ' human error ' 
alton towers crash was \'human error\' 
do you read this and think people are idiots or that the safeguards needed improving ? 

easy and amazing ways to make money 
easy and amazing way to make cool money 
bbcbreaking " french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group 
george w . bush revisited ... 
does he want obummer to actually do something ? 
i think that we should flush out all the people in isis/isil that are in our country first . 
wants to meaninglessly drop even more bombs . 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition agains … 
french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group … 
france's retaliation intended to become our war ... indeed hollande invokes isil as threat to " the whole world . " 
here comes 1984 ! 
not contain them , eliminate them period . 
that means you , belize 

how parisians are marking one week on from deadly 
rt the police dog killed during the raid was a belgian malinois called diesel . live update at … 
rt germany-netherlands match called off after serious bomb threat , says hanover police chief https://… 
rt 115,000 police and army personnel mobilised to provide security across france … 
rt one person taken in for questioning in belgium as raids linked to suspects end 
rt bbcbreaking : french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group … 
rt french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group … 
rt woman who died in saint-denis flat raided by police after formally identified as hasna aitboulahcen https://… 
rt no explosives found inside hannover stadium , says german interior minister after bomb threat led to evacuation … 
rt ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud involved in 4 of 6 attacks foiled by france - interior minister … 
rt police operation ongoing in saint denis . is at the scene … 
rt they " threw grenades " during police raid says deputy commander … 
rt images coming through of armed police in saint denis suburb - latest on here : https : … 
rt french police raid in follow continuing coverage … 
rt roads leading to st denis have been blocked , bbc's reports from the scene … 
rt the scene in paris exactly a week on from that killed 130 people 
rt three suspects reported killed , two arrested in ongoing paris police and army raid on apartment in saint denis https://… 
rt " heavy , heavy gunfire " - saint denis residents told to stay indoors , bbc reporter told … 
europe must " act fast , swiftly & amp ; strongly " to defeat terrorism " 
◾️the scene in exactly a week on from that killed 130 people 
rt " it is the entire country that has been attacked " - president hollande … 

knee-jerk react to actions of extremists with war on isil/isis/is/daesh - none of those describe a country ! 
what use ' compelling case ' only after massacres in neighborhood ? 
labour and the snp must to wake up and realise that action is required in syria . we cannot stand on the sidelines . 
fuckin moron 
he means we want to go get rid of assad and we need to do it soon do us a favour and fuck off 
ha ha ha , compelling case , just like compelling case of wmd in iraq 
the emphasis should not be put upon ' syria ' , but upon ' against is ' . hope ' in few days ' this approach'll be proved 
headlines : bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david cameron says " there is a … see more 
top story : bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david cameron says " there is a … see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david c … see more 
top story : mindcasters bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david cameron says … see more 
top story : linux and open source , bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david ca … see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm da … see more 
bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david cameron says " there is a compelling … see more 
update : bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david cameron says " th … see more 
now that these world super power nations are are taking action against isis , downfall is right ahead . good wins . 
here we go again ! 
european countries ramp up their efforts to take out first now 
silly bollocks is off again , we've done our fair share in past conflicts 
moment ? 
i was talking about it this morning .. never imagine that they will talk about it today ! 
is not tht answesr.mr . cameron . 
bbcbreaking : uk pm david cameron says " there is a compelling case " for britain to act against is in ... 
invade syria for isil like fighting al qaeda in iraq ? people speculate 500,000 -1m people dead because of the latter 
uh oh ... 
hmm , britain always have a " compelling case to be involved " hence the sun never setting on the empire . 
what with ? you've scrapped most of our military capability dave ! 
who saw that coming .. 
i bet there is ! 
if you're not bombing or not about to bomb syria , raise your hand . no one ? ok . 
stop fucking hesitating . ..... get on and do something you pathetic individual 
will ' s plan include increasing the uk refugee cap to make room for those his action will create ? 
go ahead , flatten the earth , the mice will get away . needs a whole new approach , plug funding ; plug arms supply . 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : uk pm david cameron says " there is a compelling case " for brita … 
post something to obama right on google search page with gospik extension . 
we have james bond , spectra and cobra ... men playing james bond ? 
and make us more of a target ? i hope all you tory voters are happy with diminishing civil rights that will follow . 
getting ready for war ... again ... 
actually good , sensible words from dave here . let's hope his proposal for action isn't the iraq war 2.0 . 
a far more compelling one for not leaving him near livestock , however . 
uk pm david cameron says " there is a compelling case " for britain to act against is in syria 
no britain . don't retaliate . 
a real leader ! 
david cameron is spineless 

worldwide travel alert 
us issues global travel alert until february . << !? a literally pointless notice . 
rt us state department issues global travel alert - 
rt us issues rare global travel alert over terror threats 
it is with regret that due to world events both in the usa and europe that both mark summers and jerry schilling ... 
us issues worldwide | rt 
rt bbc news - us issues rare global travel alert over terror threats 
for fellow us travelers who may not have heard ... us issues travel alert over terror threats - 
country with 994 mass shootings in 1004 days warns its citizens that travelling abroad is dangerous . 
sometimes i wonder . how come this guys are the first to know about impending terrorist attacks ? why create ... 
why is the united state causing world panic . they are the ones always alerting and the first to know about ... 
rt us issues global travel alert for its citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " 
the has issued a worldwide alert for its citizens in response to " increased terrorist threats " . 
helpful travel alert for us citizens , essentially travelling anywhere . avoid crowded places - anywhere . utter nonsense 
a reminder . 
united states tells its citizens : " for the love of god , don't travel anywhere foreign or you'll die ! " 

rt in first instance deal obvs most important to n ireland rather than political bargaining here- here are the details https://… 
rt deal is reached between the northern ireland parties to resolve current political crisis 
after 10 weeks of talks , a way forward has been agreed on paramilitarism and welfare reform for 
deal agreed to resolve ni crisis 
who has no thumbs and just dispensed a packet of cheese & onion crisps ? this machine 
rt corporation tax cut to 12.5% poorest thrown under a bus well done sinn fein . 
northern ireland political crisis : governments and two largest parties agree deal 
n . ireland ( pop 1.8 m ) given £30m pa for dhp wales ( pop . 3.1 m ) has £22m hit - deal !!! 
bbc news - northern ireland political crisis : governments and two largest parties agree deal 
dup & sinn fein now joined at the hip >> british & irish governments and two largest parties agree deal 
rt ni political deal done i'm pleased indep benefits expert eileen evason to oversee £30m pa to mitigate https :/ … 
thank for your prayers for n ireland 
it is good to hear that there has been a step forward in the stormont agreement . for that we are thankful ! now ... 
rt tax credits compensation in ni deal …. if applied to all uk households at same rate would be worth … 
a ( nother ) deal agreed for there'll be dancing in the streets today no doubt . or something .... 
rt we've got a deal at stormont - a fresh start ? tune into for the details and more on the site … 
rt as terrorism is reluctantly tackled outside the uk here comes more sickening appeasement of the vile ira . 
oh hai ! you'll never guess what - i've just dispensed a packet of prawn cocktail crisps 
in * 2015 * , they've formally agreed not to let illegal militias tell them what to do . 
i wonder who has been stabbed in the back over this ' agreement ' ... tony 
top story : northern ireland political crisis : governments and parties agree dea … see more 
rt today's stormont deal : welfare reform process expected to start this week or next . 
northern ireland political crisis : governments and parties agree deal 
rt new deal agreed - ' a fresh start - the stormont agreement implementation plan ' but no agreement on legacy issues … 
a deal is reached between the british and irish governments and northern ireland's two largest parties ... uk 
oh hai ! you'll never guess what - i've just dispensed a packet of ready salted crisps 
3.2 million to monitor terrorists already in government . taxpayers money !! 
" an important turning point for ni " , says as deal reached to resolve the country's political crisis . 
a new deal , a new set of issues re in northern ireland 
northern ireland talks : british and irish governments and dup and sinn fein agree deal 
check me out - i've just gone and dropped the finest packet of cheese & onion crisps you'll ever taste 
rt deal agreed has £345m for welfare mitigation incl £30m /yr for bedroom tax via … 
rt n . ireland parties & govts agree a deal : another £21m for welfare reforms , incl mitigation for tax credit cuts https://… 

" it is the entire country that has been attacked " - president hollande 
bbcbreaking : " it is the entire country that has been attacked " - president hollande 

rt the hostage situation in roubaix is not linked to the local authorities say 
hostages freed from gunmen in france - 
' hostage situation ' in northern france 
france is taking a few hits lately ... hope they get peace soon . 
three armed men take hostages in town of roubaix on border w 
top story : hostages held in northern french town of roubaix - bbc news see more 
rt bbc news - hostage situation in northern french town of roubaix 
roubaix hostage situation in northern france ends - bbc news 
bbc news - roubaix hostage situation in northern france ends 
roubaix hostage situation in northern france ends with one of the hostage takers killed & another arrested [ bbc ] 
rt bbc news - hostages held in northern french town of roubaix 
what kind of complete numpty thinks that right now is the ideal time to tool up and take hostages ? 
rt ' hostage situation ' in northern france 
if ever there was a time to not bother trying an armed robbery on the french-belgian border , it would be now . 
top hostages held in northern french town of roubaix - bbc news see more 
hostage situation in northern ends 
hostage freed from gunmen in france : the hostage situation in the french town of roubaix , near belgium , has en ... 

rt charlie sheen announces he's hiv-positive , to put stop to " barrage of attacks " … 
confirms he is hiv positive - 
rt bbc news - charlie sheen confirms he is hiv positive 
just seen this re charlie sheen . it saddens me that there's still a stigma , but also angry that it's able to spread . 
rt . " charlie sheen confirms he is positive " 
charlie sheen confirms he has hiv 
if charlie sheen becomes the face of hiv will it set back attempts to educate people about it for years ? 
that's how hiv spreads in western world : “ it was " impossible " that he would have passed hiv on to anyone else ” — 
charlie sheen- " i am here to admit that i am hiv positive , " 
sad news , but i wss really shocked when someone said chsrlue sheen had aids after radio news said hiv 
sad news my favourite actor 

the only " setback " was obama's time in office . rt if you agree 
does this coalition still include active forces from the arab league of nations i/e saudi arabia , jordan , etc . 
president is speaking about the paris terror attacks . please follow this livestream for more information : 
sorry air strikes alone won't get rid of all of them . you have to cut out the cancer . 
yes , you keep bombing while the innocent suffer the back lash 
how is that going to help ?! someone enlighten me ... 
' air strikes ' you mean strikes where you don't actually have complete control over who it hits ? 
go get them 
how ironic is it that the plague of isis is being addressed by world leaders in ... turkey 
were " sickening setback " but us " intensifying air strikes " against is - obama 
live now from turkey g20 
not entirely clear on how intensifying violence in response to violence will beget peace . 
obviously that's what u do , because airstrikes have always worked ! 
' us stop firing blanks .. ' out there , you mean . [ thank you , 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : were " sickening setback " but us " intensifying air … 
isis using american hummers/ using guns organized by the then been branded the enemy , why so many games 
when will your country stop terrorising the entire world ? 

rt english & french football fans sing french anthem in show of solidarity at wembley … 

rt changed the game of rugby for the better . what an athlete , just phenomenal . rip jonah lomu . 
rt such a sad loss , a colossus in his sport and inspirational ambassador for those of us with 
all blacks great lomu dies aged 40 
rt all blacks rugby great dies aged 40 , after a long fight with a kidney condition … 
rt bbc sport - new zealand rugby union great dies aged 40 ;( … 
rt jonah lomu - an 18 stone and 6ft 5in try-scoring machine . rugby union remembers a legend . … 
new zealand rugby union legend jonah lomu dies aged 40 . 
jonah lomu : new zealand rugby union great dies aged 40 - 
jonah lomu : new zealand world cup winner dies aged 40 
rt " a legend " - new zealand great and former cardiff blues wing jonah lomu dies aged 40 … 
can't believe has died - so sad . 
rt tributes as new zealand legend and former cardiff blues wing jonah lomu dies aged 40 … 
rt our thoughts are with jonah lomu's family and friends 
new zealand rugby union legend jonah lomu has died aged 40 
rt tributes are being paid to new zealand rugby union great jonah lomu who has died aged 40 . … 
rt an inspiration , a rugby union great , husband & father . some of the jonah lomu tributes : … 
all blacks great lomu dies aged 40 . one of the all time greats . 
rt rugby giant jonah lomu scored 43 tries in 73 matches for new zealand between 1994 & 2002 … 
a sad day for rugby , sports fans and all who loved jonah lomu- a warm hearted giant : new zealand rugby union great 
rt so sad to hear about this , he was such a dominant force in the game . jonah lomu : dies aged 40 
rt our thoughts are with his family and friends on this day - bbc sport - jonah lomu 
rt very sad news about jonah lomu - rip new zealand rugby union great dies aged 40 
so sad a sporting great ! 
rt sporting world in mourning as rugby superstar and all black legend jonah lomu dies aged 40 » htt … 
rt rugby great dies aged 40 , after long fight against kidney condition … 

argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - 
argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - bbc news 
rt opposition candidate mauricio macri wins argentina presidential election run-off , according to exit polls . … 
opposition ' wins argentina presidency ' - 
argentina conservative ahead in poll 
opposition's is now confirmed winner and new in election results 
kirchenerism ending in argentina 

rt explosion on bus carrying presidential guards in tunis kills at least 11 people , tunisian interior ministry says … 
tunisia president declares state of emergency after explosion on bus carrying presidential guards kills at least 12 
tunisia blast : explosion hits bus carrying presidential guards 
top story : tunisia bus of presidential guards targeted in blast - bbc news see more 
rt president declares state of emergency after explosion on bus carrying presidential guards kills at least 12 h … 
rt tunisia president declares state of emergency after explosion on bus carrying presidential guards kills at least 12 https … 
anthr sad news ! v need to fight extrmsm back .. with extrmsm , that of true luv n justice ... " bbc news - tunisia blast 
blast hits presidential guard bus in tunis . 12 dead . curfew . state of emergency . 

brussels lockdown : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 
rt 19 anti-terror raids were carried out in the brussels region & 3 others in charleroi , belgian prosecutor says … 
arrests in belgium anti-terror raids 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number arrests to 21 
rt belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
rt detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 https :/ … 
top story : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 
why is it the only people i can speak to on the phone cant give me an answer on a refund for my flight ? 
headline : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 

justifying this as money well invested would be hilarious 
bbc world : to launch a nigerian digital service in pidgin and yoruba :-) 
bbc world service gets funding boost 
rt confirmed : bbc is to broadcast to ethiopia and eritrea , but in which languages ? 
world service gets funding boost from government 
rt grave mistake for bbc to accept direct govt funding . it was ok when world service was separate . worrying . … 
rt world service gets funding boost from government via 
british government is to invest £85m a year in enhancing bbc services around the world 
the tories did something good ! - bbc world service gets funding boost from government - 
war machine confirms propaganda budget - world service gets funding boost from government 
rt bbc pidgin and bbc yoruba coming soon 
rt any good news about the world service should be good news for the world . 
bbc news - bbc world service gets funding boost from government 
bbc world service gets £85m per year funding boost from government ; aims to build reach in north korea and africa 
has received a funding boost to expand its world service 
bbc news - bbc world service gets funding boost from government great news here 
great to see the government giving the bbc world service a big funding boost ... 
. gets funding boost from government , by 
bbc world service : enables many to hear diverse voices and different points of view where domestic media is sterile 
bbc increased funding aimed at countries with a " democracy deficit " including m east russia , n korea and 
bbc's world services funding to be boosted to £85 billion a year from 2017 : 
in democracy crisis nations such as ethiopia , bbc ws gets uk gov't funding approval for program air time 
will renewed funds restore lang services like amazing 2 bulk of ssa only reached by sw ? 
better late than never for uk govt to realise defunding the ws was stupid , i guess : 
a good call from the gov ; will make a gd difference to worldwide democracy should not have been cut in 1stplace tho 
rt 5 years after cutting funding uk govt reinvests in at last realized how valuable it is ? … 
increased funding for we all benefit . 

: " video : paris attacks : news conference " 
live : paris prosecutor delivers press conference on 
a little bit of news , keeping you in the loop . it's what we do ! video : paris attacks : news confe … 
the french prosecutor in charge of the investigation into the paris attacks gives a news conference after the … 

rt uk pm david cameron to set out a " comprehensive strategy " for dealing with islamic state extremists … 
rt uk pm david cameron says " there is a compelling case " for britain to act against is in syria https … 
rt let's remember that in 2013 , cameron wanted to bomb assad's regime , while ally saudia arabia funded and armed isis … 
pm : i will make case for strikes against is in syria 
rt ukiniraq " rt ukagainstisil : . number10gov : have strengthened the case for strikes to be … " 
rt pm : we must do more on is in syria : prime minister david cameron says he will s ... 
rt . : have strengthened the case for strikes to be extended to … 
pm : i will make case for syria strikes 
cameron using paris attacks to re-sell plan for britain bombing in syria 
pm : i will make case for strikes against is in syria - bbc news 
dc getting itchy button fingers , he wants to play and bomb raqqa into rubble . then , bomb the rubble into gravel . 
rt vic minett's here from 10 - should we bomb isis in syria ? call 0345 900 5 200 david cameron wants … 
vic minett's here from 10 - should we bomb isis in syria ? call 0345 900 5 200 david cameron wants mp's to back plans 
on the big phone in today - do you hope your mp votes to bomb isis in syria ? your view at 9am 
rt pm cameron : paris attack strengthens case for strikes against 
rt uk : prime minister david cameron has said parliament will hold a vote on whether or not to bomb in syria . … 
david cameron to set out is strategy 
rt airstrikes in syria won't work , cameron should be acting against muslims in the uk they are a bigger threat … 
mr c get your own act in order first please look who you've let in to the uk - nutters - 
rt desperate for a slice of the pie .. 

international bomb plotter jailed for 40 years in 
international bomb plotter jailed in us 
world news : international bomb plotter jailed in us : a pakistani man extradited from the uk to the us is sente ... 
rt thankyou american friends ! 👍👏 good job . 
it - persons : top stories of the day ; international bomb plotter jailed for 40 … see more 
may cowboy justice prevail and international bomb plotter abid naseer rot for 40 years in a jail 
man who plotted to bomb manchester jailed for 40 years . 
rt a man who planned to bomb the arndale centre in has been sentenced to 40 years in a us jail … 
convicted terrorists should get mandatory life sentences imo 
rt uk bomb plotter jailed for 40 years : a pakistani man extradited from the uk to ... … 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; international bomb plotter jailed for 40 yea … see more 
u.k. bomb plotter jailed for 40 years in us 
uk plotter jailed for 40 years 
a pakistani man extradited from the uk to the us is sentenced to 40 years in jail for plotting attac ... 
international bomb plotter abid naseer jailed for 40 years in us - 
uk bomb plotter jailed for 40 years - a pakistani man extradited from the uk to the us has been sentenced ... 
rt any thinking of plottin2 bomb t west , keep this in mind , scum jailed 40yrs … 
rt bbc news - uk bomb plotter sentenced to 40 years in us jail 
bomb plotter jailed for 40 years in us , accused of plotting attacks on manchester , new york & copenhagen 
rt uk bomb plotter sentenced to 40 years in us jail 

rt abdelhamid abaaoud was in vicinity of bataclan theatre while police operation was ongoing , says paris prosecutor … 
paris ' ringleader was near bataclan ' 
attacks : ringleader abaaoud ' was near ' bataclan theatre 
rt belgian police issue picture of mohamed abrini , wanted in connection with … 
top story : paris attacks : warrant issued for new suspect mohamed abrini - bbc n … see more 
rt issue picture wanted in connection htt … 
paris's chief prosecutor says the suspected ringleader of the paris attacks , abdelhamid abaaoud , was near the ... 
paris ‘ ringleader was near bataclan ’ 

easy and amazing way to make cool money 
jesus . 
update : french authorities detain terror suspects . woman blows herself up . 
our thoughts are with everyone affected in any way by these awful events . 
some quick action in retaliation of the 
its time 
when justice will bring to victims of 
good !!! well done ! catch them ! 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : police operation ongoing in saint denis . benbrownbbc is at the … 
police operation ongoing in saint denis . benbrownbbc is at the scene 
police operation ongoing in saint denis . is at the scene 
watch coverage from st denis by 

hollywood star denzel washington will be honoured at next year's golden globe awards . 
liveentertainment live : 17 november 2015 
three more contestants join i'm a celebrity . 
ryan gosling confirms role in bladerunner 2 . 
peter andre says he has no chance of winning strictly . 
top story : entertainment live : adele releases new song and other news - bbc news see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; entertainment live : adele releases new song … see more 
top story : mindcasters entertainment live : adele releases new song and other ne … see more 
top story : linux and open source , entertainment live : adele releases new song a … see more 
top entertainment live : adele releases new song and other news - bbc news see more 
top story : entertainment live : adele releases new song and other news - b … see more 
world of showbiz : brand new music from 

robinson to step down ' within weeks ' 
peter robinson : northern ireland first minister says the time is right to quit 
sure he can piss up his nama money on hols now . peter robinson : ni first minister says the time is right to quit - 
peter robinson : northern ireland first minister to quit within weeks - 
robinson says the time is right to quit ... 
northern ireland first minister says the time is right to quit another step forward to ireland independence . 
bbc news - northern ireland first minister says the time is right to quit 
so long , stinky pete . i cling to the faint hope that your successor is a better human being than you are . 
peter robinson : ni first minister set to quit within weeks ... 
rt bbc news - peter robinson : northern ireland first minister says time is right to quit - here's to … 
bbc news - peter robinson : northern ireland first minister says time is right to quit - here's to you mr robinson 
i would be pleased about this if i wasn't so sure that we'll just be exchanging kang for kodos . 
drinking tonight . 🎉 
rt good riddance to peter ( the punt ) robinson . he has seriously damaged unionism lundy ht … 
rt peter robinson stepping down to spend more time with iris 
rt peter robinson : ni first minister set to retire from politics 
now his wing man has moved to scotland he can't go on- 
better late than never , peter ... 
it's probably wishful thinking but maybe progress will be able to be made now .... nah , doubt it 😢 - 
on a purely non-political note , i’m not surprised by this : 
rt peter robinson announces he will quit northern irish politics within weeks 
meaning the successors will be arlene foster or nigel dodds ... dear oh dear ... 
must have got that house in america , ole arlene weres the boots now . 

: extended over ' imminent threat ' - 
obama says paris attacks aren't ' new normal ' . new normal is actually european cities locked down to prevent attacks 
we won't let the terrorists change our way of life , except for maybe having europe's capitals on indefinite lockdown 
rt we won't let terrorists change our way of life , except for maybe having europe's capitals on indefinite lockdown … 
brussels alert to stay at highest level 
“ imminent threat ” 
marshal law in belgium ? here we stand in late 2015 with the capital city of europe , brussels , in its third day ... 
citizens in brussels have been warned off the streets amid fears of a serious and imminent terrorist attack 
' imminent threat ' extends brussels alert 
bloody nightmare =\ 
top story : brussels alert ' stays at highest level ' - bbc news see more 
rt paris attacks : brussels alert stays at highest level 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; brussels alert ' stays at highest level ' - bb … see more 
brussels alert extended over ' imminent threat ' , 16 arrests in belgium fugitive salah abdeslam not among them - bbc 
rt belgian pm says brussels security alert status to stay at highest level 
not to make it sound trivial , but can you really refer to someone who's alive as a suicide bomber ? 
【brussels has been on lockdown all weekend , amid a manhunt for suspected paris attacker salah abdeslam . 】 

conservative mauricio macri wins argentina presidency 
let's hope macri brings sanity back to argentinian position on falklands & ending kirchner's dangerous rhetoric 
rt bbc news - mauricio wins presidency 
one down , one to go ; ) 
conservative wins argentina presidency 
argentina rediscovers a bit of political common sense 
bit of hope for argentina ; can't be any worse than that dreadful de kirchner woman 
conservative mauricio macri wins presidency 
narrowly votes out peronists and opts for centre-right macri as president 
a fresh start for argentina 
i hope that macri's victory will bring prosperity and an end to destructive populism in 
conservative victory bad , but mind-numbing populist bullshit from the other side dug its own grave . 
with macri's victory , argentina inaugurates a new cycle in latin american politics . 
makes a bold move and a positive one ! 
this seems a sound decision . here's hoping that this will bring an end to peronist style populism . i would like to … 
i remember the after first round , crowing how the left wing candidate had won by a ' landslide ' - ooops 
wow ! now heres hoping he diesnt do a menem ... 
change for 
rt top story in questo momento : conservative mauricio macri wins argentina preside … see more http … 

list of labour mp's who voted for or against trident . the rest abstained or were nowhere to be seen . 
mps reject the snp's anti-trident motion by 330 to 64 
you can follow live text and video coverage of the trident debate at westminster here ▶ 
politics live : trident debate 
rt uk defence review : - £178bn investment over next 10 years - 2 new " strike brigades " - 9 maritime patrol aircraft https … 
politics live : trident debate - bbc news 
rolling coverage of political developments : nhs funding , trident , ashdown on syria ... bbc politics live - 
the govt admits to sacrificing welfare costs to increase defence spending : debate live : 
rt pm to outline case on thursday for uk " going after isil at their headquarters in syria " … 
top story : politics live : monday 23 november - bbc news see more 
rt david cameron's back in the uk , ready to put case for action in syria . bbc politics live - https :/ … 
live page on uk government's defence review . massive extra investment . 
hmg will be investing £5.8 bn in climate finance " supporting fragile and broken states " in order to “ play our part ... 

rt " heavy , heavy gunfire " - saint denis residents told to stay indoors , bbc reporter told … 

rt 19 nationalities among dead in & many under 30 years old - french president https://… 
rt " france is at war " , french president tells rare meeting of houses of parliament , versailles https … 
rt france will intensify operations in syria , where were " decided and planned " , french president says … 
rt bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : france will intensify operations in syria , where were " decided and planned … https : … 
video : hollande addresses french congress : via 

rt president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information 
looks like the only sane politician in america . 
video : obama and hollande news conference : president obama and president hollande … 
bbc news - obama and hollande news conference after white house meeting 
rt bbcbreaking : president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information , in wake … 
president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information , in wake of 
rt bbcbreaking : president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information , i … 
president calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger information , in wake of 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : president obama calls on eu to implement system of airlines sharing passenger informatio … 


rt germany-netherlands match called off after serious bomb threat , says hanover police chief https://… 



paris attacks : police in deadly swoop on apartment in northern suburb - 
police sources say saint denis shooting was connected to hunt for fugitives 
rt heavy shooting heard in northern paris suburb of saint denis during police operation 
paris attacks : heavy shooting heard in northern suburb 
paris attacks : deadly police swoop on apartment in northern suburb 
two die in hunt for ' mastermind ' - 
two die in hunt for paris ' mastermind ' 
rt " heavy shooting heard north of paris : heavy shooting is heard in the northern paris suburb of sai ... … 
rt remarkable john woo-style image from this morning . this is an picture on the bbc site . https :/ … 
paris attacks : police swoop on apartment in northern suburb - 
top story : ' heavy shooting ' heard north of paris - bbc news see more 
rt 2 people killed in paris raid , inc female suspect who blew herself up with suicide belt … 
ah , the word ' mastermind ' again ! let's not feed isis's narrative and glamourise brutish , mindless criminals 
don’t be fooled by depicting ‘ as mothers and children . women are too … 
paris attacks : 2 die in hunt for " mastermind " abaaoud . 
why call these cowards ' masterminds' ? they are far from it , call them what they are ... scum . 
deadly paris raid on attacks suspects 
bbc news - woman blows herself up & a suspect is shot dead during police raid on a flat in paris , seven arrests made 
can't understand why j corbyn wasn't called to talk to them . lives could have been saved . 😞 
rally for peace in brussels district associated with gunmen 
- so does she get 72 virgins too ? islam they tell me is all about equality & empowerment of women . 
4th picture down in this news story - notice the pigeon 
a woman has blown herself up & a suspect shot dead during a raid in a while 7 arrests were made 
rt ' heavy shooting ' heard north of paris during police operation 
paris raid on \'terror boss\': two dead 
soldiers on the streets . 
footballers £30k a day some of them in premiership vs these guys £30k a year . you cant even compare the two . wrong 
all 129 victims of the have been identified , a french government spokesman says 
attacks : 2 suspects die in hunt for ' mastermind ' abaaoud incl female suicide bomber who detonated herself 



rt this is bad news :| 
rt shooting down of russian jet will have " serious consequences " for moscow's relations with turkey - vladimir putin https://… 
rt . to hold extraordinary meeting in brussels at turkey's request , after downing of russian jet in syria … 
rt - russian jet shot down in syria - turkey : warnings ignored - russia denies violating airspace latest : … 
rt russia says warplane shot down by turkish jets in syria did not enter turkish airspace … 
rt nato to hold extraordinary mtng in brussels at request , after downing of russian jet in … 
21.00 bbc halts coverage of shooting down of russian warplane . … 
you can bet that is at its highest status of alert over nato member shooting down russian warplane .. 
top story warplane shot down at syria border with … see more 
top story : rt warplane shot down at syria border with turkey - bbc news see more 
it just goes from bad to worse . 
oh god ... not good ... 
warplane shot down at syria border with turkey - bbc … see more 
top story : warplane shot down at syria border with turkey - bbc news see more 


pm announces defence review . amazing how the no brain politicos who led us into this mess think they can get us out . 
video : pm announces defence and security review - 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of an … top story 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of … 
bbc news - pm announces defence and security review 
david cameron gives details of an additional £12bn of equipment spending , as he outlines the strategic defence and … 
live : pm announces defence and security review via 


