the ons report on prices falling by 14% on an annual basis 
uk inflation rate remains negative . 
in october , rpi fell to 0.7% from 0.8% in september . meanwhile , cpi remained at - 0.1% 
. has announced that the uk’s inflation rate remained at 0.1% this october . 
says uk cpi stays at - 0.1% in oct . while rpindex fell to 0.7% -lowest since nov09 
interest rates also set to remain low ? 
as inflation rate remains negative how will this benefit & ? 
good news for many 
uk house prices up by 6.1% 
inflation rate - 0.1% in october - bbc news 
yr13 econ & bus - inflation stays down ... 
uk still negative in october . rate rise could be further in the future than previously thought 
the rate as measured by the consumer prices index remained at - 0.1% in october - 
remains negative in october 
the uk’s inflation rate remained at - 0.1% in october according to the office for national statistics : 
with inflation this low , doesn't look like interest rates will be rising anytime soon ... 
rt remains negative in october 
uk inflation remains negative in october . 
as economics : not there yet but vital you start following inflation trends now 
uk's rate remains negative with and prices falling by 2.7% in 

pfizer seals $160bn allergan takeover 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal to create drugs giant 
rt econ3 application - pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal to create drugs giant 
bbc news : pfizer seals $160bn allergan inversion takeover to offshore the profits , pay half the taxes 
pfizer seals 60bn allergan takeover 
rt pfizer seals $160bn deal to buy allergan . relocating hq to dublin will see pfizer tax bill lowered from 35% to 12.5% … 
ireland deal for international business , pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal change of hq address soon ? 
say it hillary , these companies setting up in low population countries with low tax rates , rips us off , us and uk . 
inv€r$ion seals $160bn deal to create drugs giant 
mib - example of m&a with tax advantage 
blindin ' tax dodge 
pfizer one step closer to world domination 
pfizer seals $160bn allergan deal - trap for a life time won't even come close to a % of this wake up people 

rt charlie sheen announces he's hiv-positive , to put stop to " barrage of attacks " … 

rt germany-netherlands match called off after serious bomb threat , says hanover police chief https://… 

rt french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament … 
rt french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament https :/ … 

easy and amazing way to make cool money 
jesus . 
update : french authorities detain terror suspects . woman blows herself up . 
our thoughts are with everyone affected in any way by these awful events . 
some quick action in retaliation of the 
its time 
when justice will bring to victims of 
good !!! well done ! catch them ! 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : police operation ongoing in saint denis . benbrownbbc is at the … 
police operation ongoing in saint denis . benbrownbbc is at the scene 
police operation ongoing in saint denis . is at the scene 
watch coverage from st denis by 

rt french police want help to identify man they believe was suicide bomber at stade de france https :/ … 
rt photo : french police released this photo of a man they believe was a suicide bomber at stade de france - bbcbreaki … https … 

bbc news channel 
the legendary talks to at 1745 on the channel - watch it on tv or streamed here : 
britain's most-watched news channel , delivering breaking news and analysis all day , every day . 
french interior minister makes statement after suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud confirmed dead " 
digital cinema media bans the lord's prayer from uk cinemas in wake of paris . 

the only " setback " was obama's time in office . rt if you agree 
does this coalition still include active forces from the arab league of nations i/e saudi arabia , jordan , etc . 
president is speaking about the paris terror attacks . please follow this livestream for more information : 
sorry air strikes alone won't get rid of all of them . you have to cut out the cancer . 
yes , you keep bombing while the innocent suffer the back lash 
how is that going to help ?! someone enlighten me ... 
' air strikes ' you mean strikes where you don't actually have complete control over who it hits ? 
go get them 
how ironic is it that the plague of isis is being addressed by world leaders in ... turkey 
were " sickening setback " but us " intensifying air strikes " against is - obama 
live now from turkey g20 
not entirely clear on how intensifying violence in response to violence will beget peace . 
obviously that's what u do , because airstrikes have always worked ! 
' us stop firing blanks .. ' out there , you mean . [ thank you , 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : were " sickening setback " but us " intensifying air … 
isis using american hummers/ using guns organized by the then been branded the enemy , why so many games 
when will your country stop terrorising the entire world ? 

belgium charges man over paris attacks 
bbc news - attacks : charges fourth suspect with role 
belgium charges fourth suspect with role 
rt charges man over paris attacks 
belgium charges fourth suspect with role in paris attack- 
archiving 
“ belgium charges fourth suspect with role ” 
rt belgium charges fourth suspect with role 

video : hollande addresses french mayors 
a little bit of news , keeping you in the loop . it's what we do ! video : hollande addresses french … 
french president francois hollande addresses an assembly of the mayors of france in the wake of last week's attacks … 

french president due to address both houses of parliament in versailles . watch live : 

world " coming together to tackle evil terrorist threat " of is , uk pm david cameron says " 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live … see more 
residents & told us what life in lockdown is like 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - live updates - bbc news see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium - … see more 
paris attacks : 21 arrests in belgium - live updates 
brussels in lockdown the latest on the hunt for salah abdeslam from 
bbc news : summary unavailable 
16 people arrested in belgium . it is so far unconfirmed how many of them were cats 
paris attacks : 16 arrests in belgium . follow live updates here : 
live updates on - 

rt islamic state group is " threatening the whole world " - president hollande … 
rt " islamic state is threatening the whole world " -president hollande http … 
“ islamic state group is " threatening whole world " - president hollande ” 

two people confirmed to have died after explosion at cardiff's celsa uk steel plant 
two die in cardiff steel plant blast 
celsa steel : two people die in cardiff steelworks blast - bbc news 
top story : celsa steel : ' explosion ' at steelworks in cardiff - bbc news see more 
strong reporting from the teams today : a deep dive into a significant developing story . 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; celsa steel : ' explosion ' at steelworks in ca … see more 
most shared link : celsa steel : ' explosion ' at steelworks in cardiff - bbc news see more 
terrible news from the celsa steel plant within our immediate area . our thoughts go out to the families involved . 
two missing after steelworks blast 
an urgent question will be asked by to at 1500 , regarding the celsa steel fire 
at least 5 injured in explosion near cardiff bay steel-works . 
ohhhhh dear , i hope there's no serious injuries 
live page from - ' explosion ' at steelworks in cardiff 

rt president francois hollande addresses french mayors . watch live … 
rt bbcbreaking : president francois hollande addresses french mayors . watch live … 
president francois hollande addresses french mayors . watch live via bbc 

tutorial on monday : russia and drugs . what if the trust goes out of sport ? 
russia ruled in breach of doping code 
russia ruled in breach of wada code 
doping : ' .. 15 kenyans currently banned for doping ... pound also alleged that kenya has a " real problem with doping " 
does it have any ? > ordered to explain its controls or join those countries under scrutiny . bbc sport 
also wada's naughty list is getting a bit long 
rt russia one of six countries ruled to be in breach of the world anti-doping agency's codes . … 
six countries , including russia , are ruled " non-compliant " with the world anti-doping agency's codes . 
athletics lead story athletics doping scandal : russia ruled in breach of wada c … see more 
russia is one of six countries ruled to be in breach of the world anti-doping agency's codes … 
was this really something that people were not expecting ? and ... if every national ... 
2014 wc finalists in breach of wada anti doping codes . 3 other wc winners and current world no . 1 on wactch list 
is team gb handicapping it's own athlete's with strict drug testing ... 
think there are more countries than these six .... 
bbc co uk sport athletics 34860136 
rt and ruled to be in breach of the world anti-doping agency'…https:/… 
russia in breach of wada code > argentina , ukraine , bolivia , andorra , israel also ' non-compliant ' 

the uk should have a referendum on reintroducing the death penalty i would certainly vote for it 
kayleigh family ' devastated ' by find ... 
kayleigh haywood : family ' devastated ' after body is found 
kayleigh search police find body 
rt police searching for missing 15-year-old kayleigh haywood say they have found a body in a field in leicestershire . http … 
kayleigh haywood search police find body 
body found believed to be kayleigh 
this is my local area and my local routes . this saddens me greatly . poor lass 
kayleigh haywood's family ' devastated ' after body is found 
yet another girl murdered .. my heart goes out to her family .. 
body found believed to be missing teenager 
absolutely shocking , someone would take a young girls life and destroy a family like this . 
rt my heart goes out to kayleigh's family & friends as a mother to a 14 yr old it's heartbreaking news … 
why the hell does a young girl take off with men she has never met ?!!! 
another missing teen , always girl aged 13-17 
another sad outcome 
gender violence men should unite with women to eradicate body found believed missing teenager 
my heart goes out to kayleigh haywood's family at this bloody awful time . poor poor girl .... 
another girl kidnapped & murdered . there's a war on women right here , right everywhere 

actor charlie sheen reveals he is hiv-positive , in interview on us television 
charlie sheens face when there is a mosquito in the same room as you and him 

rt english & french football fans sing french anthem in show of solidarity at wembley … 

rt they simply will not fund the police will they ! a military response means nothing as we will be the 1st responders ! https : … 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 
the grand old duke of cameron he deployed ( up to ) 10,000 men and when the threat was over he made them redundant >> 
defence review : 10000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - bbc news 
' 10,000 troops ' to tackle terror attacks 
no money for the people millions for war : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - 
defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 - bbc news 
today has been a good day for our armed forces . very pleased with the strategic defence and security review . 
are a threat to liberty , peace and security so let's buy more arms 
all things considered , a pretty decent defence review . 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attack and other ideas . by 2025 . 2025 ?! 
well done you found a ise for all the body bags labour bought 
terror should demand nothing less than 100% of our entire , on-going defense budget 
defence . 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm - t trident wouldn't be ready until 2030's what's the point ? 
rt bbc news - review : could put 10,000 troops on uk streets to deal with … 
review : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - necessary as a minimum . 
all these jets and nuclear missiles will be perfect for taking out a handful of gunmen in a residential area 
it's a start , bit still nowhere near enough . 
rt huge respect for our armed services but they are not a police service and are subject to political control . … 
rt bbc news - defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 
defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 - . hey would you mind waiting 10 years 
is this providing the means to defend ?...... 
rt democratically accountable civil defence , yes ; strike brigades , paramilitary policing and trident , no- … 
rt defence review : pm could send 10,000 troops on to streets - 
troops on streets to do their jobs if attacked . £31bn so trident can do its job . against ? 
can the rapid force help to feed the increasing number of people going to foodbanks . bbc news - defence review : pm 
rt so the minute any threat or attack happens in the uk , we get ordered around by soldiers ? 
£12bn of welfare cuts by & and remarkably an extra £12bn found for the military 
defence review : 10,000 troops could tackle - pm 
bbc fellates cameron's defence review , which is basically- give us arms corps loads of money & shout ' terrorism ' 
defense : 10,000 troops could tackle terror attacks - pm 
cost of replacing rises to £31 billion . how reassuring to live in a country with such wealth . 
rt 10,000 troops for domestic deployment . 10,000 . 
wow .... 10 years ... that's ' rapid ' what about now ?! defence review : ' strike brigades ' to be created by 2025 - 

rt europe falls silent for one minute to remember victims of the 
rt mumbai shows solidarity , lighting up its main railway station - 
rt eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning https : … 
rt french police release photo of abdeslam salah , man sought in connection with https :/ … 
rt french president vows to " eradicate terrorism " as he ends speech to houses of parliament … 
rt french police say main suspect salah abdeslam is on the run and " dangerous " … 
rt france launches massive airstrikes in syria , attacking the is stronghold of raqqa … 
bells of notre dame cathedral toll ahead of memorial service for victims of 
rt black seat car used by gunmen during paris attacks is found , as six people linked to suspect are arrested - police htt … 
rt several weapons found in abandoned car in paris suburb , supporting theory that some gunmen escaped … 
latest from molenbeek , belgium , where police operation is under way 
french prime minister confirms overnight raids by terror police took place , in connection with 
panicked crowds flee place de la republique in paris but all clear now given 
rt details are beginning to emerge of some of the 129 victims of 
rt france holds a minute of silence for the victims of the continuous coverage … 
rt the scene outside one of the restaurants targeted in as people pay respects … 

easy and amazing ways to make money 
easy and amazing way to make cool money 
bbcbreaking " french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group 
george w . bush revisited ... 
does he want obummer to actually do something ? 
i think that we should flush out all the people in isis/isil that are in our country first . 
wants to meaninglessly drop even more bombs . 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition agains … 
french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group … 
france's retaliation intended to become our war ... indeed hollande invokes isil as threat to " the whole world . " 
here comes 1984 ! 
not contain them , eliminate them period . 
that means you , belize 

rt 115,000 police and army personnel mobilised to provide security across france … 
rt one person taken in for questioning in belgium as raids linked to suspects end 
rt bbcbreaking : french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group … 
rt french president hollande calls for a " larger " coalition against is group … 
how parisians are marking one week on from deadly 
rt woman who died in saint-denis flat raided by police after formally identified as hasna aitboulahcen https://… 
rt no explosives found inside hannover stadium , says german interior minister after bomb threat led to evacuation … 
rt ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud involved in 4 of 6 attacks foiled by france - interior minister … 
rt police operation ongoing in saint denis . is at the scene … 
rt they " threw grenades " during police raid says deputy commander … 
rt images coming through of armed police in saint denis suburb - latest on here : https : … 
rt french police raid in follow continuing coverage … 
rt roads leading to st denis have been blocked , bbc's reports from the scene … 
rt the police dog killed during the raid was a belgian malinois called diesel . live update at … 
rt the scene in paris exactly a week on from that killed 130 people 
rt three suspects reported killed , two arrested in ongoing paris police and army raid on apartment in saint denis https://… 
rt " heavy , heavy gunfire " - saint denis residents told to stay indoors , bbc reporter told … 
rt germany-netherlands match called off after serious bomb threat , says hanover police chief https://… 
europe must " act fast , swiftly & amp ; strongly " to defeat terrorism " 
◾️the scene in exactly a week on from that killed 130 people 
rt " it is the entire country that has been attacked " - president hollande … 

knee-jerk react to actions of extremists with war on isil/isis/is/daesh - none of those describe a country ! 
what use ' compelling case ' only after massacres in neighborhood ? 
labour and the snp must to wake up and realise that action is required in syria . we cannot stand on the sidelines . 
fuckin moron 
he means we want to go get rid of assad and we need to do it soon do us a favour and fuck off 
ha ha ha , compelling case , just like compelling case of wmd in iraq 
the emphasis should not be put upon ' syria ' , but upon ' against is ' . hope ' in few days ' this approach'll be proved 
headlines : bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david cameron says " there is a … see more 
top story : bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david cameron says " there is a … see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david c … see more 
top story : mindcasters bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david cameron says … see more 
top story : linux and open source , bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david ca … see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm da … see more 
bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david cameron says " there is a compelling … see more 
update : bbc breaking news on twitter : " uk pm david cameron says " th … see more 
now that these world super power nations are are taking action against isis , downfall is right ahead . good wins . 
here we go again ! 
european countries ramp up their efforts to take out first now 
silly bollocks is off again , we've done our fair share in past conflicts 
moment ? 
i was talking about it this morning .. never imagine that they will talk about it today ! 
is not tht answesr.mr . cameron . 
bbcbreaking : uk pm david cameron says " there is a compelling case " for britain to act against is in ... 
invade syria for isil like fighting al qaeda in iraq ? people speculate 500,000 -1m people dead because of the latter 
uh oh ... 
hmm , britain always have a " compelling case to be involved " hence the sun never setting on the empire . 
what with ? you've scrapped most of our military capability dave ! 
who saw that coming .. 
i bet there is ! 
if you're not bombing or not about to bomb syria , raise your hand . no one ? ok . 
stop fucking hesitating . ..... get on and do something you pathetic individual 
will ' s plan include increasing the uk refugee cap to make room for those his action will create ? 
go ahead , flatten the earth , the mice will get away . needs a whole new approach , plug funding ; plug arms supply . 
bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : uk pm david cameron says " there is a compelling case " for brita … 
post something to obama right on google search page with gospik extension . 
we have james bond , spectra and cobra ... men playing james bond ? 
and make us more of a target ? i hope all you tory voters are happy with diminishing civil rights that will follow . 
getting ready for war ... again ... 
actually good , sensible words from dave here . let's hope his proposal for action isn't the iraq war 2.0 . 
a far more compelling one for not leaving him near livestock , however . 
uk pm david cameron says " there is a compelling case " for britain to act against is in syria 
no britain . don't retaliate . 
a real leader ! 
david cameron is spineless 

us issues worldwide travel alert 
united states tells its citizens : " for the love of god , don't travel anywhere foreign or you'll die ! " 
a wave of and media sensation of risks overshadowing 
dear america , don't go anywhere . stay here . there could be dangers outside this country . we don't know where .... 
the us state department issues a worldwide travel alert for american citizens in response to " increased terror ... 
rt us state department issues global travel alert - 
if obama has his way regarding allowing syrian refugees into our borders , we would also be looking at a ... 
rt issues alert ... 
us issues rare global travel alert over terror threats - 
americans advised to " avoid large crowds / crowded places " - is meaningless tosh 
rt now they get everyone second guessing if they should travel or not . so tired of this crap already . … 

rt deal is reached between the northern ireland parties to resolve current political crisis 
after 10 weeks of talks , a way forward has been agreed on paramilitarism and welfare reform for 
deal agreed to resolve ni crisis 
who has no thumbs and just dispensed a packet of cheese & onion crisps ? this machine 
rt corporation tax cut to 12.5% poorest thrown under a bus well done sinn fein . 
northern ireland political crisis : governments and two largest parties agree deal 
n . ireland ( pop 1.8 m ) given £30m pa for dhp wales ( pop . 3.1 m ) has £22m hit - deal !!! 
bbc news - northern ireland political crisis : governments and two largest parties agree deal 
dup & sinn fein now joined at the hip >> british & irish governments and two largest parties agree deal 
rt ni political deal done i'm pleased indep benefits expert eileen evason to oversee £30m pa to mitigate https :/ … 
thank for your prayers for n ireland 
it is good to hear that there has been a step forward in the stormont agreement . for that we are thankful ! now ... 
rt tax credits compensation in ni deal …. if applied to all uk households at same rate would be worth … 
a ( nother ) deal agreed for there'll be dancing in the streets today no doubt . or something .... 
rt we've got a deal at stormont - a fresh start ? tune into for the details and more on the site … 
rt as terrorism is reluctantly tackled outside the uk here comes more sickening appeasement of the vile ira . 
oh hai ! you'll never guess what - i've just dispensed a packet of prawn cocktail crisps 
in * 2015 * , they've formally agreed not to let illegal militias tell them what to do . 
i wonder who has been stabbed in the back over this ' agreement ' ... tony 
top story : northern ireland political crisis : governments and parties agree dea … see more 
rt today's stormont deal : welfare reform process expected to start this week or next . 
northern ireland political crisis : governments and parties agree deal 
rt new deal agreed - ' a fresh start - the stormont agreement implementation plan ' but no agreement on legacy issues … 
a deal is reached between the british and irish governments and northern ireland's two largest parties ... uk 
oh hai ! you'll never guess what - i've just dispensed a packet of ready salted crisps 
3.2 million to monitor terrorists already in government . taxpayers money !! 
" an important turning point for ni " , says as deal reached to resolve the country's political crisis . 
a new deal , a new set of issues re in northern ireland 
northern ireland talks : british and irish governments and dup and sinn fein agree deal 
check me out - i've just gone and dropped the finest packet of cheese & onion crisps you'll ever taste 
rt deal agreed has £345m for welfare mitigation incl £30m /yr for bedroom tax via … 
rt n . ireland parties & govts agree a deal : another £21m for welfare reforms , incl mitigation for tax credit cuts https://… 

" it is the entire country that has been attacked " - president hollande 
bbcbreaking : " it is the entire country that has been attacked " - president hollande 

argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - 
argentina opposition's macri ahead in presidential election - bbc news 
rt opposition candidate mauricio macri wins argentina presidential election run-off , according to exit polls . … 
opposition ' wins argentina presidency ' - 
argentina conservative ahead in poll 
opposition's is now confirmed winner and new in election results 
kirchenerism ending in argentina 

continuing coverage of the saint denis police operation 
rt bbcbreaking : continuing coverage of the saint denis police operation 
rt continuing coverage of the police operation … 

rt changed the game of rugby for the better . what an athlete , just phenomenal . rip jonah lomu . 
rt such a sad loss , a colossus in his sport and inspirational ambassador for those of us with 
all blacks great lomu dies aged 40 
rt all blacks rugby great dies aged 40 , after a long fight with a kidney condition … 
rt bbc sport - new zealand rugby union great dies aged 40 ;( … 
rt jonah lomu - an 18 stone and 6ft 5in try-scoring machine . rugby union remembers a legend . … 
new zealand rugby union legend jonah lomu dies aged 40 . 
jonah lomu : new zealand rugby union great dies aged 40 - 
jonah lomu : new zealand world cup winner dies aged 40 
rt " a legend " - new zealand great and former cardiff blues wing jonah lomu dies aged 40 … 
can't believe has died - so sad . 
rt tributes as new zealand legend and former cardiff blues wing jonah lomu dies aged 40 … 
rt our thoughts are with jonah lomu's family and friends 
new zealand rugby union legend jonah lomu has died aged 40 
rt tributes are being paid to new zealand rugby union great jonah lomu who has died aged 40 . … 
rt an inspiration , a rugby union great , husband & father . some of the jonah lomu tributes : … 
all blacks great lomu dies aged 40 . one of the all time greats . 
rt rugby giant jonah lomu scored 43 tries in 73 matches for new zealand between 1994 & 2002 … 
a sad day for rugby , sports fans and all who loved jonah lomu- a warm hearted giant : new zealand rugby union great 
rt so sad to hear about this , he was such a dominant force in the game . jonah lomu : dies aged 40 
rt our thoughts are with his family and friends on this day - bbc sport - jonah lomu 
rt very sad news about jonah lomu - rip new zealand rugby union great dies aged 40 
so sad a sporting great ! 
rt sporting world in mourning as rugby superstar and all black legend jonah lomu dies aged 40 » htt … 
rt rugby great dies aged 40 , after long fight against kidney condition … 

rt charlie sheen announces he's hiv-positive , to put stop to " barrage of attacks " … 
confirms he is hiv positive - 
rt bbc news - charlie sheen confirms he is hiv positive 
just seen this re charlie sheen . it saddens me that there's still a stigma , but also angry that it's able to spread . 
rt . " charlie sheen confirms he is positive " 
charlie sheen confirms he has hiv 
if charlie sheen becomes the face of hiv will it set back attempts to educate people about it for years ? 
that's how hiv spreads in western world : “ it was " impossible " that he would have passed hiv on to anyone else ” — 
charlie sheen- " i am here to admit that i am hiv positive , " 
sad news , but i wss really shocked when someone said chsrlue sheen had aids after radio news said hiv 
sad news my favourite actor 

rt russia's security chief says a " terror act " brought down russian plane in egypt killing all 224 people on board https :/ … 
russia plane crash : ' terror act ' downed a321 over egypt's sinai ,!!!! 
russia confirmed this week that russian airliner was brought down by ' terrorist act ' 
rt russia steps up attacks on is in syria after saying " act of terror " brought down plane … 
it's official : ' terror act ' downed a321 over egypt's sinai - 
' act of terror ' downed russian plane 
rt from outset i warned a bomb , not missile , perhaps downed sinai plane now seemingly confirmed https … 
( because let's face it . russia is not the enemy nor are it's people . they are ... 
now says that a ' terror act ' bombing did down their a321 airliner over egypt . likely by 
that useful horrific act that can allow russia to shift its focus to coalition in the making ? 
' terror act ' downed russian plane 
rt ' terror act ' downed a321 over egypt's sinai > … … > cheap flights > … … https :/ … 
is have fucked up now ... - 
russia plane crash : ' terror act ' downed a321 over egypt . spreading thin , same mistake hitler made tbh fam smhh 

rt 19 anti-terror raids were carried out in the brussels region & 3 others in charleroi , belgian prosecutor says … 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 
arrests in belgium anti-terror raids 
brussels lockdown : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - 
belgium detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number arrests to 21 
rt belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids 
rt detains 5 more people in overnight raids , prosecutor says , bringing total number of arrests to 21 https :/ … 
top story : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 
why is it the only people i can speak to on the phone cant give me an answer on a refund for my flight ? 
headline : belgian police arrest 16 in anti-terror raids - bbc news see more 

bbc world service gets funding boost 
confirmed : bbc is to broadcast to ethiopia and eritrea , but in which languages ? 
rt excellent news as gets major funding boost 
good news ! bbc world service gets funding boost 
rt bbc world service gets funding boost : the government is to invest £85 million a ... 
bbc increased funding aimed at countries with a " democracy deficit " including m east russia , n korea and 
rt bbc pidgin and bbc yoruba coming soon 
bbc's world services funding to be boosted to £85 billion a year from 2017 : 
bbc world service gets funding boost via | 
in democracy crisis nations such as ethiopia , bbc ws gets uk gov't funding approval for program air time 
will renewed funds restore lang services like amazing 2 bulk of ssa only reached by sw ? 
better late than never for uk govt to realise defunding the ws was stupid , i guess : 
a good call from the gov ; will make a gd difference to worldwide democracy should not have been cut in 1stplace tho 
rt any good news about the world service should be good news for the world . 
5 years after cutting funding uk govt reinvests in at last realized how valuable it is ? 
increased funding for we all benefit . 
world service gets funding boost from government 
grave mistake for bbc to accept direct govt funding . it was ok when world service was separate . worrying . 
rt tax credits slashed but there is no austerity when it comes to serving up british propaganda . that's … 
shrewd soft power given boost 
rt bbc has financial conflict of interest . today given £85m of " defence budget " . 
gov decision to increase funding after previous cuts is a relief : bbc world service is a vital soft power tool 
rt great news - a welcome turnaround : gets funding boost from government - 
more on global footprint - world service will get new funding - albeit smaller than before : 
rt bbc to start a pidgin service for nigeria and west africa 
bbc world service funding boost : the only problem is it now popularises the liberal progressive world view 
great to see the government invest to expand services into 

rt 19 nationalities among dead in & many under 30 years old - french president https://… 
rt bbcbreaking : 19 nationalities among dead in & many under 30 years old - french president … 

rt uk pm david cameron to set out a " comprehensive strategy " for dealing with islamic state extremists … 
rt uk pm david cameron says " there is a compelling case " for britain to act against is in syria https … 
rt let's remember that in 2013 , cameron wanted to bomb assad's regime , while ally saudia arabia funded and armed isis … 
pm : i will make case for strikes against is in syria 
rt ukiniraq " rt ukagainstisil : . number10gov : have strengthened the case for strikes to be … " 
rt pm : we must do more on is in syria : prime minister david cameron says he will s ... 
rt . : have strengthened the case for strikes to be extended to … 
pm : i will make case for syria strikes 
cameron using paris attacks to re-sell plan for britain bombing in syria 
pm : i will make case for strikes against is in syria - bbc news 
dc getting itchy button fingers , he wants to play and bomb raqqa into rubble . then , bomb the rubble into gravel . 
rt vic minett's here from 10 - should we bomb isis in syria ? call 0345 900 5 200 david cameron wants … 
vic minett's here from 10 - should we bomb isis in syria ? call 0345 900 5 200 david cameron wants mp's to back plans 
on the big phone in today - do you hope your mp votes to bomb isis in syria ? your view at 9am 
rt pm cameron : paris attack strengthens case for strikes against 
rt uk : prime minister david cameron has said parliament will hold a vote on whether or not to bomb in syria . … 
david cameron to set out is strategy 
rt airstrikes in syria won't work , cameron should be acting against muslims in the uk they are a bigger threat … 
mr c get your own act in order first please look who you've let in to the uk - nutters - 
rt desperate for a slice of the pie .. 

: " germany friendly called off " 
rt german football stadium evacuated over security alert and germany-netherlands match cancelled 
germany friendly stadium evacuated 
rt the hannover stadium hosting germany's friendly with the netherlands is being evacuated . … 
germany v netherlands friendly called off after bomb threat - 
germany p-p netherlands . 
wasn't just france though . can't exactly blame people for not wanting to visit europe right now 
rt germany's football match with the netherlands is called off due to security concerns … 
in germany however it was a different story with the game being called off due to a bomb scare 
rt germany v netherlands friendly called off for security concerns in hannover . 
rt germany's friendly vs the netherlands tonight has been cancelled for ' security reasons ' . … 
v friendly called off after bomb threat - 
sad state when our way of life and living have us questioning every outing we plan on attending ! 

hollywood star denzel washington will be honoured at next year's golden globe awards . 
liveentertainment live : 17 november 2015 
three more contestants join i'm a celebrity . 
ryan gosling confirms role in bladerunner 2 . 
peter andre says he has no chance of winning strictly . 
top story : entertainment live : adele releases new song and other news - bbc news see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; entertainment live : adele releases new song … see more 
top story : mindcasters entertainment live : adele releases new song and other ne … see more 
top story : linux and open source , entertainment live : adele releases new song a … see more 
top entertainment live : adele releases new song and other news - bbc news see more 
top story : entertainment live : adele releases new song and other news - b … see more 
world of showbiz : brand new music from 

robinson to step down ' within weeks ' 
peter robinson : northern ireland first minister says the time is right to quit 
sure he can piss up his nama money on hols now . peter robinson : ni first minister says the time is right to quit - 
peter robinson : northern ireland first minister to quit within weeks - 
robinson says the time is right to quit ... 
northern ireland first minister says the time is right to quit another step forward to ireland independence . 
bbc news - northern ireland first minister says the time is right to quit 
so long , stinky pete . i cling to the faint hope that your successor is a better human being than you are . 
peter robinson : ni first minister set to quit within weeks ... 
rt bbc news - peter robinson : northern ireland first minister says time is right to quit - here's to … 
bbc news - peter robinson : northern ireland first minister says time is right to quit - here's to you mr robinson 
i would be pleased about this if i wasn't so sure that we'll just be exchanging kang for kodos . 
drinking tonight . 🎉 
rt good riddance to peter ( the punt ) robinson . he has seriously damaged unionism lundy ht … 
rt peter robinson stepping down to spend more time with iris 
rt peter robinson : ni first minister set to retire from politics 
now his wing man has moved to scotland he can't go on- 
better late than never , peter ... 
it's probably wishful thinking but maybe progress will be able to be made now .... nah , doubt it 😢 - 
on a purely non-political note , i’m not surprised by this : 
rt peter robinson announces he will quit northern irish politics within weeks 
meaning the successors will be arlene foster or nigel dodds ... dear oh dear ... 
must have got that house in america , ole arlene weres the boots now . 

obama says paris attacks aren't ' new normal ' . new normal is actually european cities locked down to prevent attacks 
we won't let the terrorists change our way of life , except for maybe having europe's capitals on indefinite lockdown 
rt we won't let terrorists change our way of life , except for maybe having europe's capitals on indefinite lockdown … 
brussels alert to stay at highest level 
“ imminent threat ” 
: extended over ' imminent threat ' - 
marshal law in belgium ? here we stand in late 2015 with the capital city of europe , brussels , in its third day ... 
citizens in brussels have been warned off the streets amid fears of a serious and imminent terrorist attack 
' imminent threat ' extends brussels alert 
bloody nightmare =\ 
top story : brussels alert ' stays at highest level ' - bbc news see more 
rt paris attacks : brussels alert stays at highest level 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; brussels alert ' stays at highest level ' - bb … see more 
brussels alert extended over ' imminent threat ' , 16 arrests in belgium fugitive salah abdeslam not among them - bbc 
rt belgian pm says brussels security alert status to stay at highest level 
not to make it sound trivial , but can you really refer to someone who's alive as a suicide bomber ? 
【brussels has been on lockdown all weekend , amid a manhunt for suspected paris attacker salah abdeslam . 】 

rt pm to outline case on thursday for uk " going after isil at their headquarters in syria " … 
rt uk defence review : - £178bn investment over next 10 years - 2 new " strike brigades " - 9 maritime patrol aircraft https … 
top story : politics live : monday 23 november - bbc news see more 
rt david cameron's back in the uk , ready to put case for action in syria . bbc politics live - https :/ … 
live page on uk government's defence review . massive extra investment . 
hmg will be investing £5.8 bn in climate finance " supporting fragile and broken states " in order to “ play our part ... 

eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning 
rt bbcbreaking : eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning … 
rt bbcbreaking : eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mour … 
rt tariqnoorkhan : eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mo … 
rt eiffel tower lights up in french colours after dimming its lights in mourning htt … 

rt " heavy , heavy gunfire " - saint denis residents told to stay indoors , bbc reporter told … 

rt 19 nationalities among dead in & many under 30 years old - french president https://… 
rt " france is at war " , french president tells rare meeting of houses of parliament , versailles https … 
rt france will intensify operations in syria , where were " decided and planned " , french president says … 
rt bbcworld : rt bbcbreaking : france will intensify operations in syria , where were " decided and planned … https : … 
video : hollande addresses french congress : via 

british government just pinched a lot of your doctors and flew them to britain 
we'd like to give a warm welcome to the syrian refugees who have arrived in glasgow today ! qassem , who arrived ... 
rt ~ 100 refugees landed in as part of the vulnerable persons relocation scheme : bbc rep … 
rt refugees fleeing & brutality arrived in uk today as part of vpr scheme . the uk welcomes them https … 
refugees flight lands in 
bbc reports warm welcome to refugees landing in as part of the vulnerable persons relocation scheme : 
refugees flight lands in - will the peace of the scottish hebrides be disturbed by call to prayers ? 
rt momentous day | scotland shows the way 
syrian refugee group to arrive in uk via bbc 
fast track , free house and pounds to fund more attacks while the government closes their eyes 
" shopkeeper baljit promises to order special foods for new syrian neighbours " 
~ 100 refugees landed in as part of the vulnerable persons relocation scheme : bbc reports warm welcome 
syrian refugee group set to arrive in uk - bbc news 
i wish all the families that have arrived in scotland warmth safety & security , things we all take for granted ️xx 
the stories behind the syrian refugees and one scottish community waiting their arrival 
scotland welcomes the syrian refugees . although it's cold here , hope your welcome on bute is warm 
is pleased to have organised the first charter arrival of to read more here : 
rt around 100 syrian refugees are due to arrive in the uk today from refugee camps in jordan and lebanon via http … 
no harm to them but seriously the min they walk of the plane they get housing , what about our own that sleep rough ! 
syrian refugees flight lands in i'm glad they've done it discreetly . 
bbc news - syrian refugees arrive in scotland . 0615 
syrian refugee group arrive in uk 
truly welcome . syrian refugees land in 
rt breaking : a flight carrying a group of syrian refugees has touched down at glasgow airport htt … 
gov’t foisting as hundred — then thousands — of ‘ imported at expense … 
from syria to the east end of glasgow . sometimes life ain't fair . 
the first group of syrian refugees have arrived in the uk under the govt's expanded resettlement scheme 
rt syrian refugee group set to arrive in uk - these people are among the 20,000 selected because they need special help … 
been a long day reporting for from the isle of bute , where 15 syrian families will be resettled . 
rt about 100 syrian refugees have landed in uk - the largest group to arrive since the government expanded its scheme https … 

let's hope macri brings sanity back to argentinian position on falklands & ending kirchner's dangerous rhetoric 
conservative mauricio macri wins argentina presidency 
rt bbc news - mauricio wins presidency 
one down , one to go ; ) 
conservative wins argentina presidency 
argentina rediscovers a bit of political common sense 
bit of hope for argentina ; can't be any worse than that dreadful de kirchner woman 
conservative mauricio macri wins presidency 
narrowly votes out peronists and opts for centre-right macri as president 
a fresh start for argentina 
i hope that macri's victory will bring prosperity and an end to destructive populism in 
conservative victory bad , but mind-numbing populist bullshit from the other side dug its own grave . 
with macri's victory , argentina inaugurates a new cycle in latin american politics . 
makes a bold move and a positive one ! 
this seems a sound decision . here's hoping that this will bring an end to peronist style populism . i would like to … 
i remember the after first round , crowing how the left wing candidate had won by a ' landslide ' - ooops 
wow ! now heres hoping he diesnt do a menem ... 
change for 
rt top story in questo momento : conservative mauricio macri wins argentina preside … see more http … 
rt at last ! the end of the kirchner dynasty . 
change is everywhere . we are changing uganda soon ... let's go forward conservative mauricio macri wins argentina ... 

rt images coming through of armed police in saint denis suburb - latest on here : https : … 

boy , 15 , from plymouth , charged over cyber attacks on international websites and bomb hoaxes on us airlines 
global cyber attacks 
boy , 15 , charged over cyber attacks 
15 y/o boy from plymouth , uk , charged with attacking websites & making bomb hoaxes to us airlines via social media 
plymouth boy , 15 , charged over global 
bbc news 15yr old british boy charged over cyber attacks on international websites & bomb hoaxes against us airlines 
a 15-year-old from plymouth is charged over cyber attacks on international websites and bomb hoax ... 
police say cyber attack charges are not thought to relate to the talktalk attack - ( pic : pa ) 
bbc news - boy , 15 , charged over 
breaking : plymouth boy , 15 , charged over international cyber attacks 
boy 15 charged with uk usa bomb hoaxes 
news : 15-year-old boy from plymouth charged with and bomb hoaxes 
plymouth - the uk's real second city . 

paris attacks : police in deadly swoop on apartment in northern suburb - 
police sources say saint denis shooting was connected to hunt for fugitives 
rt heavy shooting heard in northern paris suburb of saint denis during police operation 
paris attacks : heavy shooting heard in northern suburb 
paris attacks : deadly police swoop on apartment in northern suburb 
two die in hunt for ' mastermind ' - 
two die in hunt for paris ' mastermind ' 
rt " heavy shooting heard north of paris : heavy shooting is heard in the northern paris suburb of sai ... … 
rt remarkable john woo-style image from this morning . this is an picture on the bbc site . https :/ … 
paris attacks : police swoop on apartment in northern suburb - 
top story : ' heavy shooting ' heard north of paris - bbc news see more 
rt 2 people killed in paris raid , inc female suspect who blew herself up with suicide belt … 
ah , the word ' mastermind ' again ! let's not feed isis's narrative and glamourise brutish , mindless criminals 
don’t be fooled by depicting ‘ as mothers and children . women are too … 
paris attacks : 2 die in hunt for " mastermind " abaaoud . 
why call these cowards ' masterminds' ? they are far from it , call them what they are ... scum . 
deadly paris raid on attacks suspects 
bbc news - woman blows herself up & a suspect is shot dead during police raid on a flat in paris , seven arrests made 
can't understand why j corbyn wasn't called to talk to them . lives could have been saved . 😞 
rally for peace in brussels district associated with gunmen 
- so does she get 72 virgins too ? islam they tell me is all about equality & empowerment of women . 
4th picture down in this news story - notice the pigeon 
a woman has blown herself up & a suspect shot dead during a raid in a while 7 arrests were made 
rt ' heavy shooting ' heard north of paris during police operation 
paris raid on \'terror boss\': two dead 
soldiers on the streets . 
footballers £30k a day some of them in premiership vs these guys £30k a year . you cant even compare the two . wrong 
all 129 victims of the have been identified , a french government spokesman says 
attacks : 2 suspects die in hunt for ' mastermind ' abaaoud incl female suicide bomber who detonated herself 

the word for goosebumps is chair de poule . 
i just can't . i'm so scared for the world 😨 
france is at war 
he needs to wake up obama with that message !!! 
shades of gwb post 9/11 . but we need a steady cool hand 
unfortunately for the dead . that woke you up froggy . 
" eye for an eye " ? 
great . just what we need ! 
some moral clarity here ... from the french president 
declaration of war from france . 
if i were a frenchman i'd be very proud of my politicians - the entire french parliament sings the 
powerful stuff from hollande 
this was their intent people . excuses for more war . could it be any more clear ? 
shit ! 
fuck isis 
this is a lot like post 9/11 rhetoric ......... did we not learn anything 
president called for a u.n. security council meeting . 
war on terror 
because the good response to death is more death . obviously . 
rt we average person need peace ! 
damn ... is this how it'll start ? 
heyy !! shit is about to hit the fan and the whole world seems to be sitting under it .. 
and here is the difference in leadership 
france at war ... 👎⚠🆘😤 
3rd time since 1848 that a french president gathers both houses of parliament . this is serious ! 
some degree of irony here . 
hasn't it planned ? france wants to attacks syria , but they should have the ' reason ' to do it that make world agree 
looks like france have pretty much declared war ! 
dark days ahead ... 
so it begins 
meanwhile , back in the us ..... 
aw fuck i think france has declared war ... this isn't going to end well ... 
we support you 
well , here we go ........... 
go hollande go ... go wash your sins in blood . 
meanwhile some real speech on the crisis as opposed to hearing obama's silly dither . 
we are now seeing world war three god help us 
we are all at war with terrorism , or we will be victims . 
updates : 
eerily reminds me of chamberlain's speech to britain about going to war with germany . please , not ww3 . 😢 
yikes . bold rhetoric . 
fucking terrorists . 
different tenor in obama's and hollande's statements ? 

: " video : paris attacks : news conference " 
live : paris prosecutor delivers press conference on 
a little bit of news , keeping you in the loop . it's what we do ! video : paris attacks : news confe … 
the french prosecutor in charge of the investigation into the paris attacks gives a news conference after the … 

rt uk police now treating disappearance of leicestershire teenager kayleigh haywood as murder 
kayleigh haywood case ' treated as murder ' - 
parents !!! who are your daughters talking to on ?? 
is a safer environment for young women than 
kayleigh case ' treated as murder ' 
i hope they find her safe and well 
" we just need to know what has happened to our baby girl , " say parents of kayleigh haywood 
so sad and so close to home too . 
police say they are now treating the disappearance of leicestershire teenager kayleigh haywood as murder . 
kayleigh haywood case now being treated as 

pm announces defence review . amazing how the no brain politicos who led us into this mess think they can get us out . 
video : pm announces defence and security review - 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of an … top story 
video : pm announces defence and security review : david cameron gives details of … 
bbc news - pm announces defence and security review 
david cameron gives details of an additional £12bn of equipment spending , as he outlines the strategic defence and … 
live : pm announces defence and security review via 

david cameron : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
world united in terror fight - cameron 
in uk interest : pm only in dave's tory interest .. we're safer if we leave middle east alone . 
cameron view : world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - rest of the world fighting daesh 
christmas cancelled peace to all men put on hold - world uniting to fight ' evil threat ' 
pm holding talks with french president 
david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande - bbc news 
we will never defeat is it's one of the most commonly used words ! seriously tho call them daesh , not a ' state ' 
i dunno man , it doesnt seem like bombs and guns will actually stop them , and will probably help their cause ? 
pm to hold talks with french president 
rt prime minister to told talks with francois hollande on c o-o peration against isil . 
cameron and hollande meet in paris to fight ' evil threat ' of is 
if the ' world ' was united , we wouldn't be fighting 
top story : get your tank refill now david cameron to hold talks with french pre … see more 
[ news botfeed top story ] david cameron to hold talks with french president holl … see more 
i.t. - blokes : stories of the day ; david cameron to hold talks with french pres … see more 
the glenn quagmire ☣ - globe top story : david cameron to hold talks with french … see more 
david cameron : uniting to fight ' evil threat ' of is - bbc news 
top story david cameron to hold talks with french president hollande … see more 

