rt at least 31 killed , 72 hurt in bomb blast in nigerian city of yola , local red cross official says . 
rt police : suicide bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
police : bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
what's going on in nigeria is beyond sorrowful ; no word can actually described the lamentable situation that ... 
bomb blasts in yola and kano , nigeria , - 
two bomb attacks in 24 hours -- one of them involving an 11-year-old female bomber -- killed dozens of people and ... 
let's not forget .... police : bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
rt let's be sure to lift up the as fiercely as we lift up 
bomb blast kills dozens in nigerian city of yola - 
police : suicide bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market - cnn 
why do people keep posting that these horrors are not being reported by the major news media ... 
did you know about this ? world wide 
please pray for nigeria . 
after hearing about the 1-year old suicide bomber in nigeria , maybe should worry about kids ? 
tuns of reactions were seen after the paris attack in the social media . none was seen for this 
where is the coverage of the bombings in nigerian cities that occurred this week ? they deserve help & prayers too ! 
police : bombers , one of them 11 , target market 
explosion in nigeria , one of the bombers was 11 girl . killed dozens and wounded more that 120 
police : bombers , one of them an 11 year-old girl target nigeria market 
here : and here : 
they need your prayers too . bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
don't have to worry about kids being terrorists . think again , bozo : bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
omg ... what is happening in this world . why are people doing this in the name of religion ? these are not ... 
mixed feelings on this one . what do we do when we see a child who is a terrorist 
caribbean american passport extends sympathy to the families of those injured and killed in yesterday's senseless ... 
it's terrible that someone as young as 11 can be convinced to do something this horrific 
in case julie hasn't seen this , children are now suicide bombers : 
wasn't that on the 18th ? ( that is , mali is pushing it out of the news cycle ) 

sate department issues world-wide alert . 
ignoring god that's why ... 
worldwide travel alert ... 
u.s. issues worldwide travel alert 
flying tomorrow ! wishing safe travels to all . rt state department issues worldwide alert 
state department issues worldwide alert via 
rt is so lame and weak . tells us that is contained , then our own state department issues this warning … 
rt gg wildcard daily headline : cnn " usa issues worldwide travel alert " 
rt . " ... avoid large crowds or crowded places " over the holidays . will your family be changing any plans ? https … 
i'm not worried about isis killing me or hurting my children . i'm worried about this home grown terrorism right ... 
from ruining global travel for all . state dept . issues worldwide travel alert 
state dept travel alert is more about govt expression of power than keeping us safe 
be safe ! 
probably safe to say they have solid reasons for doing this . keep your heads on a swivel travelers . 
travels alerts to who is travelling during the holiday season . 
well this is fun considering im going to paris and england in january 
more info 

france remembers paris terror victims after hollande beats war drums 
rt cnn tv : paris attack victims honored in national ceremony . 
france remembers paris terror victims after hollande vows to destroy isis . 
national flags will fly from buildings in france friday in solidarity with 130 people killed in the paris attacks . 
france vows to ' destroy ' fanatics 
remembers victims , as its president challenges 
french prez committing to war vs isis without sending ground troops is pure cowardice 
france remembers paris terror victims , after president beats war drums against isis 
france memorializes paris terror victims 
remembers terror victims , after# president war drums against 
france remembers paris terror victims , as its president beats war drums against isis 

st. louis rams player shot in head 
st. louis rams player stedman bailey hospitalized . 
st. louis rams wide receiver stedman bailey shot while sitting in car 
rams ' wide receiver stedman bailey hospitalized - 
stedman bailey , rams ' wide receiver , shot in miami area - 
st. louis rams/former wvu wide receiver stedman bailey shot while sitting in car 
rams ' stedman bailey shot while sitting in car 
a professional athlete is shot twice in his head ... while sitting in a car ? 
stedman bailey of the was shot in miami , florida , by | 
stedman bailey , rams ' wide receiver , shot in miami gardens - 
cnn : st. louis wide receiver shot while sitting in car , police say 
dear america - you built this congrats . 
st. louis rams wide receiver shot while sitting in car . 
wr , stedman baiey , in critical condition after being shot in the head tuesday night in miami . 
stedman bailey , rams ' wide receiver , shot in head 
report : st. louis rams wide receiver stedman bailey shot in head 
every single time , each child , each boy/girl , man/woman , infant and now a la ram 
stedman bailey was shot . 
. wr in critical condition after being shot in the head tues night . covering . 
you always hate to see stories like this . 
our thoughts and prayers go out to the bailey family . st. louis rams wide receiver stedman bailey shot in head 
thoughts & prayers : st. louis rams wide receiver stedman bailey shot in head 

the is out and gaining nationwide coverage . 
health panel says world health organization mishandled ebola outbreak response . 
ebola crisis : who slammed by panel over slow response 
ebola crisis : who slammed by harvard-convened panel over slow response 
" ebola crisis : who slammed over poor response " 
ebola crisis : who slammed over slow response 
crisis : slammed by harvard-convened panel over slow response 
46 . public health : 2014 - 2015 ebola epidemic , harvard university : who slammed by harvard panel over slow response 
thanks sterling -- and here's the link to the coverage of our report : 
the report is in . who's greatest failure re : ebola was waiting too long to act . 
health panel says world health organization mishandled outbreak response , rpts : 

rt paris terror attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep 
some terrorist changed his mind possibly ? 
possible suicide vest found 
" possible suicide vest found in paris suburb " - 
no sign of paris suspect in belgium raids as brussels remains under high alert - cnn 
paris attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep👉 
possible suicide vest found in garbage can . 
attacks isis from aircraft carrier , launches bid to build coalition : 
french launch attacks from carrier . possible suicide vest found 
finally a cowardly terrorist ! if only more terrorists where like salah abdeslam . 
it appears france has a new foreign policy for the muddle east that copies ours : bomb arabs . i suspect their ... 
isis hit by jets from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort 
france hits isis from aircraft carrier 
isis hit from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort france grew balls . allahu akbar ... 
france attacks isis from aircraft carrier - 

we are finished ! 
boko haram overtakes isis as world's deadliest terror group , report says 
rt think the enemy has been " contained ? " think again . this new report says otherwise . 
deaths from global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , according to a new report . " 
rt global terrorism is on the rise , obama has no strategy to combat it : 
increased by 80% in 2014 , says report - 
political violence is driving terrorism boko haram is a isis sympathizer who must b defeated regardless of continent 
all the focus is on isis , but boko haram has become the deadliest terror group 
the world's deadliest terror group isn't isis 
overtakes as world's deadliest terror group . can we finally talk about 
should be read to understand what's the world like today . 
kills more than !!! 
boko haram overtakes isis in terror deaths 
i want to work in the field of counter terror . but i don't know if i want to work for the government . suggestions ar … 
boko haram overtakes isis in terror death . global terrorism , facts and figures(2014 ) . 
boko haram takes over the spot as deadliest terrorist organization 
this group killed more people than isis last year 
did you know this ? please read - 

charlie sheen says he is hiv-positive 
rt charlie sheen to " today " : i've paid millions to people who extorted me over hiv diagnosis . … 
rt charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . 
we know that when charlie sheen admitted that he is hiv-positive , bill had kittens 

cnn citing turkish air force warning " this is turkish air force , change dot-dot-dot .. " 

rt . is ending his campaign for president . " i've come to the realization that this is not my time . " … 
rt louisiana governor bobby jindal has announced that he is ending his presidential bid , saying " this is not my time " . https :/ … 
lol - and he was so close to top in polls gop(r)bobby jindal announces he is ending presidential campaign 
oh damn - - lol ------ gop(r)bobby jindal announces he is ending presidential campaign 

rt porsche blames actor paul walker for his own death in one of its sports cars . 
paul walker death : actor's fatal accident his own fault , porsche says - cnn 
rt paul walker death : actor's fatal accident his own fault , porsche says 

meet cnn's hero of the year 
2015 cnn hero of the year : maggie doyne 
congrats to maggie doyne on being named cnn’s 2015 hero of the year ^lee 
cnn reveals 2015 hero of the year 
read about the nominees and be inspired cnn hero of the year maggie doyne helps women , children in nepal 
cnn hero of 2015 build the kopila valley children's home in nepal . 
read more at : 
brava ! 2015 of the year : maggie doyne : 
cnn heroes 2015 red carpet congratulations 
rt cnn 2015 hero of the year : new jersey's maggie doyne , who started women’s center , school , children’s home in nepal . … 
cnn's 2015 hero of the year : maggie doyne - 
rt cnn 2015 hero of the year maggie doyne helps women , children in nepal 
cnn hero of the year helps women , children in nepal 
check out 2015 of the year maggie doyne who helps women , children in 
this coming week reach out to your hero and tell them how proud you are of them . maggie job well done . 
shows there really is more love than hate 
in case you missed it , our friend is the 2015 cnn hero of the year . thrilled ! 
rt the power to create the world we want to live in-2015 cnn hero of the year https://… 
rt congratulations to maggie doyne on becoming the 2015 cnn hero of the year ! after a backpacking trip to nepal ,... … 
it's our privilege k maggie awarded with cnn heron ward while doing service in nepal .. congratulation ,,! 
jody farley-berens of voted top 10 congratulations ! 
icymi : cnn hero of yr not rev . joyner , who remains tops w/ nccf . he's in good co tho . tune in dec . 6 for show . 
i still have faith in humanity after this story . in times of need , we should reach out . 
congratulations to new jersey's own maggie doyne ! 
congratulations to maggie doyne for getting the hero of the year award ! 💪 

rt protesters shut down minneapolis interstate in response to fatal police shooting . 
rt shooting protests shut down i-94 
jamar clark shooting : videos don't show complete incident , police say cops/police/ police federation are liars ! 

russia : $50m for information on sinai crash 
rt russia says the passenger jet that crashed over egypt in october , killing 224 , was brought down by a bomb . … 

british pm david cameron argues in parliament for strikes on isis in syria - 
british pm david cameron argues in parliament for airstrikes in syria . 
pressure on isis builds : france , russia consult ; britain calls for airstrikes 
putin : assad's future should be in syrians ' hands 
british pm calls for strikes on isis in syria - 
future should be in hands 
pressure on isis builds : french , russian leaders confer - - 
assad's fate should be syrians ' decision 
putin : syrians should decide al-assad's fate -- 
rt putin : syrians should decide al-assad's fate which syrians ? the ones for assad after putin killed all rebels ? ht … 
uk pm david cameron urges strikes on isis in syria - 
wondering what the world is doing now about the isis crisis after the paris attacks ? check out this cnn link . 
cameron asks for strikes on isis 
uk prime minister urges on - 

who's bombing in syria ? 
rt putin : downing of a " stab in the back , " will affect russia-turkey relations . … 
rt turkish military says russian warplane repeatedly violated airspace , ignored warnings . … 
rt putin calls plane's downing by turkey ' stab in the back ' 
rt turkish military says plane violated airspace ; they responded with f-16s . 
turkey downs russian jet . there is a connection to in this incident . 
rt warplane crashes near turkey-syria border , according to semi-official turkish news agency . 
putin calls jet's downing ' stab in the back ' ; turkey says warning ignored 
rt are we nearing don’t fool yourself ! it could happen ! has proved to be a pretty effective catalyst ! … 
rt turkey says it issued 10 warnings to the russian plane it claims to have shot down . … 
rt congratulations turkey on starting world war 3 . what is wrong with you people . why do you want this war . … 
uk debates bombing syria today . who else is bombing in syria ? find out here . 
rt russian marine killed during operation to rescue pilot whose warplane was shot down by turkey … 
russian jet shot down by turkey ...... 

gunman shouted , " allahu akbar " , just as the muslim fans attending the soccer game in turkey did as the other fans ... 
mali hotel attacked by radical muslim terrorists , but , it isn't a reflection on the peaceful nature of islam . it ... 
mali hotel attack : president calls for unity 
mali hotel tack : president calls for unity to fight terror " 
gunmen shot ' anything that moved ' 
hotel attack : calls for unity to fight terror - 

pope gives ' catastrophic ' warning 
pope delivers historic mass in kenya . 
pope francis delivers stern warning ahead of paris climate conference 
pope francis delivrs stern warning ahead of summit in paris 
africans cannot afford to remain silent on illegal trade , poaching of elephants for ivory , pope francis says 
pope delivers stern warning ahead of conference . 
one common goal is the 
ge has near $300 billion in debt and is backed by clinton & dems who are broke-ass cons too 
rt pope francis urges religious unity in his first mass on africa trip 
pope basically blames the koch brothers and gop for misinformation and blocking environmental progress on climate ... 
pope francis urges religious unity at mass in africa - 
pope , false prophet no idea what he talk climate change genesis 8:22 . 
the world's funniest looking weatherman delivers stern warning ahead of climate conference in paris 
pope gives ' catastrophic ' climate warning 
omg .. a drinker of kool - aid . :'( 
cnn headine : " pope francis delivers [ a ] stern warning ahead of [ the ] paris climate conference " 
" it would be catastrophic were particular interests to prevail over the common good to protect their own plans ... " 
the ' man ' of god talks about man-made climate crisis . guess even god would be of now help … 
the ' man ' of god talks about man-made climate crisis . guess even god would be of now help on 
pope francis : throngs attend first mass in africa 

rt porsche blames actor paul walker for his own death in one of its sports cars . 
miss you angel 


two arrested in connection with last week's deadly attack on hotel in mali's capital . 
rt cnnbrk : two arrested in connection with last week's deadly attack on hotel in mali's c … 
rt 2 arrested in connection with last week's attack on hotel in mali's capital 
🇨🇦🇬🇧🇸🇪🇺🇸🐢😝👷🏼🍀in connection 43🙈💉🔥 deadly attack on hotel in😼🐥💩🙈👧🏽🎩🇫🇷xma$$ 👅🗽⚠️ 
mali arrests 2 suspects in hotel terror attack - 

rt " strong presumption " that a 2nd person linked to the paris attacks is at large , source close to probe says . … 
rt officers shot and wounded during raid seeking suspect in paris terrorist attacks , cnn affiliate bfmtv reports . … 

protesters to march again friday to ask feds to probe chicago police after teen's killing 
demonstrators want federal probe of mcdonald killing - 
rt kourtneydaqueen : rt firegod6371 : demonstrators want federal probe of mcdonald killing … 
protesters to march in chicago on friday and ask feds to probe mcdonald killing 
protesters to march in on friday and ask feds to probe mcdonald killing - cnn 
protesters target 
laquan mcdonald's killing : black leaders seek fed probe - 
rt protesters to march in chicago on friday-ask feds to probe killing i thought the feds w … 
protesters to march in chicago on friday and ask feds to probe killing 
even the president says it's disturbing ? then it must me disturbing . 
protesters to march in chicago on friday-ask feds to probe killing i thought the feds were already probing . 

isis claims responsibility for today's hotel bombing that killed at least 4 in egypt's sinai peninsula . 
rt cnnbrk : isis claims responsibility for today's hotel bombing that killed at least 4 in … 
isis claims responsibility in sinai hotel bombing that kills 4 
" contained . " " isis claims responsibility for todays hotel bombing that killed at least 4 in sinai peninsula . " 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( isis claims responsibility for today's hotel bombing that killed at least ... 

in seek after 17 injured in at crowded 
can we see the response from the dem cand to this news ? 9yr old : no 17 shot : 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park 
nope . that's your game . 
nope . yours is . 
what's the matter , racist ? too scared to call out gangbangers for shooting black kids ? 
17 injured in new orleans shooting 
police seek witnesses after shootout at new orleans crowded park during " music video " 
you and had nothng to say about this group shooting on sunday . sleeping ? when do 
rt 16 people shot by thugs in new orleans in 1 nite and we r worried about isis ? go figure ! 
rt multiple people injured after shooting at new orleans park . 
rt gunmen open fire on crowd of hundreds in new orleans . i'm ok with calling it terrorism , are you ? 
- " stop shooting black people , you racist cops ! " - news : " 16 people shot at new orleans ... 
new orleans shooting many wounded - 
17 wounded in new orleans shooting , 5 in minnesota , and we're scared of syrian orphans ? the fuck , people . the fuck . 
as i remember it in the 1990s . how can so much joy and art and so much violence go together ? 
police no witnesses 17 injured in shootout park if black lives really matter then speak up you know who it was 
says only nation where this regularly happens . 
and ur gonna ask for a source so here you go why no ppl talk about this shit 
ya 17 blacks shot by blacks yeaterday at bunny park yet no mention on here why please explain 
why have you not mentioned the 17 blacks shotby other blks at bunny park ? doesnt fit ur narrative . 
lol did u react like this to the 17 black ppl shot at bunny park last night by other black ppl . 
are you also gonna hunt the guys that shot 17 black ppl at bunny park last night ? 
why dont u supposed supporters mention last nights massacre of blacks by blacks ? 
more 
are the black ppl who shot 17 other black ppl yesterday also terrorists . why dont u mention that ? 
why dont u pray for the 17 blacks shot in a park by other black ppl last night in new orleans ? 
black lives matter ... 
y no outrage and protests for 17 black ppl getting shot by other blacks 
why are u not mentioned the 17 black ppl shot in a park last night by other blk ppl 
16 injured in new orleans shooting 
thoughts and prayers to those affected in the new orleans shooting . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured god told you everyday this week until the dismember 
rt police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped … 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped this 
seventeen people were shot in new orleans in a crowded park . 
why worry about americans shoot at themselves . hundreds of witnesses , very few speak out . 
17 injured in park shooting in new orleans . 
how horrible ! 
if blacks reported criminals , america would be a completely different place . 
police seek witnesses after shootout at crowded park - someone knows something . come on !! 
" police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout " at bunny friend park " hundreds of witnesses " 😞 
if you see nothing , explain how you are not part of the problem . 
i love my hometown . stop the violence . 
rt shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in new orleans via 

$21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says 
$21m hatton garden jewel biggest ' in english legal history , ' lawyer says - via $ 
$21m hatton garden jewel heist biggest ' in english legal history , ' lawyer says 
huge jewel heist makes history 
$21m jewel heist biggest ' in legal history , ' lawyer says 
jewel heist so big it makes history 
rt $21 million hatton garden heist " the largest burglary in english legal history . " or garden varie … 
" $21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says " did you see this ? 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( $21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says ... 
rt largest jewel heist in england goes to trial . youngest member of the gang ? 42 . ( ht 
$21m hatton garden jewel heist biggest ' in english legal history .... straight out of a james bond film .. 
$21 million hatton garden heist " the largest burglary in english legal history . " or garden variety cybercrime 

dead in texas and kansas as wintry storm sweeps south-central u.s. 
7 dead in texas , kansas as wintry storm sweeps plains - 
praying for our friends down south . " wintry storm pounds region , killing 7 " 
floods leave 3 dead in dallas area ; 2.5 m people under ice storm warning in texas , oklahoma , kansas . 
3 dead in texas flooding ; wintry storm hits south-central u.s. : 
wintry storm hits south-central us ; 3 dead in texas flooding - cnn international 
3 dead in texas floods ; wintry storm hits u.s. 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( floods leave 3 dead in dallas area ; 2.5 m people under ice storm warning ... 
dallas area gets 7 inches cold heavy rain and counting . flooding has led to three deaths in the dallas area after ... 
wintry storm hits south-central u.s. ; 3 dead in texas flooding 
3 dead in texas flooding ; wintry storm pounds region 
3 dead in wintry storm hits south-central u.s. 
one was my neighbor mt floods leave 3 dead in dallas area . 

rt attacks in paris are not the new normal , u.s. secretary of state john kerry tells 

rt germany-netherlands soccer match canceled ; fans at hanover stadium asked to leave , police say . 
rt stadium in germany evacuated after " serious plans for explosions , " police chief says . 
it's smart to cancel events under terrorist threat but we also must do something so we don't live in fear 

rt mother and father of football analyst doug flutie die within an hour of each other . 
football great doug flutie loses parents an hour apart 

black religious leaders invited to trump meeting say they won't endorse him 
rt you were quoted by 
why does donald trump keep lying ?? 
rt black religious leaders who met with say no to endorsement 
black religious leaders : no donald trump endorsement 
that's not correct . here's the updated story : 
lol ... i guess you won't get that religious endorsement you tweeted about . 
pastors : we didn't say that , trump 
black religious leaders invited to meeting say they won't endorse him 
bishop corletta vaughn , senior pastor of the holy ghost cathedral and a star of the oxygen reality series ... 
rt black religious leaders invited to meet deny plans to endorse him … 
jesus . besides being a narcissist the dude is a serial liar . good thing he's circling the toilet bowel and is ... 
link below . also might be why trump thinks cruz has endorsed a joint ticket . they met at trump tower 
good to see some things still hold true , democracy is alive and you still cannot buy the white house this country ... 
i don't need to add anything to this ! perfect 
black religious leaders : no trump endorsement 
so trump got punked by black pastors and religious leaders ? lol i can't wait for him to go n-word on em . last draw ! 

report : global temperature rise already halfway to ' two degree warming ' limit - 
report : global temperature hike already halfway to ' two degree warming ' limit 
rt this october was the warmest on record , noaa data shows . 7 months in 2015 have been warmest ever . 
half way to the 2 degree temperature increase limit 
two-degree mark is much closer than scientists anticipated , see what they are saying about it : 
for those who think climate change isn't real . watch this . 
global hike already halfway to ' two degree warming ' limit 
report : ' two degree warming ' limit gets closer 
rt oct ' 15 was the warmest oct on record and the warmest month ever recorded relative to the month's average temp . < https … 
read 2 fast on 2 degrees , only 1/2way there … 
my bad , skimmed it , said 1/2 there … 
global temperatures hit record high 
earth is nearing the ' danger zone ' 
like in my last tweet , we need to stop this before we are all doomed 
not related to race but this is a growing problem in today's world . light should be shed 
7 months this year have been hottest on record 
global temps hit new high 
world temperature is at its highest point ever , already halfway to the danger zone for our climate . 
october was the hottest month ever , we're already halfway to the degree warning limit 

rt officials : cell phone believed used by paris attacker recovered . contains message to effect : ok , we're ready . … 
rt officials : cell phone believed used by paris attacker found ; contains message to the effect of : ' we're ready ' - http … 
rt french police analyzing video that may show a second suspect in paris attacks . 
cnbc latest developments in paris attackscnn(cnn ) [ breaking news 11:34 p.m. et ] . police o … 

prominent pro-kurdish lawyer killed in turkey 
" pro-kurdish lawyer killed in streets of southeastern turkey . " 
killed while making a press statement saturday . 
human rights lawyer killed on street 
shit's getting more and more surreal . 
what the hell is going on there ? 
do you condemn this ? what a shame 
pro-kurdish lawyer killed on street 
prominent pro-kurdish lawyer tahir elci killed in 

u.s. general : human error led to the doctors without borders strike 
u.s. general : human error led to doctors without borders strike 
human error led to msf strike , general says - 
deadly u.s. bombing of afghanistan hospital result of " human error " and technical failures , commander says 
human error led to doctors without borders strike , general says 
unreal : sounds sketchy to me ! " us general : human error led to doctors without borders strike oct 3 , 2015 " 
what a terrible tragedy ... " u.s. general : human error led to strike " 
what would happen if russia had done the bombing instead of the us ? they would be treated as criminals , isn't it ? 

rt 33 isis members killed in airstrikes in past 3 days , monitoring group says . 
rt latest developments : what we know right now 

honduras detains 5 syrians over fake passports - 
honduras detains 5 syrian men traveling with fake passports . 
honduran police said they detained 5 syrian men who traveled with fake passports . 

acting on tip , police search for suspect salah abdeslam in nw germany . 
alleged ringleader targeted financial district , prosecutor says 
unidentified suicide bomber may have attacked paris restaurants , official says . 
from the we're tracking the latest from brussels , where students are headed back to class ... 
attacks : alleged ringleader targeted financial district , plan thwarted by raid 
new suspect in paris attacks - 
more on the paris tragedy ... where is world peace ?? 🌎✌🏽 
" abdeslam could not have survived so long on the run w/o help " by & 
paris attacks : financial district may have been a target - 
paris ' ringleader ' targeted financial district 
paris attacks : possible suicide vest being analyzed - via 
at least they stopped a few potential attacks ... i wish there was a way for peace . these poor people . 
lets see greco roman terrorist look . these skinny results of 1000yrs of inbreeding and alcoholism just dont cut it 
rt acting on tip , search for in htt … 

trump's gop rivals get ' equal time ' on 
nbc to give 4 gop candidates free ad time to compensate for time given to trump on ‘ snl . ’ 
trump trump's gop rivals get ' equal time ' 
result of donald on : trump's gop rivals get ' equal time ' ( free advertising time ) on nbc 
nbc will give john kasich , mike huckabee , james gilmore and lindsey graham ' equal time ' advertising next week . 
live from new york it's equal time ! 
nbc to give 4 gop candidates free ad time to compensate for time given to trump on ' snl . ' 
donald trump's gop rivals granted ' equal time ' on nbc 
rt kasich , huckabee , graham & gilmore each get 12 minutes of cumulative nbc ad time in ia , nh , sc over fri & sat nights https : … 

rt house speaker paul ryan calls for a " pause " in syrian refugee program 

rt u.n. chief will not go to north korea next week , contrary to earlier reports . 

turkish president ' saddened ' by russian plane's downing 
" turkish president ' saddened ' by downing of russian plane but doesn't apologize " 
turkish president says he's " saddened " by downing of russian warplane , stops short of apologizing . 
turkish president sad but not sorry about russian plane 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( turkish president says he's " saddened " by downing of russian warplane ,... 
turkish president falls short of offering apology to moscow 
turkish president says he's " saddened " by downing of russian warplane , stops short of apologizing . via 
erdogan ' saddened ' by downing 
' saddened ' by downing of .. sobs uncontrollably & going into a deep depression 

rt rugby legend jonah lomu has died . the former new zealand player was 40 . 

rt russia setting up defenses near turkey 
rescued russian co-pilot says " there were no warnings " before turkey shot down warplane . 
rt russia will deploy surface-to-air missiles to syria . 
turkey's downing of russian warplane looks " like a planned provocation , " russian foreign minister says . 
rt how to pick a fight and watch people die for no real reason , by russia 
rt erdogan : downed russian plane violated turkish sovereignty ; russia : to deploy s-400 defense missile systems to https … 
time for turkey to apologize and stop sponsoring terror . 
tensions rise as russia says it's deploying anti-aircraft missiles to syria 
rt russian defense ministry : second pilot from downed jet back safe at airbase . 
rt russia gives anti-aircraft missiles to syria's assad , placing sites for 155-mile-range missiles 30 miles from turkey https … 
middleeast tensions mount . putin can retaliate anytime … 
rt russian planes operating in syria are roughly 1/5th of us planes there and fewer than french ones … 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( rescued russian co-pilot says " there were no warnings " before turkey shot ... 
rt tensions rise anyway russia had nothing to do at turkey's border . they're supposed 2 bomb … 
rt russia warns of ' serious consequences ' after turkey downs warplane : istanbul ( cnn)the conflict in syria , a yea ... https :/ … 
rt breaking : russian co-pilot : " no warning before turkey shot plane down " 
russia putting anti-aircraft missiles in syria ... 
turkish president erdogan slams russia's actions - via 
russia putting missiles near turkey 

top story : cnngo see more 
story of the day : cnngo see more 
rt ewrmadrid top story : ewrmadrid practice cnngo see more 
top story : practice cnngo see more 
making a last-minute statement on national security right now - 
top story de - cnngo see more 
with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
rt with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
top story : with raymond cnngo see more 
top story : info & news cnngo see more 

rt house speaker paul ryan calls for a " pause " in syrian refugee program 

rt pray for families & loved ones of the 4 crew members who died in a helicopter crash at fort hood yesterday . ht … 
4 killed in yesterday's crash of a u.s. army helicopter during a training mission in texas , fort hood says . 
4 dead in u.s. army helicopter crash at fort hood 
fort hood helicopter crash leaves 4 dead - 
rt 4 families are going to get a call none of us want 🇺🇸😞🙏🏻 4 dead in us army helicopter crash at fort hood … 
4 dead in army copter crash 


rt protester at rally says he was called " monkey " & n-word : https://… 
rt . on protester : " maybe he should have been roughed up " … 
trump on protester : ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' - 
black lives matter protester describes violent confrontation at trump event 
trump has reached a new level of disgusting . 
rt black lives matter protester describes confrontation at trump rally in birmingham : 
donald trump : my fans were right to beat up black protester 
rt trump : ' maybe he should have been roughed up'/ a candidate 4 prez shouldn't incite & condone violence of americans … 
gop front runner - no solutions - but to rough up anyone he's racist against ...... i told ya'll for over 8 years ... 
shit's not even funny anymore ... i still thought we'd decided the dude was a joke . 
is a disgusting ignorant racist idiot !!! 
mr. trump - you are running to represent all americans . trump : ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' 
just had a lovely convo with a facebook " friend " who feels race didn't have much to do with this situation . 
hmmm , i guess 
up until now i've largely refrained from making any comments or statements about trump as i didn't want to ... 
in case you don't know what i'm referring to , here's what happened . 
this is what you're supporting when you support trump . no longer a joke . racism . violence . mob mentality . 
this got overlooked in the media , but at his alabama rally the donald declared , " this christmas season -- all ... 
watch the footage . think for yourself . don't vote for the next hitler . 
watch the footage . think for yourself . don't vote for donald trump . 
go away , trump . please . 
so , apparently trump thinks that people of color who dare to speak out against with should be " roughed up " : 
are people real going to vote for this clown ? smfh !!! 
this is what campaign represents more than anything else . he's the champion of a-holes everywhere 
trump : maybe protester deserved it 

7 dead after helicopter crashes in kashmir on way back from hindu shrine 
kashmir helicopter crash kills 7 
kashmir helicopter crash kills 7 - smh 😔 
7 dead in helicopter crash 

americans who say racism is a big problem 2011 28% 2015 49% 
is racism on the rise ? 
racism is a ' big problem ' to more americans , poll finds - 
racism is still a big problem in our society today . 
is on the rise ? more in say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 
is racism on the rise ? more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll findings ! 
rt new threat is ' racism without racists ' according to | 
rt 49% of americans says is a " big problem " in our society . we need more and acceptance of ... … 
is racism on the rise ? more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 
racism on the rise ; many in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn poll finds 
rt 49% of americans say racism is a “ big problem , ” according to new cnn/kaiser family foundation poll . … 

three killed , 20 hurt in mortar attack on u.n. mission in mali 
mortar attack on u.n. base in mali killed three people and injured 20 others , a u.n. spokesman says . 
where are these weapons and ammo coming from ? 
another u.n. mission comes under attack . peacekeepers among 3 killed in a mortar attack in mali 
three killed in attack on u.n. mission in mali 
some testing news 
the deaths were the result of a mortar attack on the u.s. base -- 
u.n. mission in mali attacked , 3 killed - 

get a grip , people ! 
rt a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in recent months . 
isis books & gifts in denver is vandalized - 
here's your weekend edition of " things bigoted , ignorant idiots do " 
low-iq squad vandalized " isis " bookstore--can't read/comprehend societal basics themselves 
wrong isis : bookstore vandalized 
denver store named isis is vandalized . . . as a stupid hateful fuck believes terrorists have their own bookstore . . 
denver bookstore named isis is vandalized 
either she's really dumb or a terrible business-woman ... or both . solution : change the name of your store . 
ok folks there are 270 business/product with isis name attached they are not affiliated with the terrorist ... 
how ignorant can you be ? 
rt isis books & gifts , a local new age store , vandalized . it's named after the ancient egyptian goddess isis , folks ! … 
more than 270 businesses and products have isis in their trademarks 
what happens when your trademark is adopted by a terrorist organization ? via 
please start calling --> 
bookstore in denver vandalized because of its name . 
denver's isis bookstore vandalized 
please tell me the ' people ' who did this have voluntarily locked the door behind them to our gene pool . 
book store in targeted 

rt second air france flight from u.s. to paris diverted . 
rt faa : air france flight headed from la to paris diverted due to security incident . 
2 air france flights from u.s. to paris diverted because of bomb threats 

pope francis to start first day in uganda with mass for martyrs . 
heavenly father send st. michael and his angels to protect your servant to the servants of god , pope francis , and ... 
pope francis visits kenyan slum , lashes out at elite 
to start first day in with mass for martyrs . via 

powder found at brussels ' grand mosque was flour , brussels authorities say . 
brussels authorities check suspicious packages containing a white powder at the city's grand mosque . 
last time in ww these belgians were liberated by ia in less than 2 hours . they may need ia again for half day again . 
powder that alarmed at brussels mosque is flour 
rt envelopes filled with suspicious powder sent to grand mosque in brussels . -turns out to be flour . … 
powder found at brussels ' grand mosque was dust on a window sill , brussels authorities say . 
cnnbrk : " powder found at grand mosque was brussels authorities say . " 
powder scare at brussels mosque 
powder at mosque was flour 
islamophobia gone awry . daesh has belgium on its knees , accomplishing the very goal of cretin terrorists . 

rt turkey : putin making huge mistake 
turkish leader 
turkey won't apologize for downing russian jet , turkish president erdogan tells 
turkey won't apologize for downing russian warplane , erdogan says 
turkey's erdogan on downing of russian warplane : those who violated our airspace are the ones who need to apologize . 
rt and what will be next ? the chess game in syria won't be over for years ... 
rt won't apologize downing warplane , erdogan says , would down another one if it crosses it's airspace . … 
rt turkey won't apologize for downing russian warplane , erdogan says he talks big w nation suppo … 
erdogan : won't apologize for downing russian jet - 
turkey won't apologize for downing russian jet , erdogan says - 
turkish leader : we'd have to do it again 
erdogan : turkey won't apologize for downing russian jet - 
russian president says misidentification of plane impossible 
won't apologize for downing russian says : via 
no apology for downing russian jet 
turkey : putin making big mistake 
turkey-russia tensions : russia moving missiles to syria - 
the headlines concerning that airstrike are discombobulating to read on thanksgiving ... 
won't apologize for downing turkish president tells via 
turkey says shooting was justified b/c jet was ( supposedly ) in their airspace for . . . 17 seconds ! 

somali pirates seize iranian , thai ships - 
pirates seize ships 

rt explosions heard in paris suburb , site of raid hunting for suspects in paris attacks . … 

white house 
white house issues " all clear " report after fence jumper is apprehended . 
man jumps white house fence - 
to detain someone who jumped a fence on thanksgiving goes against everything we are as a nation . 
fence jumper detained 
white house fence jumper detained - maybe prezbo will reccomend a fence the same height as the one on s border ! 
there's a solution to this crap ( before one is a terrorist ) ... you jump the fence , you get shot until you stop . 
yesterday a badass wrapped himself in america and hopped the white house fence . :) 
rt why was this man detained for jumping the wh fence ? apparently it's ok at the southern border ! … 
wh fence jumper get the best jumpers 2 test this so they can learn what they need 2 do 2 protect the wh 
is jumping the fence and seeing how far you can run a new olympic sport or something ? 
. somewhere an unemployed genx copyeditor is weeping : " ... ' ran through ' her and her sister . " 
the man ran through " she & her sis " ? you're a journalist , right ? 

rt fed signals that a rate hike may be near . interest rates haven't been raised since december 2008 . 

rt french president hollande says he'll ask lawmakers to extend state of emergency by 3 months . … 

rt rip to the greatest winger the game will ever know : all black rugby legend jonah lomu dies , age 40 … 
rt rugby legend jonah lomu has died . the former new zealand player was 40 . 
jonah lomu : all black rugby great dies , age 40 

rt raid aimed to " neutralize terrorists " linked to paris attacks , french president hollande says . … 

paris prosecutor is reporting on today's raids in saint-denis . watch live : 

move if you don't like living here 
pastor's pregnant wife killed by two black men 
pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests in pregnant wife's murder 
just wondering where all the outrage is for this ..... it's only a ... 
rt police arrest man in connection with murder of pregnant pastor's wife . 
i'd be more disturbed over this then a cop shooting a criminal 
... can anyone hear amanda's scream for help & pleading for mercy ? 
where is the protest for this pregnant woman's murder ? 
two black guys arrested for the murder and rape of amanda blackburn 
uhhh no . these black lives don't matter . 
violence is everywhere 
we have a sick culture in america . arrests in death of pastors wife . they were on crime spree . don't blame poverty . 
do they have the death penalty in indiana ? suspects arrested in the murder of the pastor's wife . 
do t forget the pastors pregnant wife murdered in indianapolis . 
. so use spot-metering . 
amanda blackburn news : 
" today i am deciding to love , not hate . " 
indiana amanda blackburn killing arrest - 
pastor chooses ' love not hate ' after wife's killing 
two arrested in death of pastor's wife amanda blackburn - 
where is the outrage , protests , and signs for ? 
when the media gonna fawn over this husbands ability to forgive ? 
man arrested in pastor's wife murder case - 
- there is real evil in this world , and these soulless , disgusting monsters prove it . 
men arrested in pastor's wife killing 
" choosing to let my emotions drive my decisions is recipe for a hopeless and fruitless life . " 
cnn has them shown here . think obama will comment on this case ? don't hold your breath ... 

rt trucks full of heavily armed french soldiers in full military gear arrive at scene of saint-denis raids . 
rt 2 terrorist suspects dead in saint-denis : 1 shot by sniper , other blew herself up , french media reports . 
rt 3 suspected terrorists killed in raid in paris suburb of saint-denis , official tells cnn . 3 police officers hurt . … 
rt explosions heard in paris suburb , site of raid hunting for suspects in paris attacks . … 
2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 
rt suspected ringleader of is target of massive police operation in paris suburb , afp says . 
rt french president hollande says he'll ask lawmakers to extend state of emergency by 3 months . … 
2 killed , 8 held after raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 
rt " it was a war zone . " one resident describes the raid . reports : … 
rt 5 people arrested during police raid in saint-denis , paris prosecutor's office said . 
rt suspects have been cornered in building in paris suburb , saint-denis mayor tells cnn affiliate bfm-tv . 
rt 2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but ringleader's status still unknown 
rt raid near paris was " right on time , " police source says , adding suspects " about to move on some kind of operation . " … 
suspected ringleader abaaoud not in custody , french prosecutor says ; no id yet for two suspects killed in raid 
rt french will use dna testing to determine if paris terror attack ringleader was in apartment raided by police … 

rt charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . 

russia to suspend its visa-free system with turkey on january 1 , russian foreign minister says . 
turkish prime minister strikes conciliatory tone after downing of russian 
moscow says radar data shows ' ambush ' on warplane 
turkish pm nor nor is fighting seriously . 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( russia to suspend its visa-free system with turkey on january 1 , russian ... 
rt what does the downing of russia's jet mean for turkey ? reports : 
is a liar , a proven liar as a matter of fact . 
kremlin said friday that turkish president recep tayyip erdogan had requested a meeting with russian counterpart vla … 
rt russia to suspend visa-free system with says . turks will miss out on siberian winter vacations ! 😱 http … 
strikes conciliatory tone after downing of russian jet if this is conciliatory , what is punch in the nose ? 
rt turkish prime minister strikes conciliatory tone after downing of via 

rt charlie sheen to " today " : i've paid millions to people who extorted me over hiv diagnosis . … 

rt " jihadi john " associate arrested while on the way to deliver terror attack orders . 

7 afghan children killed after playing with rocket 
police : rocket tip explodes while afghan children play with it , kills 7 . 
police : 7 afghan children killed playing with rocket - 
, it is reasonable to believe that these kids thought they were playing with a clock . 
7 kids killed playing with rocket 
several afghani children die after playing with rocket 
seven afghan children died and two were wounded after playing with an old rocket tip . 
7 children killed after playing with rocket 
small afghan children killed playing with weapons of war & terror 
who the hell just lets kids throw a rocket tip around like a ball . 
police : 7 afghan kids killed playing with rocket so sad when children are the casualties of war . 

people can't safely protest outside a precinct ?! 3 in custody after shooting near jamar clark protest in minneapolis 
rt 5 people shot near protest site in minneapolis 
3 in custody after shooting near jamar clark protest site - 
second man arrested in connection with shootings near minneapolis protest site . 
5 people shot near jamar clark protest site - 
rt last night , 5 protestors were shot in minneapolis . 
rt 5 shot near jamar clark protest 
minneapolis police arrest a man in connection with shootings near monday's protests . 
3 in custody after shooting near protest site in 
man arrested in shooting near jamar clark protest site 
3in custody 
so how will we protect innocent americans from savage white males ? 
rt two arrests ( so far ) of suspects in last night's shootings : 
2 arrested in shooting near jamar clark protest ... 
updated 23 minutes ago - no mention of release of the hispanic . still looking for others . 
2 held in shooting at police protest 
no words .... 

rt yakuza boss of japan's largest gang syndicate found bludgeoned to death . 
japanese gang boss found beaten to death 
did kazuma do this ? 

isis claims bomb attack on tunisian presidential guard 
isis claims bomb attack on tunisian presidential guard that killed 12 these animals ar eveywhere ! wake up ! 
rt isis claims responsibility for yesterday's bus explosion that killed 15 in tunisia . 
isis claims responsibility for bus explosion in tunisia 
rt while prepares for throws into state of emergency 
rt i left the scene after curfew announced . at least 11 killed in bus blast carrying presidential guard http … 
rt bus explosion that killed 15 in tunisia - isis claims responsibility 
rt claims responsibility for yesterday's bus explosion that killed 15 in 
15 dead in blast on bus carrying tunisia guard members - via 

planned parenthood shooting suspect identified as robert lewis dear , 59 , a law enforcement official tells cnn . 
colorado planned parenthood shooting : 3 dead , suspect captured 
why is nobody raging about christian american terrorists ? 
shooting : 3 dead , suspect captured . video : 
just want to point out that this guy isn't muslim , middle eastern , syrian or a refugee . 
rt you're up : at least 3 officers were injured in the in colorado springs … 
rt trump & congress hysterical over refugees , but america's biggest threat still is americans shooting each other … 
rt the nature of terrorism in the us 3 dead , suspect captured … 
rt a law enforcement official confirms colorado springs attack suspect is robert lewis dear . … 
police : shootout with gunman at planned parenthood - 
rt shootout with gunman at planned parenthood - on the plus side , the shooter probably isn't a syrian refugee . … 
rt rightwing terrorist kills 3 at planned parenthood , including armed police officer . yes , armed person killed . … 
rt this is the real face of terrorism in the us . suspect captured , 3 killed 
colorado planned parenthood shooting : suspect captured - 
rt as if a man would launch an assault around planned parenthood for another reason … 
another terrible tragedy perpetrated by whack-job , domestic terrorist . 
colorado planned parenthood shooting : 3 killed - 
rt look what the & have gone and done now : ... 
rt at least 3 officers reportedly injured in an active shooter situation in 
rt suspect captured in shootings at planned parenthood 
rt garrett swasey , the 44-yr-old officer murdered in colorado springs was an elder in his church . cnn 
planned parenthood shooting suspect identified as robert lewis dear , 59 law enforcement official tells cnn . 
this is not terrorism this is our culture ! of course another case of non-radical christian white american ... 
rt police report ' active shooter ' near planned parenthood in colorado springs 
rt once again , we run towards while others run away . 
colorado planned parenthood shooting 11/27 : 3 killed 

obama's son : black student slashes throat and rapes white female teacher 
of course cnn won't show a picture of the teen who murdered and raped a white teacher ... he's black 
videos show accused student following teacher before she is killed 
rt boy accused of raping , killing teacher was seen on video following her moments before slaying . 
videos show student following teacher before she is killed 
student seen following teacher before she was killed 

rt cia director john brennan says u.s. should welcome refugees , but he's evaluating how to strengthen screening . … 
cia chief wants to strengthen refugee screening 

rt rt a chicago police officer has been charged with murder in the shooting death of laquan mcdonald . … 
chicago protesters march as police release video - - 
chicago police officer charged with murder - 
watch the short " when can police shoot ? " video 
rt a chicago police officer has been charged with 1st-degree murder in the 2014 shooting death of laquan mcdonald . … 
rt chicago releasing video of fatal shooting of black teen 
rt chicago officer who shot laquan mcdonald charged with murder 
rt chicago police officer who shot charged with murder 
we have something worse then sex to deal with in this country 
if they are not murdered on the street like an animal . first 
rt dashcam video of teen's shooting death released 
the face of evil ! chicago protesters march as release video of officer shooting teen . 
besides the fact he did not appear to approach or be near any officer , laquan mcdonald was down after 2 seconds ,... 
sooooooo ... i've heard so many things ... 

rt deaths from global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , according to a new report . … 


authorities carry out raids in belgium leading to the arrests of 16 people . " 
brussels remains under highest terror alert amid warning of ' imminent threat ' 
multiple raids in brussels as police seek isis terrorists 
16 arrested in anti-terror raids 
belgian police arrest 16 , but isis ringleader still on the run 

arrest made in shooting death of 9-year-old tyshawn lee - 
man charged with murder in ' assassination ' of tyshawn lee , 9 
arrest in gang killing of 9-year-old 
rt arrest made in connection with chicago shooting death of 9-year-old tyshawn lee . 
arrest in gang killing of 9-year-old . praying for tyshawn's family . 
rt chicago police : 3 suspected in 9-year-old tyshawn lee's killing ; 2 in custody , 1 sought . … 
man charged w murder in ' assassination ' of tyshawn lee , 9 real men don't shot children . + , assassinate = murder 
against backed candidates if you care more for saving a life than taken a life . 
when will it stop ! 
when will inocent ? just curious why its always criminals who get to be the martyrs for groups ... 
i hope you burn in hell 3 :) ' s for this 
man charged with murder of tyshawn lee . hope mccarthy can ' destroy ' this madness ! 
rt it would be great if we could also focus on how we got to the point where adults settle " beefs " by killing 9 yr olds ht … 
arrest in killing of tyshawn lee where is black lives matter for this one 
our children need our protection by any means necessary ! 
too bad not all to all black people ... killing a 9yr old over " his family's " affiliation ... death ... 
disgusting big gang bangers , pathetic morons , poor child never had a chance to live or love . rot in hell 
thank god they have this peiece of trash off the street : 
stop the race baiting with comparisons . these 3 lived . 
bullshit these guys lived 
the guys who assisted a 9yr old lived . 
white killer lives black kid dies always huh ? and this ? 
explain how these guys are alive then . ' assassination ' of tyshawn lee , 9 
ya how come these guys lived ? assassination ' of tyshawn lee , 9 
comparing and killer . i will leave this here . his killers are alive !!! 
stoops to new low . rip 
a member of a gang has been arrested for killing a nine-year-old boy . 
rt arrest made in chicago shooting death of 9-year-old tyshawn lee 

