' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city 
hover boards illegal in new york ? police consider them " vehicles " that " can't be driven on sidewalks " . wtf😂 
| ' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city via 
' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city , and fines can be up to $50 
one wheel 
no hoverboard-like gadgets in the park ? " they're considered vehicles , and vehicles can't be driven on sidewalks . " 
i farm inside a used shipping container via 
how to get your weirdest ideas manufactured in the u.s. via 
no more ' hoverboard ' 😢 
seriously ? get the fuck outta here . 
retw bmessi13 : rt chandler_rome : so someone's going to have to break the news to ben simmons and company before ne … 
so someone's going to have to break the news to ben simmons and company before next week . 
4 holidays r now n 
retw chandler_rome : so someone's going to have to break the news to ben simmons and company before next week . 
are illegal in via 
seems hover boards are already being banned 
lmao 50 bucks ? 
any chance we could get conway to follow suit ? i see these stupid things everywhere - city roads incl 
are in new york city november 18 - cnnmoney 
check before you buy one . illegal in new york city via cnnmoney 
it's official : ' hoverboards ' are now illegal in via 
wow , government just gets worse every day : ' hoverboards ' illegal in new york city via 
really ? 😒 
rt yes . " hoverboards , " aka douchemobiles , are now illegal in nyc ! 

rt brings putin and together 
isis brings putin , obama together - 
rt comflexity … 
well heck , who is donald gonna choose for vp now ? 

rt more than half of u.s. governors say not welcome . this map breaks it down : … 

“ ... this thanksgiving americans will eat an estimated 46 million turkeys . ” for more shocking turkey day facts , visit 
we can’t get enough data . breaks down by the numbers : 

turkish military admits to shooting down russian plane 

call out 4 support who does not think america shld get $15 

rt germany-netherlands soccer match canceled ; fans at hanover stadium asked to leave , police say . 
rt stadium in germany evacuated after " serious plans for explosions , " police chief says . 
it's smart to cancel events under terrorist threat but we also must do something so we don't live in fear 

. calls troops , offers refugees welcome on thanksgiving 
obama : remember the refugees of 1620 
obama : remember the refugees of 1620 homeless 
obama calls offers welcome on 
obama calls troops , offers refugees welcome on thanksgiving 
obama on thanksgiving : calls troops , offers refugees welcome 
obama offers refugees welcome on thanksgiving i think no one was here to welcome the pilgrims . idiot . 
obama offers thksgiving yes , mr. obama . ask the native americans how well it went for them ! idiot . 
as america opens her doors in 2015 , she needs to ask : what happened to the nation that opened its doors in 1620 ? 
love " now , people should remember that no refugee can enter our borders until they undergo the highest security ... 
this marks 7 years didnt show up in a deployed location & celebrate thanksgiving w/ the troops ! 
great president 




rt french president hollande invokes eu treaty , hoping to build coalition against isis 

opinion : enough with french flag facebook logo 
wow , cnn is looking at even the lowest places for someone to write for them . | enough with the french flag logo 
enough with the french flag facebook logo 
be careful of the national identity you perpetuate by posting the french colors- 
enough with the french facebook logo 
i have to disagree with the author on this opinion piece . i have french blood , and will not ever forget this time ... 
did you really mistakenly call nyc as gotham ?? 
giving them this is props for more to come . 
rt opinion : drop that facebook logo 
enough with the flag logo 
rt retweet if yoiu agree , enough with the french flag facebook profile pics link : … 

rt the white house held a call with u.s. governors about 

rt rip to the greatest winger the game will ever know : all black rugby legend jonah lomu dies , age 40 … 
rt rugby legend jonah lomu has died . the former new zealand player was 40 . 
jonah lomu : all black rugby great dies , age 40 

rt the mother and father of football analyst doug flutie died within an hour of each other . … 



. canada to resettle 25,000 syrian refugees within three months . 
how much $$ are you spending sealing off border w/ canada now ? how about with states that accept refugees ?? 
are we now going to seal off our entire northern border ?? 
rt " we want these families arriving to be welcomed , not feared . " canada commits to resettling 25,000 refugees . 👏 … 
the most humane thing that could happen to citizens in a war torn country , is for them to get out of there and ... 
finally some good news : canada : we'll resettle 25,000 syrian refugees 
rt canada : we'll resettle 25,000 syrian refugees 
rt if canada can resettle 25,000 u.s. has no excuse not to take mere 10,000 . … 

rt new charlie hebdo defiant cover : " screw " the terrorists 

miami police hunt christmas tree thief 
christmas tree thief hunted by miami police on thanksgiving 

rt posters , ticket stubs , memories : music lovers reclaim beloved 

eric liu harps on about " white privilege , " cheering that " whiteness and americanness are at long last delinking . " 
an america that's more than white 
. " can we find a language of race that is not , literally & figuratively , so black and white ? " 
rt thank you for an excellent article an america that's more than white 
an america that's mre thn white - will conservatives go back 2 forced castration 2 reduce minority birth rates ? 
i , too sing america 
as whites & blacks continue to debate what is america , the country will slowly turn into a spanish speaking 1 
many other issues , must also gain comfort w/the prospect of a u.s. , and order . 
opinion : white privilege is ending 
but as they say in the gym , pain is just laziness leaving the body ............................. 
another racist article from cnn ... 
" white privilege . " a ridiculous notion that i've never benefitted from . stop race baiting 
rt : america is not " white " anymore . and whites don't like it ( the bigots that is ) . me being " white " don't give a … 
america is not " white " anymore . and whites don't like it ( the bigots that is ) . me being " white " don't give a shit . 
opinion : demographic revolution crowding out white privilege 
rt " a majority of babies born in u.s. are now of non-euro descent . in 25 yrs , u.s. will be majority people of color . " https : … 
a fk u white people . from the pretend media on this thnks gvng . cnn : america that's more than white 
the cockyness of the other side is growing . must awaken more and more whites to msm evil towards us . 
rt an america that’s more than white 
oh , noes ! white privilege is ending ! 
. lead op-ed about " white privilege " on day . seriously ? how about an op-ed on thanksgiving ? 
a wonderful commentary from on the browning of america and how so many whites are determined to maintain their ... 
the number of americans who say racism is a big problem has jumped significantly since 2011 . 
a discussion on changing demographics , privilege , and race in the us via 

6 dead in texas campsite attack ; suspect in custody 
“ 6 dead in texas campsite attack ; suspect in custody ” i swore this was roy 
cnn : 6 dead in texas campsite attack ; suspect in custody ( via ) 

on think of the syrian children , by 
on thanksgiving , think of the refugee children 
" on thanksgiving , think of the children " via 
retweeted unicef usa ( " on thanksgiving , think of the children " via ... 
on thanksgiving , be kind to refugees 
more than 2m of the refugees fleeing syria are children . " we have to find room at the crowded table " 
we have so much , they have nothing ! 

' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed seeks $15 million , apologies - - 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city 
u.s. ' clock boy ' seeks $15m and apology 
family of ' clock boy ' seeks $15m 
rt family of ' clock boy ' seeks $15m 
wow lol 
- he isnt a dummy - officials got played - americans don't seek to bankrupt our own home town schools over feelings . 
he had my sympathy and now my outright contempt ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million 
boy ' mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from city 
' clock boy's ' family seeks $15 million , apology 
' clock boy ' seeks $15m and apology ! " a way to get rich " ! of course the school took precautions ! what if ... 
wow . i need to do this , i could use the cash . ok , so if i build a questionable device , and scare people , i can go ... 
$15m ?! what a world we live in . get a job you bum . ' clock boy ' seeks $15 million 
' clock boy'mohamed's family seeks $15 million from texas city . judge should sanction the lawyer for being an idiot 
child ' s " reputation in the global community is permanently scarred " ? should sue his father and then cnn . 
family of ' clock boy ' seeks $15m carefully planned ! let's see if o makes the sb cave . 
cool scam , ahmed . 
rt interrupting idol talk for real talk : family , let it gooooo , your kid is practically a superstar , not … 
interrupting idol talk for real talk : family , let it gooooo , your kid is practically a superstar , not global trash 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million & apology from texas city : 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from tx city 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million . i think they meant ' cock boy ' anything for a pay day :/ 
ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city . report something suspicious and get sued ? wtf ?? 
is family entitled to this ? 
sad to know this happened to this young man , but 15 million ?? this is part of the reason america is broke 
rt " if you see something say something " can get you sued . 
texas ' clock boy ' seeks $15 million from city 
' clock boy ' it looked like a bomb , sorry . walk it off it ! it was a very understandable error 
u.s. ' clock boy ' seeking $15 million 
now that the buzz ran out , time for the money ! ahmed to sue state for $15 million . 
extortion money for radicals . 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million ridiculous . if they win money should go to muslim group 
shocker of the year . . . . never let a good money grab opportunity go to waste . 

. don't get swayed by the gop's " fear tactics and scare mongering " 
clinton : don't be swayed by gop ' fear tactics/scare mongering'-from queen of scare tactics 
clinton : don't get swayed by gop ' fear tactics and scare mongering ' 
president hillary rodham clinton " i want democrats to vote for me , but i want sensible republicans to vote for ... 
clinton : gop ' scare mongering ' 
as her former state department issued a world wide travel alert : rt : clinton : don't get swayed by gop care mongering ' 
clinton : don't get swayed by gop ' fe wtf hillary , no need . look at the world ? open your eyes ! 

putin offers $50 million reward to anyone who can lead the investigators to those responsible for the plane terror . 
putin offers $50 million reward for egypt plane bombers november 17 
putin offers $50 million reward for egypt plane bombers via $50m offered for obl , too ! hummm ? 

rt . is ending his campaign for president . " i've come to the realization that this is not my time . " … 
rt louisiana governor bobby jindal has announced that he is ending his presidential bid , saying " this is not my time " . https :/ … 
bobby jindal announces he is ending presidential campaign 
oh damn - - lol ------ gop(r)bobby jindal announces he is ending presidential campaign 
bobby jindal : trump is a narcissist and an egomaniac , send him back to reality tv ... wow !! 
jindal ends presidential campaign 


rt publishes photo of what it says is bomb that downed russian plane 

rt . calls for a pause in refugee program 

lindsey vonn : ' i still love ' tiger woods 

muslims turned to social media using the hashtag to condemn 
muslims turned to social media using the hashtag notinmyname to condemn parisattacks 

before january raid , belgian counterterrorism traced calls to cell phone in greece thought to be used by abaaoud 
moroccan inteligencia was the master behind catchin abdelhamid abaaoud , suspected ringleader of paris attack 
rt who is abdelhamid abaaoud , suspected ringleader of paris attack ? 
rt france tried to kill suspected ringleader last month … 
rt breathtakingly good reporting by here : 
abdelhamid abaaoud : who is paris attacks ' ringleader' ? - 
abaaoud who was he ? 
who was abdelhamid abaaoud ? 
rt who was abdelhamid abaaoud , suspected ringleader of paris attack ? 
inside isis plot to attack heart of europe 
january firefight linked abaaoud to isis 
inside plot to heart of 
rt " he enjoys spilling the blood of infidels " [ watch ] who is abdelhamid abaaoud . https … 
new message sent at 77tny 
new message sent at iwbog 
new message sent at oicmm 
paris ringleader ' i entered europe , syria at will ' 
abdelhamid abaaoud : who is paris ' ringleader' ? - 
. weighs in on abdelhamid abaaoud , the suspected ringleader of the attacks 
who is abdelhamid abaaoud , suspected ringleader of the paris terror attack ? : 
rt outfrontcnn : france tried to kill suspected ringleader last month 

racism on the rise ; many in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn poll finds 
is racism on the rise ? 
rt 49% of americans say racism is a “ big problem , ” according to new cnn/kaiser family foundation poll . … 
rt americans who say racism is a big problem 2011 28% 2015 49% 
racism is a ' big problem ' to more americans , poll finds - 
an insightful look at racism in usa ( canada take note too ) and its relation to demographic changes and social media 
rt poll says that roughly half of americans believe is " a big problem " today . and water is wet . … 
rt . asks " is racism on the rise ? " and then doesn't bother to ask asian americans . … 
rt poll : racism a big problem in us 
rt poll : racism a big problem in u.s. 
rt in 2011 , 28% of americans felt that racism was a big problem . now that number is 49% . 
more in us say in the us is a ' big problem , ' poll finds . interesting ., sobering stats ! 
is on the rise ? more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 
almost half of americans say that racism is a " big problem " in society today . 
racism on the rise ? more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' i live in fear of terrorist 
it's not on the rise . people are just becoming more aware of it . again . is racism on the rise ? more in u.s. say ... 
i am going to talk about race this morning ! and how i see it . starts 9:30 am . 
is on the rise ? poll shows 49% of americans think it's " a big problem " for us . 
is racism on the rise ? humm rise no its always been there social media just exposes it all now 
the same tech that enabled election , convinces the usa that is still a problem : 
1/2 : other news : the sky is blue . " is racism on the rise ? more in u.s. a ' big problem , ' cnn finds 
is racism on the rise ? more americans say it's a ' big problem ' 
rt poll : racism on the rise . more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 
poll indicates rising racism in the us : 
racism & xenophobia r indeed getting worse . i feel it in people's attitudes . let's thank the right wingers . 
rt gee . i wonder why ... // more in u.s. say racism is a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 
this is not my topic of discussion really , but here is what people say . 
they say whites having a worse outlook for themselves than before is good 
rt . story on racism in america -- why not poll asian americans ? … 

clinton : gop's ' hateful rhetoric ' on syrian refugees ' a new low ' 

some of your favorite thanksgiving recipes are possible thanks to mastodons & early humans 
cnn story for thanksgiving on our pumpkin/ squash ancient dna paper ! 
surprising shit . 💩 
use pumpkins , squash , gourds at thank the mastodons ... 
probing ancient mastodon dung , scientists discover early humans had a lot to do with saving thanksgiving dinner 
something to think about while eating that pumpkin pie ! 
gourds : thank ancestors for saving thanksgiving staple 
thanks to mastodons , we still have this 
squashed : a story of megafauna and plant domestication timed for this week's festivities : 
~ probing ancient scientists discover early saving dinner 
breeder lindsay wyatt was interviewed for this article from 
probing ancient mastodon dung , scientists discover ancientman saved vital part of thanksgiving dinner 
the modern gourd : thanks to mastodon dung and early humans for preventing its extinction 
probing ancient mastodon dung , scientists discover early humans had a lot to ... - cnn 

rt 2 air france flights from u.s. to were diverted last night because of bomb threats … 

america's new thanksgiving trend : 
have you heard of it's the trend of the season . are you getting your friend group together this yr ? 
' friendsgiving ' -- america's new thanksgiving trend - cnn 
america has a new thanksgiving trend : " friendsgiving " 
such a strange trend ! 
alone ? can't take dysfunctional family ? there's hope ! 
dear millenials : posting your home-cooked thanksgiving w/ friends on social media doesn't make it a new thing - 
will you be attending a this year ? 
the new thanksgiving trend 
are you familiar with friendsgiving ? reports on this trend : 
who's having a friendsgiving ? 
... new - cnnmoney 
rt america's new thanksgiving trend : 
this is nothing new . been doing this for years . 
-- america's new trend - 
have you heard about 

davis cup final : belgium on high alert for great britain clash 
davis cup final : belgium on high alert for gb visit 

the tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor 
this guy is inspiring . 
i wish i could vote in pa purely so i could vote for fetterman 
profile of up on via braddock's first craft gets a shoutout ! 
rt mayor john sat down with to talk about this race , and what " winds his clock . " check it out : … 
tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor via 
rt tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor via htt … 
sharing this article on again . pay attention to him for a senate seat in pa in 2016 . 
here's a good man i've never met but would like to ! another guy that makes trump look like chump ! 
tattooed pa mayor makes senate run 
if you don't know him you should . 
rt here's my profile of john fetterman — the 6'8 " tattooed mayor who's running for senate . … 
i genuinely like john fetterman , and i think he's got a real shot in a general . check him out , pa dems . 
tattooed mayor makes senate bid 
this man is running for senate , and seems interesting . 
great article about and what he's doing for 
the tattoos are not the most interesting thing about in braddock , pennsylvania . 
i am a cynic , w/ all the doubts for our current system but i read this & the cynicism turns into a smile , maybe hope 
let us know when you run , i would like to donate to your campaign . 
cnn politics profile on john fetterman , d for senate : 
in the spirit of political longshot successes : tattoos aren't the most interesting thing about this senate candidate 
the tattoos aren't the most interesting thing about - profile 
i wanted to know what tattoos have to do with him running for the senate . worth a read . 
the tattoos get attention , but story goes deeper with this pgh-area mayor running for us senate : via 
great story via for a monday morning ! 

can europe afford border controls ? 

political predictions 
political prediction market : edges ahead of 
prediction market : cruz edges ahead of trump 
the prize is within reach ..... the republican nomination for president of the united states of america ! 
political prediction market : cruz ahead of trump - 
rt prediction market : cruz edges ahead of trump … 
not that i believe anything cnn says , but this is slightly intriguing : ( cnn ) -- donald trump is still the gop ... 
political prediction market : edges ahead of trump is ted's friend in 
fox news establishment shills shared from sam wich : it's funny that the communist news network gives ted better ... 
it's funny that the communist news network gives ted better odds at being the nominee than fox news ... 

rt . your favorite big brands have big plans for ! … 
your favorite brands are launching in 
. your favorite big brands have big plans for ! by 
guess who is coming to breakfast , nigeria ? well someday soon at least ... i think i can be convinced to visit now . 
rt boom ! your favorite brands are launching in africa ! here's my story on cnnmoney 
brands launching in africa november 24 - cnnmoney 
among co's to start businesses in 
your favorite brands are launching in africa ( hint : starbucks and krispy kreme ! ) 
africa isn't homogenous . potential yet risk . financial , political & infrastructure extremes . enter with eyes open . 
us's favorite brands are launching in africa via 
your favorite brands are launching in africa via 
your favorite brands are launching in africa - cnnmoney 
" within five years we could be in five or six countries in africa ... this is the hottest new market in the world . " 
would want to watch the trend in with krispy kreme and dunkins now launching in africa - cnn 
africa is becoming an emerging market for lots of american brands to enter via 

. hits new lows 
donald trump hits new lows no real american who believes in the ideals our flag stands for can support him . 
donald trump's disturbing racial rhetoric 
rt my cnn article on trump's racist rhetoric 
this guy is just scary . the fact that people even listen to his negative racial diatribes is rediculous . for a ... 
trump will be stopped . states that allow candidates on the voting slate can deny on grounds of dangerous , racist ... 
donald trump's disturbing race war 
donald trump < go look at the art in his campaign hq slide show . wow . 
after slandering mexicans as drug dealers and rapists , and retweeting images of monkeys trying to cross the ... 
donald trump's disturbing racial rhetoric ( opinion ) - 
what's this about 
donald hits new lows 
rt donaldtrumphitsnewlows op ed is slanderous the protester didnt get beat up & trump never retw … 
donaldtrumphitsnewlows op ed is slanderous the protester didnt get beat up & trump never retweeted that image 
trump building constituency of white christians with his racial slurs ? speak against him white christians ... stand up 
if this man is elected president i am leaving the country . does he even think about what he says ? 
more lies from trump's filthy mouth . every time he opens his mouth he spews more hate and feces than anyone else ... 
you say trump has hit a new low ... but he's still in the lead . stop looking at him and look at us ! 
trump's supporters will be considered guilty by association . guilty of his disturbing racial rhetoric . 
does trump hope you have the same like the dutch : not allowed to ask a judge if a law is against constitution ? 
after this terrible piece re & his supporters -i'm wondering why rep debates would ever be on cnn😞 

belgium : end of border-free europe ' on the table ' 
end of border-free europe “ on the table , ” according to belgium’s un ambassador : 
belgian ambassador : end of border-free europe ' on the table ' 

rt “ hashtag trends in honor of french police dog who died in raid http … 
rt hashtag trends in honor of french police dog who died in raid … 

rt cnn tv : paris attack victims honored in national ceremony . 
national flags will fly from buildings in france friday in solidarity with 130 people killed in the paris attacks . 
france remembers paris terror victims after hollande beats war drums 
france remembers paris terror victims , after president beats war drums against isis 
france memorializes paris terror victims 
remembers terror victims , after# president war drums against 
france remembers paris terror victims , as its president beats war drums against isis 

ben carson : the most misunderstood candidate ? 

cnn citing turkish air force warning " this is turkish air force , change dot-dot-dot .. " 

the hyperloop : 11 things to know 
rt the hyperloop : 11 things to know 
will the hyperloop change the way we travel ? 
the 11 things to know 
hyperloop experience : traveling 700 mph : 
thought you would find this interesting ! slideshow of updated design renderings for the hyperloop . 
$20 from los angeles to san francisco and in 30 minutes . 
all renderings still lack bathrooms . i guess we'll just hope never visits it . 
11 things to know about the 


rt paris terror attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep 
some terrorist changed his mind possibly ? 
possible suicide vest found 
" possible suicide vest found in paris suburb " - 
no sign of paris suspect in belgium raids as brussels remains under high alert - cnn 
paris attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep👉 
possible suicide vest found in garbage can . 
attacks isis from aircraft carrier , launches bid to build coalition : 
french launch attacks from carrier . possible suicide vest found 
finally a cowardly terrorist ! if only more terrorists where like salah abdeslam . 
it appears france has a new foreign policy for the muddle east that copies ours : bomb arabs . i suspect their ... 
isis hit by jets from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort 
france hits isis from aircraft carrier 
isis hit from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort france grew balls . allahu akbar ... 
france attacks isis from aircraft carrier - 

escaped ' the beast ' of baltimore 
he escaped ' the beast ' of 
why i stay in baltimore 
a compelling portrait . from squeegee boy to college professor , d . watkins escaped ' the beast ' of 
great article on the inner city .... and going on to success .... enjoy 
cool article . 
great feature on on check it out here - ' the beast side ' is available now 

rt opinion : the world should do more to help turkey , lebanon and jordan take on syrian refugees … 


black twitter owned thanksgiving and now everyone wants in 
congrats to the black families of the us , cnn says you owned thanksgiving . 
black twitter inspires thanksgiving hilarity - 
is owning 
owned and now everyone wants in 
essence of " turkey " tweets or happy thanksgiving … 
black twitter -- hell , black folk are the best ♡ 
essence of " turkey tweets happy thanksgiving 
twitter , thanksgiving via 
hold up ? the black thanksgiving hashtag made it on 
social media is a large part of the check out article on trending hashtags . 
best hashtag ever 🍗 via 

texas campsite attack : 6 dead , suspect in custody 
six found dead at texas campsite - 
6 dead in campsite murder spree 
so awful . 😞 
and we're worried about refugees ? 

belgium must heal divisions , says footballer 
paris attacks : belgium must heal divisions , says vincent kompany 
belgium must heal divisions , says footballer vincentkompany 

rt house speaker paul ryan calls for a " pause " in syrian refugee program 
rt . calls for a pause on the syria refugee program via … 
paul ryan , said , take religion , out the equation . ? let's have a koch and a pause . let's be cowardly in our ... 


cynthia robinson , sly and the family stone trumpeter , dead at 71 : 
rip cynthia robinson of sly and family stone . " get up and dance to the music " 
missing you 💜 
rip sly & the family stone trumpet player/singer cynthia robinson 
just in ! 
sly and the family stone's cynthia robinson dead at 71 - 
pioneering funk-rock musician dies 
cynthia robinson of sly & the family stone has passed away . 
rip cynthia - thanks to you - we all got up and " danced to the music ! " 
[ r . i . p . ] cynthia robinson , trumpeter , dead at 71 loved her songs as a child & still do ! 
condolences rip thanks for the music ! 
cynthia robinson , sly and the family stone trumpeter , passed away 
sly & the family stone's cynthia robinson has transitioned into spirit ! we wish her well ! 

could the u.s. government shut down over refugees ? 

the inconvenient truth : there's no easy military answer to war on isis 
. w bush’s iraq/isis mess leaves obama no good options 
. w bush’s iraq/isis mess left obama with no good options 
rt . writes in his article why there is no easy military option when it comes to isis . 
i'm not sure if i'm the only one , but i find this article interesting , yet hard to read . 
inconvenient truth about war on isis 
. weighs in : there’s no easy solution to the isis problem : 

foreign policy tests ben carson 
foreign policy tests carson 
the test foreign policy credentials 
rt cnnpolitics : the test realbencarson's foreign policy credentials 
contrary to popular belief , i can actually handle whatever problems foreign policy could throw at me . i'm ready . 
carson's learn-on-the-job approach is anathema to a gop that spent 7 years lambasting obama for lack of experience 

meet china's dinosaur king 
is this the pompeii of dinosaur finds ? 
china's golden age of paleontology - 
meet the dinosaur king 

iowa poll : maintains a lead over via 
iowa poll : clinton maintains lead over sanders 
congrats hillary --> poll : clinton maintains lead over sanders 
don't understand how democrats can say is more honest than clinton but that makes him less electable 
rt clinton maintains lead over sanders in latest poll out of iowa . ( via 
rt iowa poll : clinton maintains lead but likely caucus-goers believe is best candidate for econ . … 
really ! there are people in our country that are still that stupid ? if either wins . it was stolen ... no doubt .... 
9 pts between clinton & if she was down would be asking " what can hillary do to improve ? " 

bombing terrorists feeds their ideology ( 
“ retired army lt . gen . mike flynn says the drone war is creating more terrorists than it's killing ” 
rt " i think it's futile to respond to terrorist violence with more violence in a way that creates more terrorists . " https://… 
" if we think it's irrational or immoral for arab citizens to respnd to violence w/violence , then we should stop " too 
bombing creates terrorism . we need to arrest terrorists after the fact . well , not suicide bombers . hmm . 
" terrorism is our fault " says liberalism is a mental disorder 
" you can't bomb the bad ideas out of people's heads . " 
bombing terrorists won't work 
took you how many million bombs to figure this one out ? 
rt lotta literate liberal writers out there who aren’t total cartoon characters , cnn . just sayin ’ . 
rt hey what foreign policy or counter-terrorism qualifications does sally kohn possess & why'd you run this crap ? https :/ … 
bombing terrorists makes them stronger - cnn 
" you can't bomb bad ideas out of people's heads . " 

pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests in pregnant wife's murder 
just wondering where all the outrage is for this ..... it's only a ... 
rt police arrest man in connection with murder of pregnant pastor's wife . 
i'd be more disturbed over this then a cop shooting a criminal 
... can anyone hear amanda's scream for help & pleading for mercy ? 
where is the protest for this pregnant woman's murder ? 
two black guys arrested for the murder and rape of amanda blackburn 
uhhh no . these black lives don't matter . 
violence is everywhere 
we have a sick culture in america . arrests in death of pastors wife . they were on crime spree . don't blame poverty . 
do they have the death penalty in indiana ? suspects arrested in the murder of the pastor's wife . 
do t forget the pastors pregnant wife murdered in indianapolis . 
. so use spot-metering . 
amanda blackburn news : 
" today i am deciding to love , not hate . " 
indiana amanda blackburn killing arrest - 
pastor chooses ' love not hate ' after wife's killing 
two arrested in death of pastor's wife amanda blackburn - 
where is the outrage , protests , and signs for ? 
when the media gonna fawn over this husbands ability to forgive ? 
man arrested in pastor's wife murder case - 
- there is real evil in this world , and these soulless , disgusting monsters prove it . 
men arrested in pastor's wife killing 
" choosing to let my emotions drive my decisions is recipe for a hopeless and fruitless life . " 
cnn has them shown here . think obama will comment on this case ? don't hold your breath ... 
imagine if the races were reversed pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests pregnant wife's murder 
no punishment on earth will be as bad as when these two get to hell . 

will we write earth's next chapter or its obituary ? - 
will we write earth's death sentence ? 
something to think about my friends : 
will today's leaders write earth's next chapter or its obituary ? 
opinion : how you can fix climate change . 
climate change : what you can do ( opinion ) - 

swimming with 5 giants of the ocean 
swimming with the underwater big 5 
anyone swimming with sea lions this holiday ? plan your next " swim " vacation : 
cnn - beasts of the deep : swimming with the big 5 - 
swimming with the alternative big 5 
travel news : 

was suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud killed in raid ? dna test may tell : 
dozens more like him . was suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud killed in raid ? dna test may tell : 
rt cnn : was suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud killed in raid ? dna test may tell : … 

pope francis delivers stern warning ahead of paris climate conference | 
also 
ahead of would be catastrophic , were particular interests to prevail over the common good . 
pope francis on global warming- cnn . remember , according to the gop , global warming is a liberal myth . 
pope francis urges religious unity in his first mass in africa | 
pope francis urges religious unity at mass in africa - " interest/vested groups won't change til they're affected . 
the celebrates mass at the university of nairobi . 
pope francis ' first mass in africa thronged 
urges religious unity in his first mass in africa via 
thousands braved the rain in kenya , pope francis urges religious unity 
throngs attend pope francis ' first mass in africa in rain-soaked nairobi 

obama : we are all french 
this time , france wants the war - 
. after meeting we are all french now via & 
obama : we are all french now well he certainly isn't american . 
rt . and meet : what a différence in u . s . -french relations 
no , emperor obama we are not all french now . i am an american . 
obama and hollande meet : what a difference in u . s . -french relations 
. potus after meeting fhollande : we are all french now via s … 
obama after meeting hollande : we are all french now - - 
isis can only be stopped by defeating their ideology first . 
. aftr meet ' we're all french now ' & 
" we are all french now " -- obama . presented wo comment 

technology and the fight against terrorism 
. and the fight against via 
technology & the fight vs . | by & 
fuck you , cnn , for blaming encryption for terrorism . 
how isis terrorists are ' going dark ' 
isis using telegram to avoid detection 
technology that's effecting : the power vacuum created in that general area . technology & the fight against terrorism 
watch this next time it airs : includes criticism of by james clapper . 
technology both a problem and a solution in the fight the fight isis via 
interesting article - 
today's round of equating encryption to terrorism brought to you by cnn 
people need to start thanking edward snowden for the acts of terrorists 
good ? so we are all being watched ? 
terror's tech weapons wage virtual war 
can a terrorist really go dark ? 
very sobering article on terrorism and the use of technology --> 
isis going dark ? hmm , that explains our worries about climate change via 
secure options consulting llc 
cnn blames encryption and secure communication apps called for terrorism ... 

publishes photo of what it says is bomb that downed russian plane 
isis says photo shows bomb on russian plane 
can the cans ! soda is bad for us , cans are deadly refuge for bombs , and we need to stop being sheepish about making … 
isis : picture shows bomb that downed plane 
isis : we took down jet with soda can bomb 
publishes photo of what it says is bomb that downed plane 
just in : 23 governors outlaw soda cans . 
one soda can . something to think about . 
isis publishes photo of bomb that downed plane keep talking isis ... tell us more ... your egos will defeat you . 
isis brags about how they used a soda can , detonator and a switch to bomb down russian plane 
and cue tsa in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... picture shows that downed plane 
soda can bomb may gave downed russian airplane 
says photo shows bomb that took down russian plane . 
isis says photo shows on russian plane - 
this is the reality of the world we're living in . 

trump ridicules carson over foreign policy 
rt donald trump is quick to forget his own ignorance on foreign policy . trump ridicules carson over foreign policy … 
. ridicules over foreign policy via 
trump ridicules carson's foreign policy shortcomings 

rt new campaign ad mentions 

rt alabama governor : refugees are behind u.s. attacks , threats via 


paris tourism suffers huge slump after terror attack 
paris tourism suffers huge slump after terror attack : paris is suffering a huge drop in tourism ... 
paris tourism suffers huge slump after terror attack : even before the attacks , winter holiday bo ... 
paris tourism suffers huge slump after attack - cnnmoney 


google plants ' star wars ' easter egg 
google plants via 
brilliant use of resources ! plants star wars easter egg november 24 - cnnmoney 
omfg 
december 17th cannot come fast enough “ plants easter egg november 24 ” 
a long time ago in a galaxy far far away ... 
have you seen the new google star wars easter egg ? 
google easter egg 

u.s. rocket debris found in uk 
debris from failed spacex rocket launch found in uk 
debris from spacex rocket found 4,000 miles from launch site , in uk : 
debris from spacex launch found near uk isle 
debris from failed spacex launch found 4,000 miles away off british isle 
debris from failed launch found 4,000 miles away off british isle 
debris from failed launch found in uk 
debris from spacex launch found 4,000 miles away 
it's a small world after all :-) 
excuse me awefully sorry to bother you ; would you mind picking up your rocket bits ? made a frightful mess 

rt raid near was " right on time , " police source says , suspects were " about to move on some kind of operation . " … 

to workers : shun black friday and instead enjoy blue skies -- with pay ! 
time off with pay and free parks(almost sold out ! ) on 
can turn green with 
another reason rei is awesome ! 
i've seen a couple ads for this and think it's a great idea and much needed reprieve from material madness . 
or blue skies ? 
meal have you feeling like you're in need of a work out ? for this 
rei to workers : shun black friday and instead enjoy blue skies -- with pay ! 
today , is giving its employees paid time off instead of opening for 
is delighted to support in their campaign today . 
to workers : shun black friday and instead enjoy blue skies -- with pay ! having worked in retail , this = awesome 
looking for a plan for rei's says shun black friday , enjoy blue skies 
rei's shun black friday , enjoy blue skies 
rei to workers : shun black friday , enjoy nature a good company 
store to workers : enjoy black friday off great idea ! 
rei to workers : shun black friday , enjoy blue skies - 
i'm with rei on this one ! get off the couch , stop buying crap and enjoy life !!!... 
if you are not up to a hike on friday- shop local . 
black friday is dead , long live rei <3 
we support the spirit of what rei is doing for black friday and we're glad the big box guys can afford to shut ... 
i love what is doing for 
catching a lot of steam for lots abandoning the malls for the outdoors . 
so tell me exactly where you go black friday , you headed into malls or you going to opt outside ? 
great piece by on the best way to spend the dreaded 
great concept more stores could embrace . rei to workers : shun black friday and instead enjoy blue skies 
time for feds to join ? 49 ca state parks join 
i love this idea ! is what i'll be doing on friday ! :) 
if you're opposed to black friday you can 
wtg , closing all 143 locations on & paying 12,000 employees to enjoy the outdoors . 
way to go rei ! 
- haven't heard anything - what's your take on rei & other retailers closing in black friday - 
rei seems to be engaging in some great employment practices . the flsa encourages these kinds of decisions 

an app called telegram is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' 
telegram is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' - cnnmoney 
a potential abuse or an unwanted exploit of the technology against humanity ? 
the right to protection compromised at the expense of right to privacy 

as the refugee crisis escalates , one startup wants to prove that plenty of americans care . 
rt as the refugee crisis escalates , one startup wants to prove that plenty of americans care . https … 
how to make americans care about refugees 
one is working with to prove that americans care about 
rt parijakavilanz : one is working with unrefugeeagency to prove that americans care about … 
how our project hive is " rebranding " the global refugee crises+advocacy in america . 
" the us is the largest donor of refugee relief . and the us resettles more refugees than any other country " 
one startup is out to prove that there are plenty of americans who want to help refugees 
hive , a startup funded by the united nations , is tasked with getting more americans engaged with the refugee crisis . 


authorities : 2 bomb attacks in 24 hours kill dozens , wound more than 120 others in 

rt parisians take back their cafes and bars by using this hashtag 

spider causes man to trash flat , scream death threats -- police called 
omg lmfao 
has ned flanders moved to oz ? " spider elicits domestic violence call in australia " 
giant causes man to trash flat , scream death threats -- police called 
domestic incident ? nope -- a man screaming at a " very big " spider . by 
finally !! found a news story that is 100% accurate and its from liberal cnn ! 
i had a good laugh at this but i'd probably do the same ... wonder what " rather large " actually means ? 
perfectly acceptable if you ask me >> australian police accuse man of violence . 
reports of death threats & a woman's screams .. truth turned out to be hilarious .. 
' really big ' spider causes freakout 
spiders !!! 
australian police accuse man of violence -- spider dead - 
hahahaha thats fantastic 
i swear i did not mean to cause such a big disturbance ! 
spider freaks out man - police called . i could see me in this situation . lol ! 
rt australian police accuse man of violence -- spider dead 
police called after neighbors think a man beat a woman . instead , he killed a spider : 
lol ! if you need a laugh ... read this . seriously . 
i almost died lol 
so much for australian machismo ... 
does have an australian cousin ?! 😂🕷➡️ spider causes man to trash flat , scream death threats — police called 
󾌴󾌴 hilarious ! 
meanwhile ... in australia 
who do i know that doesn't like spiders ... 
spider causes man to trash flat ( apartment ) , scream death threats -- police called 
" yeah that was me , " he said . " i really , really hate spiders . " 
rt spiders !!! 
what an insult on manhood ! shame ! 
haha . this man has to be my twin . i've been known to cause massive dollar amount damage and screaming like an ... 

trump : difficult to prove refugees are christian 
rt . difficult to prove that are christian 

mr. ( will ) smith goes to washington ? 
future candidate ? 
mr. ( will ) smith goes to washington ? via gregjkrieg 
hmm . mt will smith : there might be a future for me in politics 
will smith : i think that there might be a future out there for me in politics 
will smith is pondering a future in politics . 
will smith 2020 ?? : " as i look at the political landscape , i think that there might be a future out there for me " 🇺🇸 
coming soon : will smith for america via 

rt just in : eight detained in raids , french prosecutor says 

why matters even more after thanksgiving and christmas 
why kindness matters even more after thanksgiving 
why kindness matters even more after the holidays - 
it is in the simplest acts of kindness that we contribute toward the healing of our planet : 
" ... we have it in us , as human beings , to make every day a holy day , and every moment we interact with each other ... 
why kindness matters even more after and 

don't ' scapegoat ' syrian refugees , catholic bishops and evangelicals say 
✒don't ' scapegoat ' catholic bishops and evangelicals say 
the moral argument ! don't ' scapegoat ' bishops and say 
rt religious leaders urge the u.s. not to halt the resettlement of syrian refugees … 
rt exactly how religious groups should act . not like dipshit gops creating crusades . take note candidates . … 
don't ' scapegoat ' , say and 
rt every so often , religious leaders actually agree on something . welcoming syrian refugees is one of those things : … 
we are 20 trillion dollars in debt trying to save the world ... when are all these refugees gonna us back so we ... 
don't scapegoat syrian refugees , religious leaders say - 
rt don't ' scapegoat ' syrian refugees . bishops , urge us not to halt resettlement … 
agreed 
as pope outlaws drones , doubles security , has nuns frisked , sends message 2 peasants not to stop muslim invasion . 

rt at least 31 killed , 72 hurt in bomb blast in nigerian city of yola , local red cross official says . 
rt police : suicide bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
police : bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
what's going on in nigeria is beyond sorrowful ; no word can actually described the lamentable situation that ... 
bomb blasts in yola and kano , nigeria , - 
two bomb attacks in 24 hours -- one of them involving an 11-year-old female bomber -- killed dozens of people and ... 
let's not forget .... police : bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
rt let's be sure to lift up the as fiercely as we lift up 
bomb blast kills dozens in nigerian city of yola - 
police : suicide bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market - cnn 
why do people keep posting that these horrors are not being reported by the major news media ... 
did you know about this ? world wide 
please pray for nigeria . 
after hearing about the 1-year old suicide bomber in nigeria , maybe should worry about kids ? 
tuns of reactions were seen after the paris attack in the social media . none was seen for this 
where is the coverage of the bombings in nigerian cities that occurred this week ? they deserve help & prayers too ! 
police : bombers , one of them 11 , target market 
explosion in nigeria , one of the bombers was 11 girl . killed dozens and wounded more that 120 
police : bombers , one of them an 11 year-old girl target nigeria market 
here : and here : 
they need your prayers too . bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
don't have to worry about kids being terrorists . think again , bozo : bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
omg ... what is happening in this world . why are people doing this in the name of religion ? these are not ... 
mixed feelings on this one . what do we do when we see a child who is a terrorist 
caribbean american passport extends sympathy to the families of those injured and killed in yesterday's senseless ... 
it's terrible that someone as young as 11 can be convinced to do something this horrific 
in case julie hasn't seen this , children are now suicide bombers : 
wasn't that on the 18th ? ( that is , mali is pushing it out of the news cycle ) 
it's a sad reality that young children are involved in such awful things 

facebook's safety check activated following nigeria bombing via 
nigeria had 7,512 deaths from terrorism in 2014 , a 300% increase from 2013 . zuckerberg activated fb safety check . 
facebook's safety check activated following nigeria bombing - nov . 18 , 2015 
32000 deaths around the globe , 7512 out of nigeria alone in 2014 credits terrorism 
facebook's safety check activated following nigeria … 

must-see online film series " conflict " follows war photographers , probes the depths of politics , meaning , violence : 
" i don't believe that photojournalism is a very important job , " says photojournalist eros 
new online miniseries " conflict " explores role of photojournalists in conflict zones 
can a photograph change the world ? 
can a change the world ? one of the issues debated in online miniseries " conflict 
such an incredible series about conflict photographers . watch this ! 
can a photo change the world ? 
" the world really doesn't want to be changed . it's going to work on its own time cycle " 
talk to me . 

rt thousands of airport workers across the u.s. are going on strike tonight via … 
thousands of airport workers across the u.s. are going on strike tonight via cnnmoney 

boko haram overtakes isis as world's deadliest terror group , report says 
rt think the enemy has been " contained ? " think again . this new report says otherwise . 
deaths from global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , according to a new report . " 
rt global terrorism is on the rise , obama has no strategy to combat it : 
increased by 80% in 2014 , says report - 
political violence is driving terrorism boko haram is a isis sympathizer who must b defeated regardless of continent 
all the focus is on isis , but boko haram has become the deadliest terror group 
the world's deadliest terror group isn't isis 
overtakes as world's deadliest terror group . can we finally talk about 
should be read to understand what's the world like today . 
kills more than !!! 
boko haram overtakes isis in terror deaths 
i want to work in the field of counter terror . but i don't know if i want to work for the government . suggestions ar … 
boko haram overtakes isis in terror death . global terrorism , facts and figures(2014 ) . 
boko haram takes over the spot as deadliest terrorist organization 
this group killed more people than isis last year 
did you know this ? please read - 

vizeat : europe's ' social dining network ' meets american 
vizeat : europe's ' meets american - 
' social dining network ' meets us thanksgiving 
' social dining network ' meets american thanksgiving - 
not surprised that my friend's mom was interviewed about carribean/french her food is so good !! 

why no mention of this today ? just attacking gop again , as usual . 
obama takes harsh political rhetoric abroad 
shithead muslim takes harsh political rhetoric abroad 
. takes harsh political rhetoric against the gop abroad via 
what a scumbag 
a rhetorical isn't very presidential . should radiate positive outlook . not negative partisan politics ; 

' is this 
the parallels to wwi are striking- a complex interconnected web of alliances and subversive goals 
frida gritis . yo analogy anachronistic . there is no ww3 here . russian can hit turkey & nato wld be insane to butt in 
i believe this is a wwiii for the simple fact isis wants to turn the entire world into it's caliphate just as the ... 
' is this world war iii ? ' 
what news could possibly arrive to justify our dse's forecast for dow 5000 in the next 5 years ? 
oh boy . happy thanksgiving ? 
" a striking parallel this time is the reluctance ... the public wish to stay out , to say , " this is not our fight . "" 
it could become it without much difficulty at this point , admittedly . read : 
god bless all 
says this is wwiii , but climate still more important . lol ! 
scary times ... 
" this is what a world war looks like : strange bedfellows , conflicting agendas , alliances of convenience . and if ... 
if you don't think we're in a new war , just read this . 

2 flights from us to paris diverted because of bomb threats - cnn : 
2 air france flights diverted because of bomb threats ...... 
air france flights from us to paris diverted because of bomb threats - cnn 
2 air france flights diverted due to bomb threats - 
2 air france flights from u.s. to paris diverted - 

rt . it's difficult to prove refugees are christian 
. realdonaldtrump : it's difficult to prove refugees are christian 
remember ? 👇 " it's difficult to prove refugees are christian " 
smh ... " it's difficult to prove refugees are christian " 

deaths from global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , according to a new report . 

e . coli costco update : celery id'd in infections linked to chicken salad 
e . coli infections linked to costco chicken salad 
it has been confirmed by health investigators that a handful of new e . coli breakouts have been linked to a ... 
just for your f.y.i. 
another e . coli linked recall . why not try this easy friendly chicken salad recipe .... 
e . coli infecting the chicken salad at costco ! 
e . coli infections linked to chicken salad 
e . coli linked to costco chicken salad 
$cost down after hours & looks to continue to be bearish on e-coli scare recently $cmg went down 10% too 
e . coli linked to costco servings 
yoooooooooooo pay attention 
e . coli infections in co , mt , ut & wa linked to costco chicken salad 
make your own damn chicken salad . 
e . coli infections linked to salad 
rt benphilipson1 e . coli infections linked to salad 
chicken salad from costco linked to e . coli . but $cost didn't tank like $cmg did . chipotle bouncing back by the way . 

news : russia says bomb brought down jet in sinai , offers $50 million reward - cnn | details : 
rt russia offers $50 million reward in sinai jet crash case future of middle east … 
this does deserve to be known and out there . 

new u.s. intel bulletin provides details of paris attack plans 
there was tactical planning with the paris attacks . we need to say goodbye to the hate . 
paris attackers did reconnaissance and used some military tactics . not surprising . 
intel : paris attackers cased targets 
new us intelligence bulletin says paris attackers conducted prior surveillance of some locations attacked , showed ... 

" test foreign policy credentials " 
rt cnn : test realbencarson's foreign policy credentials 

young muslim writes defiant letter to 
trump hasn't got the guts or integrity to honestly answer this women ! 
impressive . 
young muslim writes defiant letter to donald she can write whatever she wants her religion is not peaceful 
young muslim writes defiant letter denounce your kin and keep your head and virginity and we might listen🇺🇸 
the ever changing kaleidoscope of islam .. we are over it🇺🇸 
young muslim writes defiant letter trump when the world hates you because of what your own people do suck it up 
young writes letter to about trumps outlandish and irrational policy toward muslim americans 

cnn politics sen. bernie sanders ' long-awaited speech on democratic socialism has been s … 
bernie sanders sets socialism speech date to compete with hillary clinton 
democratic socialism , soon in bernie sanders ' own words - 
. sets socialism speech date to compete with via 
sanders sets socialism speech date to compete with clinton 

rt 129 people died in these are the names of the victims we know so far : … 
rt cnn : 129 people died in these are the names of the victims we know so far : … 

rt extent of isis in syria's role in plotting paris attacks questioned - & 
rt extent of isis in syria's role in plotting questioned 
rt extent of in syria's role in plotting attacks questioned . 

dear santa : ' please catch the man who shot me ' 
dear santa : ' catch my attackers ' - - 
a 7 year old's christmas wish : dear santa , " help the police catch the people who hurt me " 

rt facebook's safety check activated following bombing in yola , nigeria : 

rt how they started , what they want . how shook the world airs tonight … 

new footage shows warplane crashing in syria 
new video of downed jet amazing 
new footage shows warplane crashing in syria - cnn video 
shows jet crashing 
cnn : russian plane violated turkey airspace 10 times ... warned ... pilot ejected . 
putin calls plane's downing by turkey ' stab in the back ' one of the world's most volatile regions was roiled ... 
rt clancyreports : cnn : russian plane violated turkey airspace 10 times ... warned ... pilot ejected . 

never mind the " glaring " invasion , blame the french . cnn , you prove again , y'all are " the mainstream problem " 
how ' glaring ' intelligence failures allowed a second bout of terror in paris 
' glaring ' france's intelligence failures 
paris terror : how french intelligence failed - 
france's ' glaring ' intelligence failures 


candidates , politicians serve up thanksgiving wishes and favorite dishes 
rt candidates , pols serve up thanksgiving wishes ( and favorite dishes ) - cnn 
rt cnnpolitics : candidates , politicians serve up thanksgiving wishes and favorite dishes … 

. taps into deep republican anger at government 
rt poll : here's how angry the gop is at government via 
rt pew : americans have never been this angry . anger is good . anger is necessary . only through anger comes change . https://… 
poll : here's how angry the gop is why should this surprise anyone with 
overwhelming majority of americans ( 72% of democrats & 89% of republicans ) don't trust da gummint 
so dems are content with status quo in/out of u.s. ? it's just republicans who recognize downward spiral for america ? 
taps into deep anger at govt . how is that new news ? unlike who might actually vote4 him😯 
a new pew poll shows how angry the gop is at government via 
will makeamericagreatagain 
leftist anti-gov't ( anti-cop ) terrorism is ongoing in us cities yet & of publish this . 
this is no longer funny . or totally hillarious . either way u guys may end up with potus trump 

welcome to black friday match haha ! via 
shoppers descend on black friday deals 
shoppers descend on deals : 
the best black friday brawls of 2015 ----> 
so who covered themselves in pigs blood so they could slip through the queue's during ? 
black friday is basically the purge right ? 
shoppers fighting on black friday in the us 
rt shoppers descend on deals : 
black friday shoppers spent how much ?? wow , 
nothing material is more important than our integrity , connection , and love . when we lose sight of that , we have ... 
black friday - g g mate 
cnn : shoppers descend on deals . cnn has the . via 
ugh i hate black friday .. you people are insane .... black friday madness turns violent via 
be safe everyone ! " madness turns violent " via 
good job shoppers . you've managed to outdo yourselves this year again and set a whole new low : 
amazing black friday ! 
" where your treasure is , there will your heart also be . " - jesus 
americans don't need terrorists to destroy them . they're doing a fine job at it themselves . 
happy black friday everyone ! fine ... and late thanksgiving too :) stay safe out there 
let the holiday bargain hunting begin 
shoppers descend on via 

rt . slams gop for suggesting that refugees coming from syria pose a security threat … 

back to the bistro ! paris restaurants try to bounce back november 17 - cnnmoney 

obama's national security message - 
obama : no ' specific and credible threat ' to u.s. 
. no " specific and credible threat " to u.s. ahead of thanksgiving via 
nothing like reassurance from the top . 
tell the turkeys that ! 

rt chicago police : 3 suspected in 9-year-old tyshawn lee's killing ; 2 in custody , 1 sought . … 
man charged with murder in ' assassination ' of tyshawn lee , 9 : 
rt arrest made in connection with chicago shooting death of 9-year-old tyshawn lee . 
arrest made in shooting death of 9-year-old tyshawn lee - - 
arrest made in shooting death of 9-year-old tyshawn lee child killers makes case 4 public executiion 
chicago is protesting a cop shooting . where are the protests against the gangs for this ? 
i hope the charges stick . who executes a 9 yr old ?!?! hope they arrest all 3 . 
it's until it's black on black crime and then our community goes quiet ? how pitiful 
arrest in gang killing of 9-year-old 
man charged with murder in ' assassination ' of 9 . thank god ! 
9-year-old killed by gang member 
9 year old tyshawn lee was targeted and killed in an alleyway by gang members . 
rt someone call me when people decide to march down mich ave against this : 
there is no black on black crime ; slaver on the helpless ind chicago di-vest cnn isis cops immediately 
superintendent garry mccarthy vows to obliterate the criminal group responsible for the murder of 9 year old boy . 
maybe they should protest this ... 
where are the protestors for this child ? 
rt arrest made in chicago shooting death of 9-year-old 
man charged with murder in chicago ' assassination ' of tyshawn lee , 9 
top stories on cnn 
is your gang " gangsta " when a 9 year old is killed ? man charged w/murder in chicago ' assassination ' of tyshawn lee 
chicago police superintendent : suspect charged with first-degree murder in case 

donald trump suggests obama is a " secret muslim " 
rt donald trump suggests obama is a " secret muslim " 
rt amid controversies , boasts that he would be a " unifier " via … 
amid controversies , trump boasts he would be ' unifier ' 
i'm afraid trump wouldn't be any bit more a unifier , than our current potus . trump boasts he would be ' unifier ' cnn 
trump is now asking people to inform on their neighbors . 
trump urges rally attendees to call the cops on their neighbors if they see something suspicious 
pmarca : rt maggienyt : trump urges rally attendees to call the cops on their neighbors if they see something suspic … 
" people move into a house a block down the road , you know who's going in . you can see and you report them ... " -trump 
those trump quotes are from a speech today in south carolina . also repeated the muslims celebrating 9/11 story . 
finally , a partial trump truth . he will will unify - by viciously suppressing dissent . 
this just in : a middle aged , white , male member of the 1% thinks he can unify the country 
" when fascism comes to america , it will be wrapped in the flag and carrying a cross . " 

tracing my grandfather's journey into hell 
tracing my british grandfather's journey into hell as of 


pope faces challenge in uganda , where gays under attack - 
pope faces challenge in uganda , where gays are under attack 
" i don't believe in lukewarm . " pope in where gays are under attack 
pope visits uganda as gays are under attack 

2016 candidates buy in on and cyber monday to fundraise via 
presidential candidates are looking to take advantage of the mentality , by | 
isn’t just about tvs — 2016 candidates are looking to cash in , too : 
isn’t just for stores — 2016 candidates are looking to cash in , too : 
2016 candidates get in on cyber monday to fundraise 
2016 candidates buy in on cyber monday to fundraise 
most candidates have opted for black friday instead 

rt muslim us congressman should organize muslims to fight isis rather than pr that american muslims are patriotic : … 
keith ellison : community to ' assert muslim-americanness ' 
i don't know keith ellison , but i like him . 
ketih ellison : ' muslim-americanness ' makes me patriotic - - 
" this is not who we are as a nation " 
muslim congressman : this isn't who we are 
stop muslims . we don't have to accept them . and i have yet to see even one show patriotism . where is the outrage ?! 
... why aren't your fellow doing anything about this ? keith ellison ( d ) on 
. the community needs to " assert muslim-americanness " via 
rt cnnpolitics : . keithellison : the community needs to " assert muslim-americanness " via ta … 
congressman ellison speaks up about being a muslim american and love of freedoms .... 
that anyone , much less a member of u.s. congress , is ever put in this position is not cool . not cool at all . 
what sensibility and really look like ... 

. says her use of the term " illegal immigrant " was a " poor choice of words " 
rt ❗️clinton apologizes for saying illegal immigrant corrupt liar has no regrets for setting up steven … 
bythelake2 : rt suthen_boy : ❗️clinton apologizes for saying illegal immigrant corrupt liar has no regrets for setti … 
has fought hard for by denying drivers licenses , calling us immigrants ... 
glad to see her say that : too often it's a term that is used to end a conversation 
" hillary ' sorry ' for saying ' illegal immigrant ' ... " 
clinton says her use of term ' illegal immigrant ' was a ' poor choice of words ' - 
rt " entering the country illegally has nothing whatsoever to do with being an illegal immigrant . " -- hillary clinton (?) https :/ … 
rt dear is there a reason why campaign is not mentioned in ur story ? : https :/ … 
rt fyi , , through aired a project of … 
illegal immigrants ? no --" uninvited guests " 
rt pander to the illegal alliens that have no rights in ameriac but steal from those that do simply by being here . … 
rt says her use of term ' illegal immigrant ' was a ' poor choice of words . https : … 
clinton use of term aliens ' was a ' poor choice of words ' here are some more : illegal aliens , wetbacks .. 
rt the democratic party allows language to be controlled by foreigners who break our laws : 
' a poor choice of words ' , & also the way hillary clinton really thinks : clintons always threw others under the bus 
clinton apologizes for saying ' illegal immigrant ' . are undocumented immigrants legal or illegal ??? 

cnnnextstory : rt cnn : police officers have pinned down suspects in a suburb of latest developments : … 
rt police officers have pinned down suspects in a suburb of latest developments : … 

rt goes viral in honor of the french police dog who died in the raid … 

cheers ! ad nods to his bartender father via 
cheers ! marco rubio ad nods to bartender father 
cheers ! marcorubio ad nods to his bartender father via talk … 
really do not appreciate so much the almost rehearsed-nature of telling family stories that serve as inspiration . 
cheers ! rubio ad nods to bartender father - cnn 
. nods to his bartender father in latest ad via 
rubio spotlights bartender father in new biographical spot to air in early states : 


rt the husband of victim tells you can't make me hate 

africa's child brides expected to double by 2050 
are there not enough legal adult age females in africa ? men are generally loathsome . i am a man . my remark is honest 
" he says the practice feeds into a cycle of poverty that could be broken by focusing on girls ' rights and education " 
africa's child brides expected to rise to 310m by 2050 
why educating young women is so important . 
africa's child brides expected to top 310m 
this practice feeds into a cycle of poverty that could be broken by focusing on girls ' rights and education . 

3 in custody after shooting near jamar clark protest site - 
second man arrested in connection with shootings near minneapolis protest site . 
5 people shot near jamar clark protest site - 
rt last night , 5 protestors were shot in minneapolis . 
rt 5 shot near jamar clark protest 
minneapolis police arrest a man in connection with shootings near monday's protests . 
3 in custody after shooting near protest site in 
man arrested in shooting near jamar clark protest site 
3in custody 
so how will we protect innocent americans from savage white males ? 
rt two arrests ( so far ) of suspects in last night's shootings : 
2 arrested in shooting near jamar clark protest ... 
updated 23 minutes ago - no mention of release of the hispanic . still looking for others . 
2 held in shooting at police protest 
no words .... 

oil crash sparks opec revolt 
this is why gas prices are currently low . 
saudi's have gone mad . i swear . they're ready to cut their own nose to spite the face . all the shale producers ... 
icymi : the revolt inside of opec and how it got so divided . by 
rt icymi : the revolt inside of opec and how it got so divided . by … 
this analysis of what's happening among oil producers has all the ingredients of a fantastic epic fantasy novel . 
there's growing anger at saudi arabia for keeping oil prices low . opec's next mtg is dec 4 . via 
but i thought we could not drill our way to cheaper gas , right , president smartest man alive ?... 
rt lingering crash sparks revolt against … 
who struggles with a strong dollar ? via 
opec squabbles could bring oil prices even lower . shortfinancial.ca 
" opec has never been more divided , " said fadel gheit , an oppenheimer analyst via 
this is why your gas was so cheap today , and why clean energy will become less of a priority without legislation 
the chickens have come come to roost 
build the pipeline , drill oil wherever , just make us independent from middle east oil 
once again , us has asserted itself on the global economy . now for the crippling blow of leading 
president obama is bringing opec to its knees . 
imf : things are about to get worse for the middle east via 
good writeup on intra-opec squabbles 


jared fogle's wife divorces him 
jared fogle's wife has divorced him 
rt jared fogle's wife divorces him 
wife has divorced him video 
fucking late , don't you think ? 
jesus , youngest paid a girl was 6yo , watch this video wow , listen to the video . sickening 
i'm trying to find out what was the bad news . 
wife has divorced him so , now that has happened ... 
so disgusting . 
gee i wonder why she asked for divorce 
prison , humiliation and now divorce for former sandwich pitchman , fogle -chris- ... 
that had a wife ?!? some people are so stupid ! 
when people hit their rock bottom , they often cannot understand the impact of their own consequences upon their ... 

in iowa , little breathing room for gop bottom-dwellers 
the view from iowa : only the four frontrunners can actually win . the folks working pizza ranch circuit ? got no shot . 
also new : our state of the race from iowa , where it's the national phenomena , not the iowa workhorses , who can win . 
in iowa , there is little breathing room for some of the gop field via 
harlan , iowa ( cnn ) - 10 weeks to go until the gop race here is barreling toward a four-way jumble ... 

rt second air france flight from u.s. to paris diverted . 
rt faa : air france flight headed from la to paris diverted due to security incident . 
2 air france flights from u.s. to paris diverted because of bomb threats 

rt . may have aired from nyc monday night , but its heart was in paris 

" opinion : bombing terrorists makes them stronger via " 

somali pirates seize iranian , thai ships - 
pirates seize ships 

personal sensors : the first genuine must-have accessory ? 
the first genuine must-have accessory ? i might buy one . 
make sure you don't pollute your body with airborne hazards . has you informed ! 
personal sensors : pollution reader could save lives 
the atmotube is a small sensor that analyzes measures the amount of air pollution around you . 
this is the best , worst idea ever ? beth ( and our newphew ) would love to know if their air is good- and hate to know 

u.s. attorney general loretta lynch : no data to support ' ferguson effect ' 
outrage ! another officer assassinated last nite but u.s. ag loretta lynch : no data to support ' ferguson effect ' 

black religious leaders criticize the group reportedly backing 
black religious leaders criticize trump group 
who can touch who god annoints ? not even black religious leaders who criticize trump group can 
african american religious leaders are criticizing the 100 black pastors endorsing trump 

video shows nyc footage ; nypd says " no current or specific threat to the city " 

there's nothing too shameful for trump , is there ? he * saw * people jump from windows on 9/11 from 4 miles away 
trump : ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 
trump : ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 trump says he has the worlds best memory but can't remember ? 
trump mocks a reporter with disability . 
rt . claimed monday he watched people jump out of twin towers on 9/11 from his apartment 4 miles away : https://… 
rt donald trump claims ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 
very bad taste , trump . some of these were my friends : ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 
" i see jumpers from my house , katie " 
rt donald trump lol 
now this is silly : questioning whether actually saw people jump from wtc during 9-11 
imperfect 9/11 truth is still 100% true ! 
will every supporter who called out hillary and brian williams be outraged at this story ? probably not . 
" dr. carson does not stand behind the statement attributed to him . " no , not just attributed . he fucking said it . 
trump can't help himself from lying : ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 
donald trump imagines he saw still more things that he couldn't possibly have ever seen ... 
you can't lie about this sort of thing . so disrespectful 
lying about a tragedy to get sympathy support , i'm baffled he has a following at all 
' either another fib or he has best eyesight in world . 
is never going to stop lying to the american people about trump : ' many people jumped and i witnessed on 9/11 
the known fascist is now seeing and hearing things that doesn't exist . 
trump doubles down on 9/11 claims 
doubles down on 9/11 comments 

chicago has declared war on the gangster disciples & black p stone gangs after the execution of a 9yo child : 
lots of outrage when his " thot " mama bought a car . where's the outrage for this lil boy's killers ? 
assination ???? 
arrest made in chicago shooting deat ... | 
arrest made in shooting death of 9-year-old tyshawn lee 
this is what happens during prohibition today . legalize all drugs . black lives matter . wake up :-( 
yeah , get back to me when this black life matters your hypocrisy is astounding . 
and zero protests about this murder . 
does this black life matter to the leftist protesters ? doesn't fit their agenda , so i guess not . 
why aren't you tweeting your outrage about this ? 
i would love to have a little boy like this in my family . i cannot stop seeing his face .. his eyes .. his smile .... 
it takes a special kind of ignorant , evil , pos to lure a 9year old child , and shoot him the face and back . i am ... 
arrest made in chicago shooting death of 9-year-old tyshawn lee - cnn 
not this one . color doesnt matter do not matter . , nope . 
no attention for these lives , you lose all credibility . not that you ever had any 
was barack obama ' deeply disturbed ' by this case ? no comments ? arrest made in shooting death of 9-year-old 
arrest in murder of 9-year-old boy " gang-related . " who put up million-dollar bail for killer 
rest in peace tyshawn lee . may god avenge the senseless murder of this little man . now , where is the outrage ,... 

✌🏼️ plz update your article here w/the correct info . vehicle emissions don't even come close . 
will many cities around the world soon be car-free ? 
are cars in cities becoming a thing of the past ? 
very interesting concept i think it could make a lot of sense . 
are cars in cities a thing of the past ? 
oslo pledges to become a ' car-free ' city by 2019 . love this ! 
are city dwellers finally ditching their cars ? 
pretty fascinating . oslo going car-free . wouldn't surprise me if that trend caught on in europe 
i would love to be able to be 

behold the ' piecaken ' 
piecaken is the new holiday food mashup 
why not both ? 
piecaken ?! sorry i'll skip it 
top off your turk ducked feast with a slice of piecaken . 
yumm 

rt an app called is the " hot new thing among jihadists " 

let premier financial services assist you with your collection ! 
the blockbuster collectible cars set to break auction records 
i thought of bidding on the ferrari but it didn't have enough cup holders 
this december : the cars set to smash auction records 
the collectible cars set to break records 
$32m ferrari set to smash records 
rarest of rare sports promise to break bank . this one's estimated at $28m : 
oh my 
would you pay $32m for a 1956 ferrari ? tip : racing legend and five-time world champion juan manuel fangio drove it . 
the 32 million dollar motor car 

new hampshire's ballot commission allows to run as democrat 
new hampshire ballot commission allows sanders to run as democrat 
sanders , trump ( and basically everyone else ) pass sniff test for nh ballot access . 

first same-sex wedding in ireland - cnn 
it's great other places are being accepting such as ireland who has their first same sex marriage 
rt first same-sex wedding in ireland 

sate department issues world-wide alert . 
ignoring god that's why ... 
worldwide travel alert ... 
u.s. issues worldwide travel alert 
flying tomorrow ! wishing safe travels to all . rt state department issues worldwide alert 
state department issues worldwide alert via 
rt is so lame and weak . tells us that is contained , then our own state department issues this warning … 
rt gg wildcard daily headline : cnn " usa issues worldwide travel alert " 
rt . " ... avoid large crowds or crowded places " over the holidays . will your family be changing any plans ? https … 
i'm not worried about isis killing me or hurting my children . i'm worried about this home grown terrorism right ... 
from ruining global travel for all . state dept . issues worldwide travel alert 
state dept travel alert is more about govt expression of power than keeping us safe 
be safe ! 
probably safe to say they have solid reasons for doing this . keep your heads on a swivel travelers . 
travels alerts to who is travelling during the holiday season . 
well this is fun considering im going to paris and england in january 
more info 


white house issues veto threat over refugee bill - 
gill leaders are supposed to do what's right , not what's popular . once slavery was popular too ! issues veto threat 
the issues a veto threat over the bill via 
obama says he'll veto gop refugee bill 
no interest in our security at all 
wh issues veto threat over refugee bill - the gop wants to help daesh recruit more members - why ? rt 
rt cft1 : rt cnnpolitics : the whitehouse issues a veto threat over the bill via k … 
white house issues veto threat over bill 
rt twitlertwit : rt f3nw4yp4rk : white house issues veto threat refugee bill cnnpolitics 1/ … 
rt white house issues veto threat refugee bill 1/2 11% say only christian syrians should … 
white house issues veto threat refugee bill 1/2 11% say only christian syrians should be admitted ... 
( s ) president obama is threatening to veto the refugee bill hr 4038 drafted by congressional republicans . is ... 
obama will veto a bill that requires systems be put in place to ensure that refugees pose no security threat . he ... 
to the biggest domestic terrorist ever in u.s , hussein i say 
once again the fights against playing favorites is unconstitutional ! 

hollande invokes eu treaty , hoping to build coalition against isis 

i love this stuff 
brutal beauty : the rich heritage that means these buildings must be saved | 
should this building be knocked down ? 
brutal british beauty : the rich heritage that means these buildings must be saved 
brutalist in the uk ( with slideshow ) 
my inner nerd ( well , really i am all nerd ) is so fascinated by this article . 
why brutalist architecture must be saved 

isis may be more dangerous than al qaeda 
isis may b more dangerous than al qaeda 
is isis more deadly than al qaeda ? 

so would these people : 
sunday mourning . take the time and remember them . 
in memoriam of a closer look at the lives of the victims : 
new poll finds 81% believe a u.s. terror attack is likely in the near future . 
learn more about some of the victims of the 
prayers for the victims who were lost ... here are their names and stories 
rt thanks cnn for doing this : i'll try to always remember these names . the terrorists names i will forge … 
these are the victims in the paris attack 1 week ago today 
learn more about victims of the 
thanks cnn for doing this : i'll try to always remember these names . the terrorists names i will forget . 
touching tribute to victims of the tragedies last week : appreciate getting to learn about some of them . 
cnn's taking the focus away from the perpetrators & changing the frame to memorialize the victims in paris 
paris terror attacks : in memoriam of the victims 
in memory of the victims from last week's tragic event ... 
remembering the victims of the one week later . 
a week after the the victims and their stories . 
a week after terror attacks , a tribute to the paris victims : their names , their stories : 
the victims of the their stories , their lives , in one interactive . 
each victim of had story . here are many of them : 
129 people were killed in the and they each had a story . thanks to for telling them . 
paris terror attacks : interactive in memoriam of the victims 
i appreciate our remembrance of the police dog , but can we also spread the names of the victims ? 
learn more about the victims of the 

malaysia's greatest theme parks 

richard dawkins draws criticism for ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed tweets 
dear internet , richard dawkins does not speak for all atheists . he is often an idiot . sincerely , 99% of atheists . 
richard dawkins compares texas ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed to isis killer 
the religious extremes in both directions struggle with foot-in-mouth disease , it seems . 
r . dawkins draws criticism for ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed tweets let's just say ahmed & isis good at extortion . 
richard dawkins ' ' clock boy ' tweets draw ire - this " bomb like clock " was not a school project ! 
atheist compares ' clock boy ' to isis 
why does this say athiest and not richard dawkins ? click bait .. atheist compares ‘ clock boy ’ to isis 
what a hard working journalist you are !! reading tweets to " manufacture " news . 
don't people have better things to do .. if the kid was deceitful , he's slimy especially bc he is so young .... 
rt oh hey look ! is embarassing the secular community again ! 
sounds like he's suggesting guilty until proven innocent draws criticism for ' clock boy ' ahmed moha … 
rt richard dawkins compares texas ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed to isis killer 
rt compares texas ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed to killer 
i am disgusted by bill maher & richard dawkins islamophobia : dawkins draws criticism for ' clock boy ' tweets 
richard dawkins has a point . if a skunk doesn't matter at what age that become stunk . 
dawkins criticism for ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed tweets it was a comparison w/a killer dawkins , you troll . 
richard dawkins compares ' clock boy ' to isis killer 
can u correct your article ? ahmed's ' project ' was never mistaken for a bomb . he was accused of making a hoax 
richard dawkins ' ' clock boy ' tweets draw ire - libs attack anyone who doesn't agree w/them 
celebrated athiest demonstrates that he can be ignorant and narrow minded even without religion . 
just dawkins with his typical reactionary thinking . 
ok internet i'm going to go have a shower nobody storify me while i'm gone ok ? ( near the bottom . don't read it . ) 
did you see this ? 
scientist compares ' clock boy ' to isis killer 
richard dawkins had been right all along . 
once again , the left attacks dawkins w/ charges of racism even though he nails it : 
richard dawkins just went off on " clock boy " & nails it : 
was a voice that helped me realize i'm an atheist . now i just want to distance myself from him 
richard dawkins is an awful human 
vist- dawkins compares texas ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed to isis killer - cnn 
should stop tweeting before he completely destroys his professional reputation . pretty sad . 
new atheists are an embarrassment . i hate that they support they tarnish our cause 
he's entitled to his opinion . i was appalled that they were suing for 15 million . greed plain and simple . 
rt this flap shows just how really bad liberals are at analogies . issue is what " boys " can do https … 

blackphone vows to keep its ultra-private phone out of terrorists 
blackphone vows to keep its ultra-private phone out of terrorists ' hands via 
blackphone vows to keep its ultra-private phone out of terrorists ' hands - cnnmoney 
was designed to keep hackers/spies from snooping . it's attracting 
blackphone vows to keep its ultra-private phone out of terrorists ' hands by 
blackphone : we'll keep phone out of terrorists ' hands 
" vows " is too strong a word for controlling where tech ends up ... blackphone vows to keep its phone ... 

rt explosions , gunfire rang through the night in a massive police raid north of … 

top story : cnngo see more 
story of the day : cnngo see more 
rt ewrmadrid top story : ewrmadrid practice cnngo see more 
top story : practice cnngo see more 
making a last-minute statement on national security right now - 
top story de - cnngo see more 
with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
rt with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
top story : with raymond cnngo see more 
top story : info & news cnngo see more 

u2 will ' put on our best ' for rescheduled paris concert 
u2 back in paris the first weekend of december -- hbo concert rescheduled for dec . 7 : 

rt rugby legend jonah lomu , a former star , has died at age 40 in new zealand … 
rt obuyacj : rt cnn : rugby legend jonah lomu , a former allblacks star , has died at age 40 … 
rt lionessofsocial : rt alvalderramacnn : rugby legend jonah lomu , a former allblacks star ,… 
rt ahmedelsayd811 : rt cnn : rugby legend jonah lomu , a former allblacks star , has died at … 

space tech meets aviation : the hypersonic revolution 
tech meets the revolution 
spaceliner may revolutionize travel . . . crazeeee 
spaceliner concept jet could fly at mach 25 - 
the only way to go . 
london to melbourne in 90 minutes 
eco-friendly mach25 ( 25x speed of sound ) speed flights ?!? yes , please !! 
wow ! so cool ! wheeeee --- poof --- your there . 
london to australia in 90min .. 30 yrs from now rt meets aviation : the hypersonic revolution 
paris to san francisco in less than an hour ? 
jet flies london-sydney in 90 minutes 
paris to sf in 90 min ? 
paris to s.f. in 90 minutes ? hypersonic travel may not be that far off . tech appears almost ready . stay tuned . 
whoooaaaaa ..... lunch in paris ... gulp 
this is so damn awesome ... 
$30 billion , 30 years = dreams come true 
can't wait for this revolutionary technology 

captain lived and died with the sea 
rt captain lived and died with the sea 


american airlines no longer accepting argentina's peso 
so ... american airlines is no longer accepting argentina's peso via $aal 
american airlines no longer accepting peso via cnnmoney 
american airlines won't let customers buy flights with argentine pesos . 

rt . says he is ending his campaign for u.s. president : " this is not my time . " … 

rt 33 members killed in airstrikes in last 72 hours , monitoring group says : 

5 things we learned from inside the u.s. intelligence war 
5 things we learned from inside the u.s. intelligence war v … 
5 things from inside the u.s. war - 
nsa tells cnn : " sometimes with a lot of work there is ” a way around encryption yeah , this : 
5 things from inside the u.s. intelligence war 
5 things from inside the us intel war > interesting read , nros remote sensing & virtual reality tech 
u.s. has satellites that ' sense ' 
5 things from the war- 
this is why national security funding is needed 
you heard it on cnn . nation's top spy , whose name is james , drinks a martini every day . serious findings here : 
5 things we learned from inside the us intelligence war - cnn international 
i'm glad i don't know what goes on behind the scenes in the intelligence community but this article is fascinating . 


rt there's no data supporting the so-called " effect , " says u.s. attorney general … 

rt see how this father explains to his young son : 
rt father explains to his young son & the video goes viral . see why : … 
french father explains terror attacks to his young son 
would like take on the advisability of this life lesson in an age of terrorism 
rt see video of father explaining to his young son : full intrvw w/ t … 
see video of father explaining to his young son : full intrvw w/ tonight , 8p 
priceless between father and son 
rt see original video of father explaining to his young son full intrvw on tomo … 
french father explains terror attacks to his son good to see john lennon's spirit alive & well in paris . 
the lit candles will never go dim . the beautiful flowers will never wither . may love and peace enter our world . 
in english ... 
see original video of father explaining to his young son full intrvw on tomorrow , 8pm 
this video melted my heart ❤ ️🇫🇷 

here's why black friday lines could be even worse this year 
why black friday lines could be even worse this year . is this really a thing ? 
black friday lines : worse this year ? 
why black friday lines could be even worse this year . via 
why black friday lines could be even worse this year - cnnmoney 
why lines could be even worse this year via 
why lines could be even worse this year november 24 - cnnmoney 
why black friday lines could be worse this year 

photos from the end of the earth 
one day :)) 
these photos took 2 years to take 
takes you to the end of the earth : by 
11 of - the end of the earth 
check out these stunning images from a place less travelled , antarctica . 
seals are everywhere ... kind of like psp 
gorgeous photos from antarctic including penguins seals glaciers and much more 
gorgeous from including and much more 
> from the end of the earth ; photographer discusses new book blue ice 

rt " enough with the french flag facebook logo please , " writer says . your thoughts ? … 

obama slams republicans over refugee stance 
bho slams repubs for stance on refugees sympathizes with terrorists 
will and the stain us history like ... 
he didn't have to do this 
if he thought that , he'd be trying to stall & reduce the partisan temperature , not ... this 
i'm late with posting this but i couldn't not post it . barry o came for the gop's neck the other day : " apparently ... 
fear politics gop - google search 
rt . slams republicans over stance on via & … 

st. louis rams wide receiver stedman bailey shot while sitting in car 
rams ' wide receiver stedman bailey hospitalized - 
st. louis rams player shot in head 
st. louis rams player stedman bailey hospitalized . 
stedman bailey , rams ' wide receiver , shot in miami area - 
st. louis rams/former wvu wide receiver stedman bailey shot while sitting in car 
rams ' stedman bailey shot while sitting in car 
a professional athlete is shot twice in his head ... while sitting in a car ? 
stedman bailey of the was shot in miami , florida , by | 
stedman bailey , rams ' wide receiver , shot in miami gardens 
cnn : st. louis wide receiver shot while sitting in car , police say 
dear america - you built this congrats . 
st. louis rams wide receiver shot while sitting in car . 
wr , stedman baiey , in critical condition after being shot in the head tuesday night in miami . 
stedman bailey , rams ' wide receiver , shot in head 
report : st. louis rams wide receiver stedman bailey shot in head 
every single time , each child , each boy/girl , man/woman , infant and now a la ram 
stedman bailey was shot . 
. wr in critical condition after being shot in the head tues night . covering . 
you always hate to see stories like this . 
our thoughts and prayers go out to the bailey family . st. louis rams wide receiver stedman bailey shot in head 
thoughts & prayers : st. louis rams wide receiver stedman bailey shot in head 

u.s. sanctions russians and syrians assisting the assad regime 
u.s. sanctions russians , syrians assisting assad regime 
us sanctions russians and syrians assisting the assad regime via 

chicago officer had history of complaints - 
had history of complaints before shooting 
chicago police officer had history of complaints 
disgusting . the cop who murdered had history of complaints 
faced 20 - 
i'll sit here and act all surprised that the cop who gunned down laquan mcdonald had a long history of complaints . 
why is it that a bad cop's record doesn't come into question until he/she kills ? 
chicago cop's checkered past 
this cop is a jerk and his attorney is even a bigger one . why was he the only one that fired upon the victim ?... 
shocking no one , the criminal who murdered a child in chicago had committing crimes and escalating for years . 
a history of complaints 
why we need real accountability : who executed 20 prior complaints & 2 lawsuits 
had history of complaints before laquan mcdonald shooting 
cop's attorney justifies excessive gun use/killing ' cuz no taser was available . 
didn't expect to see a white c.p.o. murder a black man as soon as i was done writing my book makes me want to vomit 
faced many complaints before death . by 
at least 20 complaints filed against officer who killed group finds -- none resulted in discipline 
abusive cops almost always exhibit warning signs , but keep their jobs anyway . 
killer cops that are always cleared indicates a culture of evil . you cannot trust in that environment . 
holy smokes , this jason van dyke guy is a reeeeeal shithead . 
officer charged in chicago teen's death almost always cleared .... 
everyone knows some have " rage control " problems 
look at the hate in his face . these angry white men police officers are all over the us and will kill you and ... 
corrupt chicago fraternal order police lodge asks members to contribute to murderer 

posters , ticket stubs , memories : music lovers reclaim beloved bataclan 

the nypd boosts its number of detectives tracking terror leads via & 
nypd boosts detectives to track terror leads 

rt . josh earnest defends isis " setback " remarks via & https … 

great wall of china dazzles in early snow 
early envelops - 
great wall of china looks amazing in early snow 
early snowfall envelops china's great wall - 

barclays fined $109 million for trying to hide ' the deal of the century ' 
are fines really going to stop these kinds of things from happening ? i think it is time for jail sitting . 
barclays fined $109 million for trying to hide ' the deal of the century ' - cnn 
for how long shall clients continue to pay for crimes of bank directors . barclays fined $109 million . via 
barclays fined $109 million for secret super rich deal this is like stealing $100 & paying $5 fine but keep the rest 
barclays fined record $109 million for hiding huge deal 
barclays fined $109 million for trying to hide ' the deal of the century ' with super rich 
and tied to scheme ! barclays fined $109 million for secret super rich deal 
the fine is not enough . the business should be dissolved and the executives put in prison . 
fined record $109 million for hiding huge deal - do any of these fuckers ever end up in court 
by🇬🇧 trying to hide ' deal of the century ' 🔐📑🗄 
bank fined $109 million for secret super rich deal 
and how many bankers have gone to jail since 2008 ? zero ! barclays fined $109 million 

rt police : " serious plans for explosions " thwarted before germany vs netherlands soccer match … 

rt . gop's " hateful rhetoric " on " a new low " 

172 new york players lost more than $ 10,000 in games this year 
fanduel pushes back on new york ban : " only " 16 ny players have lost more than $ 50,000 via 
fanduel pushes back on new york ban : only 16 players have lost $ 50,000 - nov . 25 , 2015 
fanduel pushes back on new york ban : only 16 players have lost $ 50,000 via 


obama sings on coldplay's next album 
sings on next album 
he didn't do much better in his singing career than his management of our country . i hope he can find his niche 
all of these presidents really want to be singers and rappers smh 
coldplay says obama's singing voice will feature in a new song on album out friday 
about all he has . ' obama will feature on the band's forthcoming album , " a head full of dreams . "' 
in politics : bernie & killer mike do lunch coldplay ft barry o ? 
obama sings on next coldplay album 

. german police arrest 2 in plot to launch attack " against state security . " 
yesterday , the army arrested 2 men for plotting " a significant criminal act against state security . " 
german police arrest two in ' significant ' attack plot - - 
germany arrests 2 in alleged plot 
still feeling safe ? 
german police arrest two in berlin in plot to launch ' significant ' attack 
german police foil berlin terror plot 
2 arrested due to plots against german state security . 
germany arrests 2 in terror plot after finding evidence in berlin islamic center . reports say both are migrants 


. has been called lots of things — now a new label is surfacing 
conservatives call a fascist [ extreme right-wing , radical authoritarian , intolerant ] 
even conservatives are now coming to the conclusion that is basically a fascist . trump 
trump's newest label 
. this was a very unique story for and few seemed to notice . too bad . 
why some conservatives say talk is fascist 
rt mainstream wankers have decided to label trump a fascist , as if his followers give a shit . it's why they support him htt … 
where is the article " why some say is socialist " ? 
why some conservatives say trump talk is fascist 
notice how conservatives aren't comparing obama to hitler anymore ? why some conservatives say trump talk is fascist 
steve deace : if obama wanted same relig registry that trump wants , conservs would call it fascism 
conservative max boot : trump is a fascist , not a term i use loosely . but he's earned it . 
rt cnn fascism piece is why press creation of muslim registry issue and trump decision not to knock down so important . https://… 
rt why some conservatives say talk is fascist 
rt one fascism expert : " i'm not saying trump is hitler , but ... condoning violence against those who oppose you ... " … 
why some conservatives say donald trump's talk is fascist 
gop 38% followers can't make out trump fascist narcissist candidate tracking ppl , not in am 
rt some conservatives have a new label for 
retweeted byron york ( cnn fascism piece is why press creation of muslim registry issue and trump ... 


rt police analyzing video that may show a second suspect , french media reported … 

rt alabama governor : refugees behind major threats to the u.s. 

for porsche , the sounds of revving engines are a crucial design element 
inside porsche's raging collection of sounds 

report : ben carson travels to jordan to meet syrian refugees 
report : travels to jordan to meet syrian refugees via 
where are all the other candidates including our dictator in chief ? respect for ben going over and taking a first ... 
report : carson travels to jordan to meet syrian refugees 
yeah this ought to go well ( chuckle ) ... 
will probably tell those syrian refugees to “ work harder ” or something similarly profound ... 
ben carson is reportedly heading to jordan to meet syrian refugees : 

two degrees : does climate change contribute to disease ? 
one of my former professors answers a question for at cnn . 
two degrees : does contribute to via 
climate change has both direct & indirect effects on illness & disease , says uga prof of environmental health 
nice commentary by my uga colleague , does climate change contribute to disease ? 
rt jjgiannantonio two degrees : does contribute to via cnn 
does change contribute to disease ? dr. lipp explains 
climate change : does it contribute to disease ? 

rt hoverboards , those self-balancing scooters that don't actually hover , are now illegal in nyc … 

" and rapper a ' lethal ' combo " hell yeah they are . love them lyrics . 
sanders and rapper killer mike a ' lethal ' combo 
. and rapper a lethal combo via 
sanders & rapper killer mike a ' lethal ' combo ; lethal to clinton machine ! 
. berniesanders and rapper killermike a lethal combo via g … 
. berniesanders and rapper killermike a lethal combo via gre … 

rt this is diesel . she is a 7-year-old police dog french police say was killed in today's raid . … 

what network tv ratings would look like without the 
here's what network tv ratings would look like without the via 
if the nfl vanished , total male 18-49 viewing of nbc/cbs/fox would drop 45% 
pats games are literally the only thing i make sure to watch live on tv , and i'm not the only one . via 
keeps broadcast networks afloat , terribly reliant on via 
icymi : broadcast network tv ratings w/nfl stripped out via 
rt . sportstvratings : never forget : broadcast network tv ratings w/nfl stripped out via . frankpallotta 
cnn’s " here's what tv ratings would look like without the nfl ” desperately needs an actual visual representation 
nfl football accounts for 22% of total average viewership of the 3 network ... 
frank pallotta tells us what network ratings would look like if nfl games were taken out . 
tv net ratings would be 22% lower if they didn't have the nfl . the value of live sports . 
what network tv ratings would look like without nfl 
here's what network ratings would look like without the 
here's what tv ratings would look like without the nfl via is live tv . you can't skip past ads 
q : what was most watched tv show ever among women ? a : super bowl 49 - the value of the nfl for network tv 

rt trucks full of heavily armed french soldiers in full military gear arrive at scene of saint-denis raids . 
rt 2 terrorist suspects dead in saint-denis : 1 shot by sniper , other blew herself up , french media reports . 
rt 3 suspected terrorists killed in raid in paris suburb of saint-denis , official tells cnn . 3 police officers hurt . … 
rt explosions heard in paris suburb , site of raid hunting for suspects in paris attacks . … 
2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 
rt suspected ringleader of is target of massive police operation in paris suburb , afp says . 
rt french president hollande says he'll ask lawmakers to extend state of emergency by 3 months . … 
2 killed , 8 held after raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 
" it was a war zone . " one resident describes the raid . reports : 
rt 5 people arrested during police raid in saint-denis , paris prosecutor's office said . 
rt suspects have been cornered in building in paris suburb , saint-denis mayor tells cnn affiliate bfm-tv . 
rt 2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but ringleader's status still unknown 
rt raid near paris was " right on time , " police source says , adding suspects " about to move on some kind of operation . " … 
suspected ringleader abaaoud not in custody , french prosecutor says ; no id yet for two suspects killed in raid 
rt french will use dna testing to determine if paris terror attack ringleader was in apartment raided by police … 
top firearms link of the day : 
rt the 2 killed in saint-denis raids still unidentified ; suspected ringleader abaaoud not in custody , prosecutor says . … 
saint-denis raid : 3 terror suspects killed , police say - 
rt all 129 of those killed in friday's paris attacks have been identified , french council of ministers says . … 
dna tested to see if suspected ring leader died 
gunfire reported amid police raid in saint-denis , near paris 
dna tests to determine whether attack leader died in raid 
dead or alive ? dna tests to see if suspected ring leader died 
2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 

' lord , when is this going to end ? ' 
in light of the recent protest in chicago , cnn caught up with me for a short interview for my opinion on the ... 
rt ' lord , when is this going to end ? ' 
chicagoans hope laquan mcdonald's death can change a violent city 
here is a video of those protests in new york and chicago from throughout the night . 
chicago : ' lord , when is this going to end ? ' 
' lord , when is this going to end ? ' chicago seeks answer - 
obama once again weighing in and passing judgment & giving predjicial oppinion on a pending legal case . 
.... exactly how i feel 😢 
' lord , when is this going to end ? ' the " real " story is why was the kid running if he has nothing to hide !! 
so the cops excuse was he was still holding the knife ?? so shooting him 16 times with 7 officers around was ... 
for some chicago residents , of shooting magnifies all too familiar story 
for some chicago residents , video of shooting magnifies all too familiar story 
for some chicago residents , video of shooting magnifies all too familiar story this cop needs to be in prison 
cnn : for some residents - including - shooting video magnifies familiar story 
in chicago , video magnifies familiar story fpr some 

family of 11-year-old charged in girl's shooting death : he didn't pull trigger 
family of boy charged in death : he didn't pull trigger 
your kids cause your all drunks 
also said go make another handle teach white kids to share not kill each other 
too bad she didn't have a machine gun trailer trash drunks should be charged 
parents will be charged with negligence they had it handy and teaching kid likely how to kill blacks ! but oopsy 


how long can you eat those 
you may have a lot of leftovers from thanksgiving . here's how long you should actually eat these foods for : 
we hope everyone enjoyed their thanksgiving and we know you're continuing to enjoy all those delicious leftovers !... 
how long can you feast on those thanksgiving leftovers ? reference this handy guide : 
today is for relaxing & maybe eating a little bit more . here's a guide to help manage your leftovers 
eggs are good two to three weeks after the date on the carton ? who knew ? 
thanksgiving leftovers : how long can you eat them ? 
how long can you eat those thanksgiving leftovers ? via 
leftovers are one of the best things about the holiday but how long before you should throw them out ? 
rt considering i'm the leftover-food queen of this article is perfect ! thanks , 
wondering how long you can eat those thanksgiving leftovers ? " eat-it or chuck-it " guide via 
rt here's the eat-it-or-chuck-it guide for the leftovers you'll have after thanksgiving : 
good to know 
eat it or chuck it ? how long will thanksgiving leftovers last ? 
thanksgiving leftovers : a guide to how long can you eat them 
just in case you were curious . happy thanksgiving ! 
how long can you those 
how long can you safely keep leftovers ? 
advice for the holiday season 
how long can you eat leftovers ? 
just how long are your thanksgiving day left overs good for ?... 
leftovers are one of our fave traditions ! 🦃🇺🇸 
how long is it safe to keep those leftovers ? 
i'm all about you can safely repurpose 
what's the best thing about thanksgiving ? the leftovers of course ! here is your guide to how long they'll last . 

police report ' active shooter ' in colorado springs - 
if this colorado springs shooter is hungry he knows for sure that he'll get some burger king after getting arrested ! 
this might be important but only if it is isis ! 
police report ' active shooter ' near planned parenthood in colorado springs 
police : active shooter near colorado planned parenthood 
colorado shooting probe - 
a shooting is now happening in colorado springs , colorado , near a planned parenthood facility . when does it end ?... 
just ... yeah . 
this makes my heart sad . 
active shooter 30-45 minutes from me , hope all stay safe as best as possible - 
active shooter on the scene near colorado springs strip mall . twitter reports 3 officers injured . two are safe ... 
shopping area on lockdown as police hunt shooter near planned parenthood in co 
when the second amendment and black friday collide . 
this is taking place in and around a shopping center .... 
police report ' active shooter ' near planned parenthood in springs 
shooter reported in colorado 
officers respond with guns drawn to reports of a shooter near planned parenthood in colorado springs 
so keeping out refugees will protect us from terrorism ? police : ' active shooter ' near in co 
* sigh * 
this is what all-american christian terrorism looks like ... 
active shooter reported near a planned parenthood in colorado springs . is the attack on planned parenthood though ? 
police : ' active shooter ' in colorado springs 
more holiday madness 
any nut job can get a gun , it's horrifying : police report ' active shooter ' near colorado springs 
battlefield america : conservative right wing terrorists strike again 
breaking - active shooter near planned parenthood in colorado springs live scanner / feed 3 
stuff like this is why i wish the would move out of 
police : active shooter reported near planned parenthood in colorado 
rt " active shooter " at planned parenthood in colorado . 
rt alledged supporter is engaging in terrorism in colorado springs near a planned parenthood ... developing http … 
police report ' active shooter ' near in springs 
active shooter reported near planned parenthood in colorado springs 
just in : police say they are responding to a call of an active shooter in colorado springs , colorado 

. looks to seize national security advantage from obama over isis 
gop wrestle with national security advantage 
the gop looks to seize national security advantage from via 

the catholic church grows explosively in africa 
pope francis ' visit highlights explosive growth of catholic church in africa 
pope francis visits africa fuckers 
pope francis ' africa visit highlights church growth 

rt groundbreaking same-sex wedding takes place in ireland 

rt charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . 
rt charlie sheen to " today " : i've paid millions to people who extorted me over hiv diagnosis . … 
we know that when charlie sheen admitted that he is hiv-positive , bill had kittens 
charlie sheen says he is hiv-positive 
charlie sheen says he is hiv-positive wow , charlie sheen 
txmo news update : charlie sheen says he is hiv-positive - 
man ! who else missed out on the secret ??! 💸💸 

nato survived cold war , but downed russian fighter provides biggest threat 
survived cold war , but downed russian jet provides biggest threat : 
survived cold war , but downed jet provides biggest threat wonder why the double standard for 
and downed russian bomber is big threat 
biggest threat since cold war ? 
" erdogan's nato partners can now only look at him as a loose cannon , an unstable element " 
nato and putin : downed russian bomber is big threat - 
russian jet provides biggest threat hi 5 us military !! 
russian jet provides biggest threat what if was a us pilot , russia would not have a plane in the sky 
downed russian bomber threatens nato existence 
nato and putin : downed russian is big threat - 
i've long expected nato either to expand into middle east or collapse altogether . read : 
nato's biggest threat 
the rise of gog and megog . 
cnn is warmongering again . are we worried about putin or russia ? video coming up ! 
nato survived cold war , but .. the men in power today could not fill the shoes of those of wwii fame . 
not looking good 
downed jet is biggest threat 
nato can break up over russian threat .. … 
really messed up this time . should question their support of turkey and their radicals in syria . 
nato survived cold war downed russian jet provides threat , nato partners look at turkey's president as loose cannon 
" survived but downed jet provides biggest threat " 
is this the end of nato ? 
this is what happens with fond ottoman empire dreams clash with soviet union return aspirations . 
not so . putin kept violating nato airspace . turkey meant what is said . russia pays the price as it should . 
does turkey's actions against a russian fighter-bomber mean an end to this op-ed piece seems to think so . 

carson : the most misunderstood candidate ? 
it's all a misunderstanding 
is the most misunderstood candidate ? via 
blunders & lies . time to exit stage left 
carson : it's all a misunderstanding - 
is realbencarson the most misunderstood candidate ? via maev … 
keeps digging the hole deeper and deeper ! 
compares syrian terrorists to mad dogs , not syrian refugees as contends 
problem is , the example given in this video is not difficult to understand , or controversial . it is an ... 
. the most misunderstood candidate ? no , it's clearly understood ... benny shouldn't be president . 
slipping in iowa & brain power . 
es , and , we are dumb clucks !!! 
-- is that misunderstood ? 
ben carson says we do not understand but his drop in the polls shows clearly we do . 
you can't keep blaming the media for misquoting you more time passes = showing how unqualified 
says he's misunderstood . literally . by 
how durable is the brand ? 
doc ben whining he's " misunderstood " is politician equivalent of philandering husband claiming wife doesn't get him 

condemn attacks in 
rt 1.6 billion muslims & cnn found 3 to speak out against paris . wow cnn , you convinced me muslims oppose terrorism . https : … 
rt condemn attacks in 
atravelersnote : rt cnnimpact : condemn attacks in 
rt the campaign shows muslims appalled at the attacks in paris + condemning those attacks . 
maybe you just need to pay attention ... 

after paris attacks : an opportunity for assad ? 
paris attacks may empower isis enemy assad 

newborn found in nativity scene 
newborn found in nativity scene at new york church - cnn international 
newborn found in nativity scene at n.y. churchgod bless the baby 
wow quite the story ! newborn found in nativity scene at n.y. church 
found in scene at new york 
when would have been the safer option . 
... when this woman who came in with this child , saw this crèche , this empty home , this home ... 
i know this is sick ... but i actually laughed at this . not the act , but the placement . 
some people are not even human !!! - newborn found in new york nativity scene 

rt here's what we know so far about the 

9 held in deadly beirut bombings 

rt more than half the nation's governors say syrian refugees not welcome 

dozens arrested in tunisian presidential guard bombing 
dozens arrested in presidential guard bombing | 

paul walker's father sues porsche over actor's death 
suing porsche for his sons negligence and reckless driving . this is america where we always blame someone else 
right . it was the car's fault . 
they say some safety features could have saved his life . . that's unfortunate 
if your first thought after paul walker's driving fail death is how to make money it , you may be related . 
sorry for your loss , but it's not porsche's fault . maybe your son should have obeyed the speed limit . they're ... 
paul walker's father sues over actor's death 
walker's dad sues porsche over death 

china angers miss world 
canada's miss world contestant anastasia lin : china's barred me 
discussion topic for next class ? 
china angers beauty queen 
- canada's miss world contestant barred me for speaking out on 
miss world contestant : china barred me 
canada's miss world contestant : china's barred me 

turkey table politics 
talking politics at the thanksgiving table 
table 7 tips to beat the stuffing out of your - .... 
no talking points , we spoke to experts on rhetorical argument for t-giving debate strategy : 

behind the scenes of michael jackson's ' thriller ' - 
behind the scenes of perhaps the greatest music video of all time : 
cnn : behind the scenes of michael jacksons ' thriller 
behind the scenes of ' thriller ' 
behind the scenes of ' s via 

rt 33 isis members killed in airstrikes in past 3 days , monitoring group says . 
rt latest developments : what we know right now 
at a glance : wednesday's developments 
copy of personal finance project : 
rt here are the numbers from our discussion yesterday : paris attacks : latest developments for wednesday https : … 
latest : new isis video threatens new york 
an video warns of an impending attack on see the latest : 
we must change . it cannot wait . latest : muslim woman , jewish teacher attacked 
paris attacks at a glance : only after 9/11 muslims defiantly put on the burka & the west is too stupid to see it ! 
attacks at a glance : wednesday's developments and new street violence in last night 
muslim woman was hit and stabbed & a jewish teacher was stabbed " by individuals uttering anti-semitic remarks 
with tensions running high across france , two attacks in the southern city of marseille drew sharp condemnation ... 
paris attacks : what you need to know - 
new isis video threatens new york . big wow the free world wants all your isis asses turned into pig food , trumped ! 
this video has been around for months . don't make it seem like this is a new threat . 
new isis video threatens attack on new york city . also today three men in france stab a jewish teacher . one was ... 
hey i found the video ( referenced in your nyc threat video clip ( it's stock footage . 

names released of officers involved in shooting ; latest updates : 

here are four ways you might display hidden bias : 
4 ways you might be displaying hidden bias in everyday life . 
4 ways blacks & whites might be displaying hidden bias in everyday life 
this is why we created ways you might be displaying hidden in everyday life by 
" do you have a ' gay friend' ? a ' black doctor' ? " " who are your three best friends ? " some thoughts on implicit bias : 
another important read on 
so if i don't want to live in a run down , crime ridden city i'm racist ? 
implicit bias tests - 
i know . you're not racist . but you're still susceptible to hidden bias . here's where you might find it in your life 
are you accidentally biased or prejudiced ? here are four questions to help you decide . 
check out dr. gallagher quoted in this cnn article on implicit racial bias 
4 ways we can display hidden biases in everyday life 
great article by on in our everyday lives . 
4 ways your hidden biases show 
4 ways we can display hidden in everyday life 
4 ways we can display hidden biases in everyday life - cnn 
this is what i coach people in , uncovering unconscious thoughts ... ways we display hidden bias in everyday life 
let's stop blaming and shaming and start learning how to mitigate unconscious bias 
4 ways we might display hidden biases in everyday life 
oh my god really published this about black bias to white ppl ? quit being part of the prob 
i'm guilty of exactly one of these . 
this article is actually on the homepage right now . timing = everything . 
4 ways we can display hudden biases in everyday life . 
everyone should be made aware of their unconscious bias ... 

why beef is the new suv ... 
rt 14.5% of all pollution can be attributed to livestock . so ! http :/ … 
love beef ? don't read this 
would you stop eating beef to save the planet ? 
food for thought literally 🌈🌻🐮 
why beef is killing the planet 

nasa is attempting to debunk the idea that space anomaly was sign of ancient life , likely due to comets . 
rt nasa says anomaly that sparked speculation about aliens was likely caused by comets . … 
space anomaly : aliens ? 
says space anomaly likely caused by comets 
yesss .. it was simply a swarm of comets ! no aliens at all ! 
nasa says space anomaly caused by comets 
weird we're to take the word of an " associate " professor on something so important as alien life . 
i told you nasa would try to cover up the alien mega structures with some corny stupid ass totally implausible phony … 
nasa-space anomaly likely comets - 
space anomaly or aliens 
comet busters |nasa estimates our galaxy alone ( milky way ) has a trillion planets ! 
nasa says space anomaly is probably caused by comets not by aliens 
space anomaly may be solved 
. made news for a research team found the space anomaly was caused by comets . 
space anomaly solved ? or is it 
rt . it's not an apg . 
" we may not know yet . that's what makes it so interesting " rt says anomaly likely caused by comets 
iowa state university : while i'm glad for science , i feel some type of way about this . perhaps a little salty ... 
sure they were . 🚀 
comets , not aliens . 
light fluctuation of star likely caused by comets . 

concussion protocols failed with rams quarterback whose head hit turf 
concussion protocols failed with rams quarterback whose head hit turf says 
rt concussion protocols failed with rams quarterback whose head hit turf 
nfl concussion protocol fails nfl last weekend . more reform needed 
thank you for working on this . 
nfl : concussion protocol failed qb 
pretty sure the best way to diagnose a concussion isn't an independent 3rd party who doesn't know the athlete 
nfl : new concussion protocols fail with rams ' case keenum 
don't watch the nfl . 
nfl will now consider whether to impose " discipline " for future violations of new concussion protocols . 
don't get caught unprotected ! implement the premier concussion management program in the nation !... 
nfl : concussion protocols failed with quarterback whose head hit turf 

adele's ' 25 ' sells over 3 million copies in less than a week 
new album ' 25 ' has sold over 3 million copies . 🙌🏽😍 
another day , another unprecedented number . 3 million copies in less than a week . 
adele won't single-handedly save the music industry , but these numbers are encouraging nonetheless : 
rt frankpallotta : another day , another unprecedented adele number . 3 million copies in less than a week . … 
adele's soulful record , " 25 " has crossed 3 million sales in a single-week , a threshold other artists has ever come close to . 

british pm david cameron argues in parliament for strikes on isis in syria - 
british pm david cameron argues in parliament for airstrikes in syria . 
pressure on isis builds : france , russia consult ; britain calls for airstrikes 
putin : assad's future should be in syrians ' hands 
british pm calls for strikes on isis in syria - 
future should be in hands 
pressure on isis builds : french , russian leaders confer - - 
assad's fate should be syrians ' decision 
putin : syrians should decide al-assad's fate -- 
rt putin : syrians should decide al-assad's fate which syrians ? the ones for assad after putin killed all rebels ? ht … 
uk pm david cameron urges strikes on isis in syria - 
wondering what the world is doing now about the isis crisis after the paris attacks ? check out this cnn link . 
cameron asks for strikes on isis 
uk prime minister urges on - 

rt lawmakers turn their focus to security in the wake of the via … 

rt the band are raising funds to fight bullying , and making one girl's dreams come true . … 
rock band supports bullied girl's dreams 
rt band supports bullied girl from japan 
some feel good reading material about a new rock band while you sit on the couch hating yourself for eating too ... 
foster the people is supporting a japanese teen who spoke out about bullying in japan . 
rock band foster the people supports bullied girl - cnncom 

in the wake of the paris attacks , took portraits of young people across the city : 
the future of 
like this little glimpse of the faces of paris young people . 
" because they represent life . " portraits of the future -- the youth of 
" it was the youth of france who were targeted simply because they represent life , " french president francois ... 

7 things you should know about the 
7 things to know about the macy's parade 
7 things you should know about the macy's day parade 
rt 7 things you should know about the macy's day parade 
amazing parade . 
fun facts about macy's thanksgiving day parade 
happy thanksgiving , may you enjoy your family today ! 󾌬 ❤ ️ 
did you know the was originally a christmas parade ? 
macy's parade : 7 things to know 
i have watched this parade every single year since i was a child . i will do it , god willing , til the day i die .... 
macy's thanksgiving day parade : 7 things to know 
happy thanksgiving 🦃 
macy's thanksgiving day 7 things to know 
macy's day - 7 things to know - 
a light read on thanksgiving eve ... wishing you all a happy thanksgiving ! 
hope everyone has a safe and fun holiday ! what's your favorite day tradition ? 
7 things to know about parade ! via 
with the tomorrow , 7 things to know about the tradition : 

survivor details horrors inside concert hall 
touching testimony of a survivor , describing how love wins it all , 
paris attack survivor isobel bowdery details horrors - 
paris survivor thought she was going to die in concert hall . very moving story . 
this is , without a doubt , the most incredible interview i've ever seen . 
" i wanted the people i loved to win , and to know they blessed me with an incredible life . " 
" i didn't want them to win " powerful interview , couple tells how they survived paris concert attack 
her story of survival was read by millions on facebook , now hear her horrific account from inside bataclan . 
moving testimony by a young couple who survived the bataclan theatre attack in paris . interview by 
' like a nightmare ' survivor details horrors in hall 
an uplifting interview with a very loving couple that survived the " horror night " at the bataclan . bowdery spoke ... 
one courageous and stoic couple . 
this interview anderson cooper did with survivors of the paris terrorist attacks is absolutely incredible 
it's not the possessions or money you think about when near death , it's the people . please watch until the end . 
incredible account of a survivor who was inside the theater on friday 
rt someone did finally talk to isobel bowdery about her night at the bataclan 

french soccer fans find unity in english arms 

rt a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess has been repeatedly vandalized : … 
rt a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess has been repeatedly vandalized : https … 

katherine timpf of fox news gets death threats after bashing ... <- this is why george lucas bowed out 
katherine timpf of fox news gets death threats after bashing ' star wars ' 
congrats on making cnn news :3 
katherine timpf of fox news gets death threats after bashing ' star wars ' . alright nerds ! settle the fuck down !! 
didn't she realize that she was talking on fox news which has the highest concentration of unhinged whackadoos on ... 
pundit bashes ' star wars , ' gets threats 
i sense trolls going after in an attempt to make fans look bad . 
your tweet was quoted by 
satirist gets death threats for mocking " space nerd sticks . " by 
star wars is awesome , but not that awesome : katherine timpf of fox gets death threats after bashing ' star wars ' 
pundit's joke leads to death threats 

isis video threatens france , italy , u.s. 
isis video threatens new york city - 
rt cnn is isis's de facto publicity arm . any time some fanatic in raqqa farts or coughs , cnn cranks up the fear factor . htt … 
this should be taken seriously but this could just as easily be a distraction of our attention .. 
new isis video threatens france , italy , us - 
sure hope he does not have to eat those words .. 
new video threatens 
new video new york city via 
new daesh video threatens france , italy , u.s. jihadist lunatics are waging world war . 
threat : mayor : ' new york city will not be intimidated ' 
rt retweeted max blumenthal ( cnn is isis's de facto publicity arm . any time some fanatic in raqqa ... https :/ … 

rt the inconvenient truth : there's no easy military answer to war on via … 

cnn says you are dumb . not 81% in this but majority . 
poll : most americans oppose resettling in the u.s. 
poll : americans oppose syrian refugees in u.s. 
well this is disturbing & shows some serious lack of understanding . 
when will you stop " ruling " against the will of we the people ? 
poll : americans oppose syrian refugees in us . 
once again , president rams plan down us citizens throats . americans oppose syrian refugees in u.s. 
most americans are siding with republicans on restricting cnn : 
keep out of this country ! americans don't want them ! 
poll : most of us doesn't want from : cnn 
oppose in u.s. - cnn 
so much for us being christian . a lie . 
poll : americans oppose in u.s. 
it's things like this that are misleading . polling 628 is nowhere near representative of the us population . 

suspect arrested in new orleans shooting caught on 
suspect arrested in new orleans shooting on video 
god is real . 
great ! congrats to new orleans p.d. for the quick arrest . 👍 
arrest in shooting caught on video 
i can't believe this poor black boy was arrested ! he dindu nuffin wrong ! 
the lesson in this story is that if you intervene , you must use maximum force to control the situation . 
remind me again why it's wrong to put down animals like this . suspect arrested in new orleans shooting 
dramatic video shows hero , peter gold , 25 , tulane univ . med-student being shot by thug in new orleans . gold survived 
check this out : 
this young man is a hero . he probably saved this woman's life . you rock 
video : robber's gun jams after shooting victim/good samaritan . 
there is a god . 

rt " jihadi john " associate arrested while on the way to deliver terror attack orders . 


today show : charlie reveals he is hiv positive 
charlie sheen discloses he is hiv positive on ' today ' show - cnnmoney 
charlie sheen expected to disclose he is hiv positive on ' today ' show 

can europe afford border controls ? 

you can expect longer lines and tighter security this thanks to to recent terror attacks . 
travel ain't what it used to be : better safe than sorry , but so annoying : thanksgiving : longer lines & more security 
happy and , stay safe as you travel 
thanksgiving travel : longer lines and tighter security ! 
thanksgiving : longer lines , tighter security 
time to buckle up ! 💺 estimates 46.9 mil people & 3.6 mil to holiday destination 
planning to travel ? you are likely facing this . 
thanksgiving travel : longer lines and tight security - 
travel : longer lines and tighter security ( via 
thanksgiving longer lines and tighter security 
long lines , tight security for thanksgiving holiday travel 
holiday travel ? be prepared to wait ... 
for those of you flying this be prepared for longer lines & tighter security . 
interesting info & stats about from an est . 46.9 million w . travel over next few days . 
security and holiday travel ... plan on longer lines and extra time due to heightened security 
if you're traveling for make sure to read warning about long lines and tight security ! 
what to expect this thanksgiving 
traveling over expect longer lines and tighter 
are you planning to travel this holiday season ? get ready to wait in line ... 
note to self & others - pack extra patience . for travel : longer lines & tighter security 
heads up if you're traveling through the u.s. airports for thanksgiving ! 

french police dog dies in saint-denis raid - - 
rt diesel 7-year old police dog dies in french raid in saint-denis . this 🐕 had more ❤ ️ than the terrorists http … 
“ if there are no dogs in heaven , then when i die i want to go where they went . ” 
interesting ...... 
god bless the french police's brave pup that passed away . 
rt spreads in honor of diesel , french police dog who died in raid … 
today we are saying a big thank you to diesel and other service dogs like her who help to keep us safe . their ... 
honor for the french police dog who died in the saint-denis raid 
rt police diesel dies in the line of duty w/ french suicide bombing http … 
dogs are heros too ! 
rt our hearts are broken today not only because of killed and injured in france but also for k9 diesel who is yet ... https … 
rest peacefully my brave friend !!! 
real don't need a cape to be a ‼️rip 
rt real don't need a cape to be a ‼️rip 
this is a bigger story 
french in saint-denis raid 
thank you , loyal friend . 
new : a french police dog was also killed in the raid in paris . - story via 
have you seen this story ? it's been trending on social media today with we've got this plus more ... 
may diesel's memory be a blessing 


obama : turkey has the right to defend itself - 
obama , turkey has right to defend airspace if greece did what turkey did ? 
. on downing of russian jet : turkey has the right to defend its airspace 
rt new twist on the annual " obama pardons turkey " story 
rt . russia is welcome to be part of the coalition but propping up assad is a problem https://… 
rt perhaps if there were actual declarations of war , there would be less confusion and more cooperation . … 
hell no obama , this is a bad call . shame . 
rt . & i agree removing assad from power is best way to bring peace to syria https : … 
rt unbelievable ! obama defends turkey , blames putin over downing of russian fighter jet 
its so obvious .! : turkey has the right to defend itself and its airspace 

remember , boy and girls ... this is in our so-called more sophisticated and enlightened post-racial 21st century ... 
love in the face of racism 
mixis food for thought : ' love in the face of racism ' when karen garsee picked her 5-year-old daughter up from ... 
love in the face of racism love without boundaries . 
love in the face of racism unbelievable !! 
rt love in the face of racism 
a day in the life of interracial families 
this is 21st century , why would folks still perpetuates racism ? well , i'm neither surprised nor ignorant of that ... 
what . the . fuck . am i reading ? just a heads up , you know , in case you forgot . 
nasty caol burning scum bitches ! 
very interesting article to read about the reality of interracial relationships in the us . 


honduras detains 5 syrian men traveling with fake passports . 
honduran police said they detained 5 syrian men who traveled with fake passports . 
honduras detains 5 syrians over fake passports - 
thank you honduras ! 
honduras detains 5 syrians over fake greek passports 

rt the real focus of the gop campaign ? iowa , not syria ( via 

french comedian dieudonne sentenced for hate speech 
french comic dieudonne sentenced for ' inciting hatred ' in show 
comic sentenced for ' inciting hatred ' 
a french comedian jailed for offensive speech . growing of americans believe that speech should be illegal here . 
rt comic sentenced for ' inciting hatred ' 
thanks to for the tip : dieudonne , of quenelle infamy , is off to prison 
mccarthyism and stasi state censorship all rolled into one . . . . 
this is totally insane and makes me glad i live in the us : 
don't know or care what he said , it's still wack ... french comic sentenced for ' inciting hatred ' in show 
charlie hebdo : cartoons incite hatred , receives awards . muslim comic : comedy incites hatred , receives prison term . 
just kind of saw this flit through my feed , but dieudonne ( the quenelle guy ) is going to prison 
controversial comic sentenced for ' inciting ' in show 
so he gets punished for saying something about jews , but charlie hebdo can insult 
don't take this country for granted . 
oy vey , never forget ! 
if it were up to most of these moronic 20 somethings on twitter , this would happen in america too ... 
paradise ! 
this is crazy . 

why blacks believe in the american dream more than whites 
raise in benefit & more than whites 
who believes in the american dream more ? - cnnmoney 
why believe in the more than - cnnmoney 
exclusive poll : blacks + hispanics believe in the american dream more than whites via 
why blacks , hispanics believe in american dream more than whites , despite worse financial woes great piece by 
so true 
blacks , hispanics dream big , earn less 
why blacks believe in the more than whites : via 
interesting given the current political climate : why blacks & latinos still believe in the dream via 
rt nowthised : exclusive cnn poll : blacks + hispanics believe in the american dream more than whites via luhby cnnm … 
cnnmoney : rt nowthised : exclusive cnn poll : blacks + hispanics believe in the american dream more than whites via … 
brookings institution senior fellow : blacks & hispanics more optimistic about the future than whites . 
why blacks believe in the more than whites : via lu … 
belief in the differs by & 
blacks believe in american dream more than whites 

abused and in and out of foster homes , laquan mcdonald's tragic life 
laquan mcdonald was in pain and danger long before he encountered jason van dyke : 
heartbreaking : abused and in and out of foster homes , mcdonald's tragic life 
heartbreaking : abused and in and out of foster homes , mcdonald's tragic life cnn 
abused , in & out of foster care-many in laquan mcdonald's life failed him 
abused & in foster homes , " tragic life " his family treated him like a dog 
laquan mcdonald's short , tragic life 
rt tragic story for sure . it also angers me he was abused in own home . tough upbringing … 
chicago tragedy : reports details on very difficult life had in his childhood . heartbreaking . 
tragic story for sure . it also angers me he was abused in own home . tough upbringing for sure . 
rt no they don't , he was a ward of the state . abused in his own home when take … 
no they don't , he was a ward of the state . abused in his own home when taken way . 
why did chicago pd have to be sued before releasing the execution video ? 
chicago to paid $5m to mcdonald's mother , the one who abused & neglected him . she didn't even have to sue . 
obama should address child abuse & neglact of so many kids by their own relatives , as well as state foster homes . 
in 2000 , child welfare dept investigated alleged abuse of laquan happening in the foster home . 
laquan was hurt over and over from 3yrs old by those who were closest to him . 
a lot of people in this world fall through the cracks . there but for the grace of god ... 2 of 2 
sad read from about how was failed from day he was born until the day he died . 

rt social media rallies around charlie sheen after hiv announcement 

' kenya's ' pope holiday ' puts church and state too close for comfort ' 
' kenya's ' pope holiday ' puts church and state too close ' via 


davis cup final : belgium on top after goffin rallies 
davis cup final : great britain , belgium tied after first day 

little girl has ' rare ' multi-organ transplant 
girl's rare multi-organ transplant 
you were quoted in an article by 
your tweet was quoted by 
your tweet was quoted in an article by 
over joyed , what a miracle . but also , need to keep the donor family in our thoughts and prayers . 💕 
praying for kyree ❤ ️ ❤ ️ 
god bless her and her donor's family - young girl has ' rare ' multi-organ transplant 

found guilty of wife's murder after posting photo on facebook 
husband found guilty after posting corpse photo - facebook 
" far , far too often this kind of domestic violence leads to injury and death . that's why we all must end all ... 
husband found guilty after posting corpse photo on facebook 
facebook murder photo : husband found guilty in death - 
guilty verdict in facebook killing 
justice has been served 
what idiot posts a murder on facebook ? 
florida man who posted a photo of his dead wife's body on facebook was found guilty of murder . 
florida man found guilty of wife's murder after posting photo on 

what europe needs to solve the refugee crisis 
will europe choose to live in fear ? 
what europe needs to solve the human crisis - cnn international 
what europe really needs to solve the crisis , view by 
rt what europe really needs to solve the crisis , view by … 

rt . governors are " our last line of defense " against isis 

rt officials : u.s. airstrike in afghanistan mistakenly targeted hospital instead of nearby taliban site . 
" ... supposed to be targeting a nearby compound suspected of housing taliban gunmen , not the hospital . " 

france : document shows fear of radicalized airport workers 
france : document shows fear of radical airport workers as early as 2004 
more trouble in france , document prove france has radicalized airport workers 

what it costs to produce oil 
what it costs to produce oil via 

here's how you celebrate - 



markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane 
rt markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane 
markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane via uil team should follow this story ! 
markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane november 24 - cnnmoney 
markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane - cnnmoney 
markets retreat after shoots down warplane : via 
breaking news ! dip after shoots down via 
turkish markets dip after shooting-down of russian warplane via 
markets dip after russian warplane downed 
markets dip after shoots down russian warplane via 
markets retreat after shoots down warplane : via … 

isis says it's behind deadly shiite mosque attack in bangladesh 


19 ways travel can change your life 
this can make you sexier , richer , funnier 
sexier , richer , funnier : 19 ways travel can change your life 
19 ways travel can change your life expand your world . 
to travel can make you sexier , richer , funnier . baaam ! 
19 ways travel can change your life ( via 
19 ways can change your life 
makes you sexier , richer 
if and aren't enough 
this can make you sexier and richer 

officials : attack on paris financial district planned 
another attack could have been hours away 
2nd paris attack may have been foiled 
paris attacks : financial district may have been target - 
- paris attacks : more terror attacks by mastermind were hours away , on paris financial district 
officials : 2nd paris attack foiled 
french authorities say that another attack on the financial district of la defense could have been hours away 
paris attacks : financial district may have been a target 
new suspect in paris attacks 
secure options consulting llc 
paris attacks : alert issued for another suspect 
second paris attack on financial district could have been hours away 
apparently some folks will not stop until they are stopped . unfortunate . 

rt charlie sheen expected to make a " revealing personal announcement " on " today " show this am … 

trump's denial challenged by reporter 
reporter is a poor pissy wittle man can't take the heat woosie boy 
now denial challenged by reporter 
he represents everything bad about america . intolerant , insensitive , insecure , brash . we only listen b/c he has $$ 
i am the last person to support trump , but please stop showing only photos that make him look lunatic via 
black friday madness turns violent via 
. denial challenged by reporter via 
donald denial challenged by reporter november 27 - cnnmoney 
hussein's paving the way for isis to destroy america . queen of lies hillary clinton is trying to get elected to ... 
is there anyone left who trump hasn't insulted ... oh yeah ... gun-toting rednecks . 
trump on the reporter he mimicked : " he should stop using his disability to grandstand " 
to be clear , if you support trump for president , you are dead to me . 
everyone seems to call him " mr. trump " , but says that " donald and i were on a 1st name basis " 
reporter w disability challenges claim that candidate doesn't know him . were on " first name basis . " 
donald trump denies knowing reporter whose disability he is accused of mocking , but reporter serge kovaleski says he and trump were on a " first name basis for years . " 

new donald trump campaign ad mentions paris attacks - 
new campaign ad mentions via 
self-funded buys radio , no tv . his post-paris spot : when he's prez , " no one will mess with us . " is it that simple ? 
rt trump talks in latest round of radio ads hitting early states : 
pmorris153 : rt cnnpolitics : new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions via jd … 
maggienyt : rt cnnpolitics : new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions via jdi … 
rt cnnpolitics : new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions via jdiamond1 
trumpbma2016 : rt cnnpolitics : new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions via … 
bray_anabel : rt cnnpolitics : new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions via j … 

rt investors shaken by find safe haven in german markets 

parisians take back their cafes and bars 

the fastest place in the world 
we made it in the website ! awesome article with gareth herincx - thank you for a great story for 
the fastest place on earth 

8-year-old girl battling rare breast cancer - 
at the very least , let's all prayer for this little lady 
girl rare cancer 
meet chrissy turner : at just 8 years old she is battling a rare form of breast cancer 

mourning moon - 
when the ' mourning moon ' rises , let things go 
rt the will be in the sky tonight : will you be watching ? share your images with 
as the ' mourning moon ' rises , let things go - 
the will be in the sky tonight : will you be watching ? share your images with via 

stop blaming president obama for the dumb shit george bush and the republican party did that got us in this mess ... 
rt how did isis grow so fast ? see special tonight at 9pet cnn 
blindsided : how did isis grow so fast ? - cnn video 

paris attacks ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud dead 
nine detained in belgium raids connected to probe , belgian authorities say . 
rt more : abdelhamid abaaoud killed in saint-denis raid , id'd by fingerprints , officials say . … 
rt source : search for paris attacks suspect salah abdeslam extended to the netherlands 
rt ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud linked to 4 foiled attacks since spring , french interior minister says . … 
rt suspected paris attacks ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud is dead , french authorities say . … 
rt abaaoud is killed , but his network is still at large 
rt morocco's intel agency told french that abdelhamid abaaoud was in france , source close to probe says . … 
french interior minister on death of planner following raid : " the target was achieved . " 
interesting . 
. prosecutor : ringleader , abdelhamid abaaoud , dead . 
planner killed in wednesday’s pre-dawn raid of saint-denis apartment ; body positively id’d by officials 
rt " we don't know why he was shot so many times " hahahaha 
rt ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud dead . here's more about his background … 

rt don't " scapegoat " catholic bishops and evangelicals say 

new charlie hebdo defiant cover : ' screw ' the terrorists 
charlie hebdo : ' screw ' terrorism keeping drawing the shit out of them 
hebdo cover : ' screw ' the terrorists 
charlie hebdo publishes defiant cover after the paris attacks : 

rt . on " is a joke " 
chris christie : obama ' created the refugee crisis ' in syria 
christie is an unfit governor . toss him . 
chris christie : obama ' created ' syrian refugee crisis - - 
rt amusing that the christie narrative is " scrappy comebacker " and not " desperate clown " … 

fifa : soccer governing body donates watches worth $1.4 m to charity - cnn 
fifa donates $1.4 m worth of watches to charity 
new fifa donates $1.4 m worth of watc ... 
wine 
danby fifa donates $1.4 m worth of wat ... 
dell fifa donates $1.4 m worth o ... 
hero4 fifa donates $1.4 m worth of w ... 
fifa : charity given watches worth $1.4 m by soccer body 

tune in tonight at 9p et for a from - targeting terror : inside the intelligence war 
tune in tonight at 9p et for a cnnspecreport from jimsciutto - targeting terror : inside the intelligence war 
notice : tune in tonight at 9p et for a cnnspecreport from jimsciutto - targeti … 
( via ) cnn : tune in tonight at 9p et for a cnnspecreport from jimsciutto - targeting terr … 

rt . on not even 5-year-old orphans 

who's bombing in syria ? 
rt putin calls plane's downing by turkey ' stab in the back ' 
rt putin : downing of a " stab in the back , " will affect russia-turkey relations . … 
rt turkish military says plane violated airspace ; they responded with f-16s . 
turkey downs russian jet . there is a connection to in this incident . 
rt warplane crashes near turkey-syria border , according to semi-official turkish news agency . 
putin calls jet's downing ' stab in the back ' ; turkey says warning ignored 
rt are we nearing don’t fool yourself ! it could happen ! has proved to be a pretty effective catalyst ! … 
rt turkey says it issued 10 warnings to the russian plane it claims to have shot down . … 
rt turkish military says russian warplane repeatedly violated airspace , ignored warnings . … 
rt congratulations turkey on starting world war 3 . what is wrong with you people . why do you want this war . … 
uk debates bombing syria today . who else is bombing in syria ? find out here . 
rt russian marine killed during operation to rescue pilot whose warplane was shot down by turkey … 
russian jet shot down by turkey ...... 

pope delivers historic mass in kenya . 
pope francis delivers stern warning ahead of paris climate conference : 
pope gives ' catastrophic ' warning 
pope francis delivrs stern warning ahead of summit in paris 
africans cannot afford to remain silent on illegal trade , poaching of elephants for ivory , pope francis says 
pope delivers stern warning ahead of conference . 
one common goal is the 
ge has near $300 billion in debt and is backed by clinton & dems who are broke-ass cons too 
rt pope francis urges religious unity in his first mass on africa trip 
pope basically blames the koch brothers and gop for misinformation and blocking environmental progress on climate ... 
pope francis urges religious unity at mass in africa - 
pope , false prophet no idea what he talk climate change genesis 8:22 . 
the world's funniest looking weatherman delivers stern warning ahead of climate conference in paris 
pope gives ' catastrophic ' climate warning 
omg .. a drinker of kool - aid . :'( 
cnn headine : " pope francis delivers [ a ] stern warning ahead of [ the ] paris climate conference " 
" it would be catastrophic were particular interests to prevail over the common good to protect their own plans ... " 
the ' man ' of god talks about man-made climate crisis . guess even god would be of now help … 
the ' man ' of god talks about man-made climate crisis . guess even god would be of now help on 
pope francis : throngs attend first mass in africa 
pope francis tells it like it is on climate change to the people here in kenya 
rt you hate to say it , but this pope is a great deceiver . 
pope delivers stern warning on climate change no one cares tell truth about history and my family ! 
we have a delusional president and a delusional pope .... surely this is hell on earth 

visits kenyan slum , lashes out at nation's elite 
pope francis slams nation's elite , corruption on his last day in kenya 
pope francis visits kenyan slum , lashes out at nation's elite - 
. has harsh words for kenya's elite and " new forms of colonialism " : 
pope francis : injustices against the poor are " new forms of colonialism " . 
duh , pope goes to kenya , slams diabetics . " too much sugar eats you inside , makes you diabetic " 
could be or visits slum , lashes out at elite 
pope lashes out at kenya's elite 
what a blessed thanksgiving gift you are , francis ! heaven-sent . 
read how has influenced the poor great reporting 
pope lashes out during africa trip 
thanks pope ! it's long time africa's elite be held responsible for their corrupt ways 

two arrested in connection with last week's deadly attack on hotel in mali's capital . 
rt 2 arrested in connection with last week's attack on hotel in mali's capital 
🇨🇦🇬🇧🇸🇪🇺🇸🐢😝👷🏼🍀in connection 43🙈💉🔥 deadly attack on hotel in😼🐥💩🙈👧🏽🎩🇫🇷xma$$ 👅🗽⚠️ 
mali arrests 2 suspects in hotel terror attack - 


great gadget gifts for $100 or less 
great tech gift ideas from for under $100 includes creative mobile kit for smartphones . 
our creative mobile kit is featured on " great gadgets for $100 or less " check it out here : 


' i still believe in the american dream . ' 
i still believe inthe american dream - cnnmoney 
6 cities in 6 days . took photos of people who believe in the dream 
what's going on sd ? i still believe inthe american dream - cnnmoney get found -> 
regina believes her kids have a better shot at the than she did 
insights into the american dream , featuring people from our new survey on race 

iowa poll : not now chief rival via 
iowa poll : after attending insane anti gay rally , wacko-bird , not carson , now trump's chief rival 
ted cruz has replaced ben carson as donald trump’s chief gop presidential primary rival in iowa . a quinnipiac ... 
iowa poll : ted cruz , not dr. ben carson , now donald j . trump's chief rival via eric bradner 
iowa poll : cruz now trump's chief rival 
iowa poll : cruz , not carson , now trump's chief rival . 
iowa poll : cruz , not carson , now trump’s chief rival via 
iowa poll : ted cruz , not ben carson , now donald trump's top rival - 
cruz wins my vote for " most punchable face " poll : cruz , not carson , now trump's chief rival 
a survey i just saw has cruz almost neck and neck with trump . trump at 25 , cruz at 23 . 
cnn is run by stupid/incompetent communists . : cruz , not carson , now trump's chief rival 
sen. tied with for 5th in latest presidential poll via 
so , on one hand we could vote for thurston howell iii or eddie munster ... is this a 1970's sitcom ? -- kdawg ... 
i know many people that are favorable towards and i won't fault them , it's their choice . however , i see ... 
iowa poll : insane ted cruz , not crazy carson , now trump's chief rival 

11 things you'll fight about this thanksgiving 
11 things you'll fight over this thanksgiving 
11 things to fight over this thanksgiving 
here's a list of eleven pretty humorous ( and true ) things that you may find yourself arguing about : 
keep track and tell me next week how many your family checked off this list -- go ! 

rt " i would tell him to surrender " says brother of paris suspect salah abdeslam to … 

with starting earlier and earlier , is the new do you even like the extra time ? 
toys ' r ' us , amazon and walmart race to start 
is your website ready for cyber monday ? 
toys ' r ' us , amazon and walmart race to start cyber monday via 
with sales starting earlier and earlier , is the new do you even like the extra time ? 
cyberwar for consumers spend is intense 
race to start cyber monday november 25 - cnnmoney withi ncreases online sales , logistics is a big deal ! 
toys r us , amazon and walmart race to start cyber monday $wmt $amzn 
toys ' r ' us , amazon race to start cyber monday 
rt toys ' r ' us , amazon and walmart race to start 
starts early for toys r us , and 

fence jumper detained 
white house 
man jumps white house fence - 
to detain someone who jumped a fence on thanksgiving goes against everything we are as a nation . 
yesterday a badass wrapped himself in america and hopped the white house fence . :) 
rt why was this man detained for jumping the wh fence ? apparently it's ok at the southern border ! … 
wh fence jumper get the best jumpers 2 test this so they can learn what they need 2 do 2 protect the wh 
is jumping the fence and seeing how far you can run a new olympic sport or something ? 
. somewhere an unemployed genx copyeditor is weeping : " ... ' ran through ' her and her sister . " 
the man ran through " she & her sis " ? you're a journalist , right ? 

saved $11 billion on fuel . you saved 8 bucks . 
airlines saved $11 billion on fuel so far this year . you saved ... $8 . via 
why you don't save $ when airlines do 
why you don't benefit from airlines ' fuel savings - cnnmoney 
why you don't save cash when airlines do 
saved $11 billion on you saved $8 bucks . $luv $aal $dal $jblu $alk $va 
that figures in our new world of monopolies ! walgreens just bought rite aid 󾌡 
us saved $11 billion on low cost of saved 8 bucks . via 
airlines saved $11b on fuel . you saved $8 
everyone dealing w/ shit like this & this today , remember this : 
airlines saved $ 11,000,000,000 on fuel ; you saved $8.00 via 
rt airlines saved $11 billion on fuel so far this year . you saved 8 bucks on airfares . happy holiday t … 
airlines saved $11 billion on fuel so far this year . you saved 8 bucks on airfares . happy holiday travels everyone ! 

how one grad cut her student loan debt by $ 20,000 
read how one grad cut her by $20k via 
how one grad cut her student loan by $ 20,000 via 
student loan refinancing totally works and there can be very little downside 
how one cut her student loan by $ 20,000 via 
how one grad cut her student loan debt by $ 20,000 november 24 - cnnmoney 
how one grad cut her student loan debt by $ 20,000 - cnnmoney 
how one cut her by $ 20,000 via 
grad cuts her student loan debt by $ 20,000 . 
rt thinking about refinancing your student loan ? you should be . here's how one grad saved $ 20,000 ! v … 
thinking about refinancing your student loan ? you should be . here's how one grad saved $ 20,000 ! via 

get a grip , people ! 
rt a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in recent months . 
isis books & gifts in denver is vandalized . 
here's your weekend edition of " things bigoted , ignorant idiots do " 
low-iq squad vandalized " isis " bookstore--can't read/comprehend societal basics themselves 
wrong isis : bookstore vandalized 
denver store named isis is vandalized . . . as a stupid hateful fuck believes terrorists have their own bookstore . . 
denver bookstore named isis is vandalized 
either she's really dumb or a terrible business-woman ... or both . solution : change the name of your store . 
ok folks there are 270 business/product with isis name attached they are not affiliated with the terrorist ... 
how ignorant can you be ? 
isis books & gifts , a local new age store , vandalized . it's named after the ancient egyptian goddess isis , folks ! 
more than 270 businesses and products have isis in their trademarks 
what happens when your trademark is adopted by a terrorist organization ? via 
please start calling --> 
bookstore in denver vandalized because of its name . 
denver's isis bookstore vandalized 
please tell me the ' people ' who did this have voluntarily locked the door behind them to our gene pool . 
book store in targeted 
oh dear . “ a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in recent months 
“ a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in recent months . ” 

do supporters comprehend what this is about ? the issues which culminate in 
can we avoid climate apocalypse ? 
shedding light on one of the key of our time . reports on the perils of 
can we avoid a 
disturbing photos show why we need on ! 
rt can we avoid apocalypse ? … 
the whole notion of humans being able to control earth's temperatures is hilarious to me -colossal waste of $ 
is this what the look like if things don't change soon ? 
will most coastal cities be under water ? 
keeping the hyperbole in check ... or not what happened to thoughtful middle ground in these debates ? 
climate apocalypse ? from environment point of view , humans are an invasive species unable ? to self pestcontrol ! 
cop21 in a few days ! and what we actually need is 1.5 degrees and not 2 ! 
" it's probably the most important number you've never heard ... " 
science matters , unless you want to live in the 13th century . . .... 
the world + 2°c : 
dumb ideas to lower earths temp , just in time for a 30 year stretch of lower solar inputs ! 
rt there's no one perfect climate target : just like there's no magic number of cigarettes we can smoke and still be ok . … 
rt article includes commentary by joint program co-director john reilly 

paul ryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety 
ryan : on refugees , balance compassion & safety terrorists have made it clear -will infiltrate to reach the west 
. on refugees , balance compassion and safety via 
paul ryan : on refugees , balance , safety , compassion 
paul ryan : on balancing safety and compassion 
on balance compassion and safety 
rt new op-ed by on " on refugees , balance compassion and safety " 
there are credible persons in syria to vouch for each one ? >> paul ryan : on refugees , balance compassion & safety 
ryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety i hope this is not a smoke screen 2 pacify concerned americans 
rt . cnn op-ed : " on refugees , balance safety , compassion " 
rt house speaker says america can balance compassion and safety w/ refugees : … 
house passed american safe act . background check 
. speakerryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety vi … 
rt essay by - balance security & compassion in addressing 

obama to blame for paris attacks says starwood capital ceo : 
to blame for says starwood capital ceo via 


could this quran curb extremism ? 
" could this new study quran curb extremism ? " - cnn 
ppl attempt to alter unalterable book to stop the violence not being committed in its name 
this is what this entire thing has been about 
this would be a great addition to a home library . i had an old version of the quran , back in the early 80s i ... 
" the study koran " : a new translation that could change how the world views islam 
a new sugar-coated quran ? what an embarrassingly apologetic article/concept : 
just saw this on cnn , any thoughts ? 
a book for those who want to understand . 
could this curb extremism ? 
i need more than 140 characters to say how much this guy is off on what he is saying . 
great academic effort ! let's see if it ends 13 centuries of jihad & makes sharia law illegal ! that's be great !! 
quran 2.0 in english ? now they are changing the quran to be less scary ? trying to explain away the horror 
can this help combat " twisted interpretations of by 
ridiculous how people are so desperate to pretend islam is not violently evil . but it is . 
interesting . internal muslim tension on textual criticism , translation theory and interpretation . 
study quran to curb extremism ? 
edit headline : could this translation and commentary of the quran curb extremism ? there is only one quran . one ... 
new quran , ' the study quran , ' battles extremism . by 

parisians resume daily life under tighter security , some fear - cnn 

' shoot us or help us ' : 3 stories from refugee crisis you need to read : 
refugees keep lips sewn shut 
men trapped on the greek-macedonian border have sewn their lips shut in protest 
hundreds of migrants stuck in no man's land .... 
stranded refugees sew lips together in protest 
syrian refugees : 3 stories you need to read - - 
' shoot us or help us ' : 3 stories frm refugee crisis u need 2 read - there's no doubt as 2 conservative's answer 
iranians have sewn their lips closed in protest . ' shoot us or help us ' : 3 stories from the 
keep lips sewn shut . only refugees from allowed in . 
' shoot us or help us ' : tears and trauma in migrant crisis : they are among some 1,300 migrants , nanou said , who ... 
' shoot us or help us ' : 3 stories from crisis you need to read 
10 migrants literally sew their lips shut in protest against being blocked by europe . 
3 stories from refugee crisis i am supergluing my asshole shut until no one is allowed into the u.s. here i go ! 
turning your back on the world's refuges is un-american and cowardly . ' shoot us or help us ' 
on remember , if you're not you're how do you turn your back on this ? 
' refugee crisis you need to read there are muslims countries closer that can take them but will not . 
keep ' em sown up , works for me 
10 iranians in europe having a hunger strike ? it's like a slow motion version of this : 
3 you need to - - 
iranian refugees sew their mouths shut in protest : stories from refugee crisis you need to read 
keep lips sewn shut as frustrations mount 
you people are nothing but useless trash that need to be dumped out to sea for a school of sharks to shit out ! 
don't expect any sympathy from the real u.s citizens dont expect any of us to give a fuck about you trashy fucks * 
shoot those fucking asses ! american citizens do not want you people in our country ! scram sam rot in the fuckin can !!! 
russia can end all of this , right now . dump , assad !!! 
homeless invade after bush gave to 

4 reasons russia and turkey can't afford a trade war 
4 reasons and can't afford a war - cnnmoney 
4 reasons russia and turkey can't afford a trade war via 
just another proof that politics exist to serve economy , mainly ! turkey and russia must do the math ! 
4 reasons and can't afford a trade war 
turkey-russia tensions : 4 reasons neither country can afford a trade war 
4 reasons russia and turkey can’t afford a trade war | cnn 


gifford suffered from 
topic : friday night lights " while frank passed away from natural causes this past august at the age of 84 , our ... 
brain disease cte from repeated head injuries can cause changes in personality & judgment & more , 
frank gifford suffered from brain disease cte , family says 
rt frank gifford suffered from head-injury related brain disease cte , family says … 
there are so many others with cte , and tbi/concussions that should be using hbot . 
frank gifford had brain disease 
condolences to the family . and i admire their generous candor . 
from our hearts go out to all families affected by cte . we join those fighting to make the sport safer . 
new information surfaces on brain disease and brain trauma . 
football players are giving up years of their life and good health for millions ... is it worth it ? 


' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow debate 
jon snow lives !! 
' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow d # royalsleadseries 
' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow dead or alive debate 
' thrones ' ad fuels jon snow debate 
jon snow .. king of the white walkers ! or .. just take your pick from all the other wishful thinkers . 
is jon snow dead ? 
i have no idea if jon snow will be alive , dead , or undead next season , but the book never actually says he died . 
" what is dead may never die , " right ? poster fuels jon snow debate . 
john snow lives ! 
he's back . ' you know nothing jon snow ' via 
is still alive ? 

from falls to alcohol-related accidents , here are the most common holiday injuries : 
ouch ! holiday health hazards abound 
ouch ! holiday health hazards abound via 
ouch ! holiday health hazards abound ^ct 
ouch ! holiday hazards abound 
holiday injuries are more common than you think ! be sure your physician's number is saved in your phonebook ! 

there r over 1000 cases open on isis- do u want 2 pay to surveillance- expensive !? fbi babysitters ? 
adviser : " probably right " on disputed 9/11 celebration claim via 
adviser : trump ' probably right ' on disputed 9/11 claim 
adviser : trump ' probably right ' on disputed 9/11 claim of course he said that , he's on trumps payroll ?? 
what saw ... 
is an idiot & should turn in atty card . 
wait , i don't think thats how the truth works . 
donald trump adviser : trump's ' probably right ' on disputed 9/11 claim - 
trump's lawyer says he's " probably right " about the 100% false 9/11 statements he made . what the fuck is happening ? 
trump repeats false 9/11 claim 
" there's no way to say that it wasn't . " that's how donald trump's lawyer defends his lies . just wow ! 
rt top trump adviser on disputed 9/11 claim : " what's important is that there are bad people among us . " 
this is interesting . do you think there was anyone who celebrated on 9/11 or was everyone saddened by what ... 
hey how is it you never go after barack obama , hillary clinton when they tell howling lies , mistruths ? 
whether trump & staff are lying or just wrong is irrelevant . falsehoods and incitement are bad 
rt no he's not 
your sauce is the weakest sauce . bow-out and 
wtf i saw it also . big time in elizabeth new jersey . 
i claim cheered jfk's death . according to his team's logic , there is no way to prove he didn't .. 
generally speaking , this is a poor rhetorical move 
rt this is an odd argument 

rt rep muslims are feeling a need to assert their patriotism after … 

and among obama's honorees - 
almost every obama " medal of freedom honoree " had a racial connotation from him . the vitriol is distinct . 
obama hands out 17 medals 
obama's medal of freedom honorees 
president obama awarded 17 people today the prestigious presidential medal of freedom . 
watching this video was like getting a history lesson ... extraordinary people .... loved the story about the ... 

just how deadly is the - 
the news is reporting the kissing bug is spreading . it is a " true bug " in pest classifications . it can be easily ... 
the kissing bug isn’t as adorable as is sounds . 
go to sleep , my dear . there is nothing to fear , nothing to fear ...... 
should you be worried about the kissing bug ? experts weigh in : 
this isn't what i expected . huh . 
how deadly is the kissing bug ? 
kissing bugs found in 28 states , including and kentucky . how " deadly " is it ? via 


investors shaken by paris attacks flee to germany 
rt investors shaken by paris attacks flee to germany 

what's the matter , racist ? too scared to call out gangbangers for shooting black kids ? 
17 injured in new orleans shooting 
police seek witnesses after shootout at new orleans crowded park during " music video " 
you and had nothng to say about this group shooting on sunday . sleeping ? when do 
rt 16 people shot by thugs in new orleans in 1 nite and we r worried about isis ? go figure ! 
rt multiple people injured after shooting at new orleans park . 
rt gunmen open fire on crowd of hundreds in new orleans . i'm ok with calling it terrorism , are you ? 
- " stop shooting black people , you racist cops ! " - news : " 16 people shot at new orleans ... 
new orleans shooting many wounded - 
17 wounded in new orleans shooting , 5 in minnesota , and we're scared of syrian orphans ? the fuck , people . the fuck . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park 
as i remember it in the 1990s . how can so much joy and art and so much violence go together ? 
police no witnesses 17 injured in shootout park if black lives really matter then speak up you know who it was 
says only nation where this regularly happens . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park . in 
and ur gonna ask for a source so here you go why no ppl talk about this shit 
ya 17 blacks shot by blacks yeaterday at bunny park yet no mention on here why please explain 
why have you not mentioned the 17 blacks shotby other blks at bunny park ? doesnt fit ur narrative . 
lol did u react like this to the 17 black ppl shot at bunny park last night by other black ppl . 
are you also gonna hunt the guys that shot 17 black ppl at bunny park last night ? 
why dont u supposed supporters mention last nights massacre of blacks by blacks ? 
more 
are the black ppl who shot 17 other black ppl yesterday also terrorists . why dont u mention that ? 
why dont u pray for the 17 blacks shot in a park by other black ppl last night in new orleans ? 
black lives matter ... 
y no outrage and protests for 17 black ppl getting shot by other blacks 
why are u not mentioned the 17 black ppl shot in a park last night by other blk ppl 
16 injured in new orleans shooting 
thoughts and prayers to those affected in the new orleans shooting . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured god told you everyday this week until the dismember 
rt police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped … 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped this 
seventeen people were shot in new orleans in a crowded park . 
why worry about americans shoot at themselves . hundreds of witnesses , very few speak out . 
17 injured in park shooting in new orleans . 
how horrible ! 
if blacks reported criminals , america would be a completely different place . 
police seek witnesses after shootout at crowded park - someone knows something . come on !! 
" police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout " at bunny friend park " hundreds of witnesses " 😞 
if you see nothing , explain how you are not part of the problem . 
i love my hometown . stop the violence . 
rt shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in new orleans via 

kremlin turns down request for turkey meeting 
5 things to know about russian jet shot down by turkey 
5 things you need to know about russian jet shot down by turkey 
5 things you need to know about jet shot down by 
" appearing at joint press conference tuesday in the white house , obama and hollande urged a de-escalation of the ... 
russian fighter jet shot down by turkey , one pilot shot dead the other missing . this could escalate . 
5 things about russian jet shot down by turkey but still i wonder why won't obama let france go nato 
5 things you need to know about shot down by 
syria becomes more complicated . 
5 things to know about downed russian jet 
5 things to know about turkey downed a russian war jet 
russian president vladimir putin says the downing of the jet is a " a stab in the back by the terrorists ' ... 

u.s. general : human error led to the doctors without borders strike 
human error led to msf strike , general says - 
deadly u.s. bombing of afghanistan hospital result of " human error " and technical failures , commander says 
u.s. general : human error led to doctors without borders strike 
human error led to doctors without borders strike , general says 
unreal : sounds sketchy to me ! " us general : human error led to doctors without borders strike oct 3 , 2015 " 
what a terrible tragedy ... " u.s. general : human error led to strike " 
what would happen if russia had done the bombing instead of the us ? they would be treated as criminals , isn't it ? 
u.s. hospital bombing ' human error ' 
we seem to only care when its another country doin the killin . i guess causal reasoning isnt on standardized tests . 
total fucking bullshit . 

acting on tip , police search for suspect salah abdeslam in nw germany . 
alleged ringleader targeted financial district , prosecutor says 
unidentified suicide bomber may have attacked paris restaurants , official says . 
from the we're tracking the latest from brussels , where students are headed back to class ... 
attacks : alleged ringleader targeted financial district , plan thwarted by raid 
new suspect in paris attacks - 
more on the paris tragedy ... where is world peace ?? 🌎✌🏽 
" abdeslam could not have survived so long on the run w/o help " by & 
paris attacks : financial district may have been a target - 
paris ' ringleader ' targeted financial district 
paris attacks : possible suicide vest being analyzed - via 
at least they stopped a few potential attacks ... i wish there was a way for peace . these poor people . 
lets see greco roman terrorist look . these skinny results of 1000yrs of inbreeding and alcoholism just dont cut it 
rt acting on tip , search for in htt … 

combating 
rt at 10 a.m. et — & will take your questions during a live q&a … 
join us today at 10 a.m et for a live q&a about climate change 
rt live in 30 mins — facebook q&a w/ & cnn's on climate → … 
rt do you have a question for or cnn's don't miss their fb q&a : https :/ … 
live now : of answers your q's on facebook with the creator of two degrees project : 
president at the world bank has been heavy on climate change . 
join us today for a live q&a about ... - cnn international | facebook 
got a question for or cnn's ask now : 
likely to impact the poor . what measures r tailored to address this 
rt live : q&a w/ & cnn’s in advance of q on 
not too late to check out the live facebook q&a w/ & cnn's on now : 
live : q&a w/ & cnn’s in advance of ask a question on 
rt live : q&a w/ & cnn’s in advance of ask a question on climate → http … 
rt live : q&a w/ & cnn’s in advance of ask a question on climate → https … 
live now q&a w/ & cnn’s in advance of a question on climate 
rt do you have a question for or cnn's don't miss their fb q&a : http … 

what social media got wrong about the paris attacks . csis388_andy 
debunked : what social media got wrong about paris attacks 
debunked : what social media got wro based business network 
here is what social media got wrong about the paris attacks 
what social media got wrong about attacks same old adage . don't believe everything you read . 
what got wrong 
paris attacks : what social media got wrong 
rt glengilmore : what got wrong 
rt false narratives emerge from paris attacks : ( cnn)along with the universal outpouring of sympathy ... … 

turkey won't apologize for downing russian jet , turkish president erdogan tells 
turkey won't apologize for downing russian warplane , erdogan says 
turkey's erdogan on downing of russian warplane : those who violated our airspace are the ones who need to apologize . 
turkish leader 
erdogan : won't apologize for downing russian jet - 
turkey won't apologize for downing russian jet , erdogan says - 
turkish leader : we'd have to do it again 
erdogan : turkey won't apologize for downing russian jet - 
russian president says misidentification of plane impossible 
won't apologize for downing russian says : via 
no apology for downing russian jet 
turkey : putin making big mistake 
turkey-russia tensions : russia moving missiles to syria - 
the headlines concerning that airstrike are discombobulating to read on thanksgiving ... 
won't apologize for downing turkish president tells via 
turkey says shooting was justified b/c jet was ( supposedly ) in their airspace for . . . 17 seconds ! 
won't for downing says 
no for downing 
putin can't stop stepping into his own russian bear traps ! 
turkey : putin making huge mistake 
won't apologize for downing russian warplane , erdogan says . truth is irrelevant . we are beyond negotiations . 

- 31 beautiful sights on this incredible planet 
earth's most beautiful sights 
look what made # 3 on this list ! currently booking tours for the great migration call or email us ! 3 . the great ... 
petra made it to the list as one of the 30 most beautiful sights on earth by cnn 
a few things this planet has to offer : 

rt what we know about abdelhamid abaaoud , the suspected ringleader of the attacks : … 

ted cruz , on the attack 
ted cruz , on the attack . attack clown . 
ted cruz , on the attack great ... the morons deserve a hero too .. now they have one ... a future loser . 
in light of today's boomletpalooza , read on increasingly in the arena of r-on-r violence : 
. is on the attack via 
cruz begins to split with trump , rubio , carson . but the big q : what exactly is he waiting for to draw real contrast ? 
the 2016 spotlight is turning to the junior senator from texas ... my colleague ' s story : 
new , from west des moines -- ted cruz , who refused to touch contrast with a stick , now finds himself in crosshairs . 

rt the white house holds a call with governors about 
rt white house , governors to discuss syrian refugees this afternoon/evening : 
rt the white house is holding a call with governors about 

rt poll : most americans oppose resettling in the u.s. 

prosecutors : photos show teen disposing of teacher's body - 
this piece of garbage ( i don't mean to offend garbage ) will only be held until he's 21 . 
horrible 
truly a case that screams justice for the victim . execution is not cruel enough for this killer . 
teen ' dumped body ' after rape , murder of teacher 
photos show teen allegedly disposing of body 
ok then . 

adele kills it on ' the tonight show ' 
hello ! kills it on ' the tonight show ' with 
adele kill it on ' the tonight show ' 
in case you missed on 
ok i listened to adele's new album i pre-ordered for two days straight ... and no i'm not tired of it ... 

marines set to spend another $3b on landing vehicles which haven't seen much action since d-day 
to spend $225m on new 
to spend $225m on new amphibious combat vehicles 
. marines may soon get new wheels 
us marines are car shopping 
both bae and saic are in looks like another win for the local economy . 
the marines are spending $225m on new amphibious combat vehicles via 
we talked about hitler's lack of landing craft in wwii . looks like the u.s. has developed something new : 
what marines may soon be coming ashore in 
any other 80s child think the marine acv looks similar to the g.i. joe apc we grew up with ? 
there's a bae systems joke here 

trump faces challenge on eligibility for the ballot 
trump faces challenge on eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
. faces challenges on his eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
already not going to work per statement nhgop chairman at 
trump faces challenge on eligibility for the nh ballot 
wants this . tell him ur thoughts faces challenge on eligibility on nh ballot 
is pushing this . tell him ur thoughts trump faces challenge on eligibility for nh ballot 
stop it faces challenge on eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
trump took an oath and signed a pledge to the challenge on eligibility for the nh ballot 
donald trump faces challenges on his eligibility for the new hampshire ballot - 
may not actually make it on to the republican ballot in new hampshire 
republican candidate donald # trump faces challenge on eligibility for the new ballot 
eligibility for republican ballot to be challenged , hearing planned for tuesday - 

opinion : the have handed a big opportunity to syria's bashar al-assad 
cnn : opinion : the have handed a big opportunity to syria's bashar al-assad 
( via ) cnn : opinion : the have handed a big opportunity to syria's bashar al … 

photos of the downed jet 
turkey-syria border : russian warplane crashes - 
photos of crash 
😸 russian navy grapples with russian threats to undersea cables - navytimes 😸 😿 

rt i'm done . 
donald trump denies mocking reporter's disability 
rt . mocks reporter disability 
rt " you've got to see this guy " donald trump denies mocking reporter's disability via 
donald trump mocks reporter's disability : 
rt the human lizard strikes again 
oh donald trump , the gift that keeps on giving . 
rt nice chap , donald trump . world will be such a more caring place when he is us president 
trump didnt know the guy . gopdemsmsm should getusedtousnotgiving a crap about pc . 
rt donald trump denies mocking reporter's 
donald trump denies mocking reporter's disability ( he's lying again .... thousands of us saw him ) via 
rt donald trump mocks reporter's disability via 
rt " we find it outrageous that he would ridicule the appearance of one of our reporters " 
rt he must want to be an inspirational president : mocks reporter's disability 
trump denies mocking reporter's disability via he'll likely become president unless the gopers kill him . 
rt you should be ashamed of yourselves ! knock off your pathetic rhetoric on it's a lie !!! https://… 
thankful i'm not supporting this pig . 
pick on someone your own size , jerk . 
black friday madness turns via get real . your network is corrupt and failing . looking for publicity ? 
is donald j . trump actually just some kind of hoax to see how much the american people will take ? the new york ... 
donald trump denies mocking reporter's disability november 26 - cnnmoney 
rt through his speeches we've learned is bully , and now a liar . he is morally bankrupt . htt … 
donald trump denies mocking reporter's disability november 26 - maybe he meant " all time most selective memory . " 
it appears obvious that he was , based on the dude's disability . he's back-pedaling . 
all time low for him & that's saying a lot . man he mocked says they've known each other for years ! 
no fing way is right . see his narcissistic response , claiming reporter using disability to " grandstand ? " 
the ' clown car ' just keeps going , even though it's falling apart . 
trump denies mocking disability 
this is who people seriously want as president of the united states ? he's such a child . 
does anyone seriously want this guy for their next prez ?! 
this guy can not be our next he just can't . 
donald denies ' ridiculing ' journalist with a disability . decide for yourself . 

. walks back on his support for disputed 9/11 claim 
carson walks back support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim ..... 
rt . 9/11 claim widely disputed . 
bigots , racists , arrogant a holes ... for u.s. president ... pathetic , and yet media is so sluggish to call their ... 
donald trump's 9/11 celebration claim widely disputed - 
except for own reporting - carson walks back support for trump's 9/11 celebration clm 
that's a lie ! 
nyt’s doesn’t recall anyone saying “ thousands , or even hundreds " celebrated 9/11 : 
no surprise about this . trump is a pathological liar . 
rt trumps claim about celebrations for 9/11 attacks is nonsense . election 2016 = if it sounds true , good enough . … 
literally check cnn and any other major news outlet . example : 
another example of trying 2 lose elections so he can make political deals do rem 5 dancing israelis 
first thought this story was about those shitty fox news broadcasts that were widely discredited as pakistani cric … 
carson apologizes , but trump repeats disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
nothing will change . his poll numbers will jump 30 pts & he'll further lock in the ignorant , racist cracker vote . 
rt pants on fire ! honesty ? none ! no support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
rt carson camp walks back support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim 

could the government shut down over refugees ? 
to show just how strongly some republican legislators feel about a strong vetting program for refugees , rep. matt ... 
in a time like this , our country should be coming together , not falling apart . 
" the fight is [] threatening [ .. ] another gov't shutdown [] as congress must pass a crucial spending bill by dec . 11 " 
this borders on is the president commiting treason by giving aid and comfort to our enimies 
house voting on bill to pause syrian refugee program , but fight moving to must-pass funding bill w/ 
" ... the fight over the [ syrian vetting ] issue is already threatening to set up another shutdown showdown in dec ... " 

mother and father of football analyst doug flutie die within an hour of each other . 
football great doug flutie loses par ... | 
our condolences to local legend doug flutie on the passing of his parents this week . 
damn . 
great loses an hour apart 
nfl great's parents die hour apart 
did you hear this crazy story about doug flutie ? both of his parents died within the same hour today . 
my heart goes out to my childhood hero re : loss of his parents " no eye has seen , no ear has ... 1cor 2:9 " 
doug flutie's parents die within an hour of each other : " they say you can die of a broken heart and i believe it " 

rt . to blame for says starwood capital ceo 

rt what's life like for in the u.s. ? visits iowa to learn more … 

rt honduran police detain 5 syrians over fake passports 
rt cc " honduran police detain 5 syrians over fake passports … 
rt “ honduran police detain 5 syrians over fake passports ” 

so how can you fear for your life when the suspect is walking away from you ? 
laquan mcdonald video : shot teen spins , falls onto road 
another child is dead at the hands of those charged to protect him . 
laquan mcdonald video shot teen falls dead 
chicago police release laquan mcdonald shooting video 
in my book is no authority on factual reporting about brutality against blacks ! is the worst 

cnn : it's a small win ! endorses for president 


rt two air france flights were diverted tuesday night because of bomb threats , officials said . … 

create new strain of 
scientists have developed a new malaria-blocking mosquito . 
interesting article on malaria 
scientists create malaria-blocking mosquito 
scientists create new strain of mosquito 305.932.5557 
great piece of news at last ... 
scientist use to create mosquitoes that block transmission of 
genetically modified mosquito to prevent malaria . 
building an anti-malaria mosquito . dangerous new step against horrible disease 
would love to see this go to market . 
i'm concerned with giving an evolutionary-type advantage to malaria blocking mosquito to replace current ones . 
could this mosquito wipe out malaria for good ? 
malaria is the single most deadly disease preventing real development in poor tropical areas . 

france has apparently been investigating radicalized public transit workers 
source : france has been investigating transit workers - 
france investigating radicalized public transit workers , source says reporting by margot haddad & 
has been investigating radicalized public transit workers , source says 
about time , they should not pray during work france has been investigating radicalized public transit workers , 
intelligence services in france investigating islamist radicalization among workers at main paris airports : 
sympathizers working in airports ? 
source : france has been investigating transit workers & airport airside personnel 
source : france probes transit staff 
rt has been investigating radicalized public transit workers , source says 
french intel services are investigating islamist radicalization among employees of paris airports & public transport 
some are airport employees . here is a prime example of not letting muslims , " refugees " and people who sympathize ... 

this $5 computer sold out in a day 
this $5 computer sold out in a day - cnn 
kickstarter with $5 computer for iot cnnmoney 
sdemians : rt cnnmoneyinvest : this $5 computer sold out in a day … 
rt : rt anantasak : kickstarter with $5 computer for iot cnnmoney 
this $5 computer sold out in a day via lisahopeking 
raspberry pi zero is even smaller than the 1st & powerful . my inner geek secretly wants this . november 27 - cnnmoney 
raspberry pi's $5 computer sold out online in a day 
raspberry pi bests itself with a smaller , cheaper computer that costs $5 . 

turkish journalists arrested on charges of espionage 
turkish journalists charged with espionage . 
rt turkish journalists charged with espionage . … 
really turkey ? 
2 charged with espionage , aiding terrorist organization : via 
2 journalists charged with spying 
2 turkish journalists ( from daily newspaper cumhuriyet ) charged with espionage , aiding terrorist organization 
arrests of 2 journo implies video true : mit intel supplied | in 
arresting 2 journo4 " treason , revealing state secrets " implies scoop true : mit <-> 
" 2 journalists charged with espionage , aiding terrorist organization . " 
turkish journos arrested for espionage 

rt delaware governor : why my state won't turn refugees away 

rt lawmakers turn focus to security in wake of 

rt debunked : what social media got wrong about the 
cnn : debunked : what social media got wrong about the 
debunked : what social media got wrong about the … 

social media hails charlie sheen after hiv announcement - 
social media hails charlie sheen why praise irresponsible behavior ? how many has he infected ? 

rt 129 victims , each with their own story . explore our interactive : 
rt cnn : 129 victims , each with their own story . explore our interactive : 

is self-destructive for a reason , writes for 
is self-destructive for a reason , fridaghitis writes for cnnopinion 

more than 1/2 of nation's governors say syrian not welcome . 
rt 31 states have just said no : " more than half the nation's governors say not welcome " → … 
more than half the nation's governors say syrian refugees not welcome 
rt syrian refugees not welcome here , governors of 16 states say this says a lot 
rt governors of alabama , michigan say their states won't accept from syria . 
rt more than half the nation's governors -- 27 states -- say they oppose letting syrian refugees into their states … 
rt land of the free & the home of the brave [*] . [*] some exceptions apply . offer not valid in tx , la , al , ms , ga … … 
the refusing state governors have a very well founded argument . because of the state of the world the " we love ... 
hall of the nations governors oppose letting minority group syrian refugees in the us 
rt after paris attacks , syrian refugees shunned over terror fears - 
refugees not welcome then what to do with them all ? the world should create a for them . 
u.s. states say they won't admit syrian refugees 
rt 26 say not welcome http … 
rt at least 15 states say they won't admit syrian refugees 
rt ( cnn ) states that will accept colorado , delaware , pennsylvania , vermont , washington . more at … 
makes no sense why they can't take syrian refugee when we took iraq refugee 
i agree 100% with all these states refusing the refugees . i think its too much of a risk to our country . 
" virtually no vetting- there are no databases in syria , no government records . we don't know who these people are . " 
mi gov : mi is welcoming state & proud of immigration history . but 1st priority is protecting safety of residents . 
rt governors of alabama , michigan say their states won't accept refugees from syria . 
thanks , i looked and cnn has reported 31 : although in some less known sites the number is higher . 
syrian refugees not welcome in 31 u.s. states - 
rt . about governors refusing to accept in their states : … 
why do we allow immigrants into this country but not refugees 
into usa nor any country refugees can be absorbed by other ... 
states reject refugees 
most refugees are regular people trying to escape isis !! the children ! i'm horrified and saddened . 
rt after paris attacks , syrian refugees shunned in u.s. - 
not sure what it means to live in a grey state , seems i should live in a yellow state ... 
good grief , us governors … don't you remember who we are ? " give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses ... 
shame on those governors !! useless .... 
rt piece on us states refusing syrian refugees after recent events could be a good topic for projects https://… 
more than half of the states in the u.s are refusing to accept syrian refugees . 
us governors refusal of syrian refugees following tragedy in paris is evidence of intense islamophobia . 
rt not going to vacation in states governed by hateful , anti-american governors . something i can do ! … 

texas seeks a delay in the obama administration's immigration case at 
v&e's interviewed by on texas ' request to delay supreme court immigration case 
texas attorney general , ken paxton , requests a 30-day extension to file a reply brief to on case 
texas seeks a delay in obama administration's immigration case at via 
texas seeks delay in immigration case at supreme 
texas seeks delay in obama immigration case at supreme court 
texas seeks delay in scotus immigration case - 
rt just in : will hear immigration case this term ? maybe not : 
texas seeks delay in obama supreme court immigration case in bid to run out clock on this white house 
texas playing politics , seeks delay in obama immigration case at 
yday texas + 25 states said they needed more time to file immigration brief doj said it would oppose delay : 
rt texas seeks a delay in the obama administration's immigration case at … 
texas seeks in case at supreme court 
seeks delay in case at supreme court - cnn 

albert einstein's special mark on the universe . 
such an interesting read 
einstein is right : your reality is weird 
death is an illusion : albert einstein's mark on the universe via 
this is really cool . imagine meeting someone and being able to look through them at their entire history . kinda ... 
while space and time can independently differ for observers , the 4d space-time reality is the same for everyone 
albert ' s special mark on the 
rt einstein gave us 100yrs ago today ! & … 
hope you will check out my article on yesterday's 100th anniversary of gr 

rt " strong presumption " that a 2nd person linked to the paris attacks is at large , source close to probe says . … 
rt officers shot and wounded during raid seeking suspect in paris terrorist attacks , cnn affiliate bfmtv reports . … 
rt witnesses report gunfire in paris suburb 
rt german police say they've made 5 arrests in operations linked to paris attacks . 
32 photos : paris terror attacks 32 photos : paris terror attacks ... 

protesters to march again friday to ask feds to probe chicago police after teen's killing 
demonstrators want federal probe of mcdonald killing - 
protesters to march in chicago on friday and ask feds to probe mcdonald killing 
protesters to march in on friday and ask feds to probe mcdonald killing - cnn 
protesters target 
laquan mcdonald's killing : black leaders seek fed probe - - 
rt protesters to march in chicago on friday-ask feds to probe killing i thought the feds w … 
protesters to march in chicago on friday and ask feds to probe killing 
even the president says it's disturbing ? then it must me disturbing . 
protesters to march in chicago on friday-ask feds to probe killing i thought the feds were already probing . 
police are trained to be stupid , heartless , kiillers ... in most of this country ! this cop is so full of bs 😬🔥⚡ 

rt . sets long-awaited socialism speech date to compete with … 

rt the gop hopes to seize national security advantage from obama over 

. discriminated against us workers , complaint states . 
no surprise - fired fla . disney it workers file claim that company discriminated against them . via 
< sarc > no us company would ever import cheap foreign labor over american workers < /sarc > 
disney discriminated against us workers ? that's something you don't hear everyday . 
disney sued over anti-american worker discrimination . 
disney giscriminated against us workers , complaint states . . . . . . 
discriminated against us workers , complaint states november 24 - cnnmoney 

bank ceo : a bonus won't make me work any harder 
rt bank ceo : a bonus won't make me work any harder 
. ceo : a bonus won't make me work any harder : $db via 
once a bonus is expected , companies should consider straight profit sharing . tie company and personal perf together 

china defends coal use ahead of paris climate summit 
china defends coal use ahead of climate summit : 
jiang8103 : rt cnni : china defends coal use ahead of climate summit : 
assassi12559790 : rt cnni : china defends coal use ahead of climate summit : 
defends use ahead of - cnn 
defends coal use ahead of paris climate summit - cnn 

rt tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show 

what discrimination looks like now 
working while brown : what discrimination looks like now november 25 - cnnmoney 
working while brown : what discrimination looks like now via 
rt what discrimination looks like now via 
this one gave me a headache from all the face palming 
this is the biggest load of steaming race card i have ever seen 
race & reality in america via 
what looks like now / sharing w/ 
working while brown : what looks like now 
there are still challenges today 
franknatale2 : rt justicevoices : what does modern-day workplace discrimination look like ? tanzinavega explores : and … 
rt what does modern-day workplace discrimination look like ? explores : and she's lookin … 
employment discrimination includes business fear of ellen pao style frivolous discrimination lawsuits via 
rt monica harwell , who is black , says her white male coworkers called her " that bitch " or " the girl " https :/ … 
poll : 49% of americans say racism is a ' big problem ' via 
49% of americans say is a ' big problem ' | 

backs and turkey in russian warplane dispute via 
jebbush backs potus and turkey in russian warplane dispute … 
we need a leader asap 
bush supports turkey in russian war 
typical : bush , rubio backs obama , turkey in russian warplane dispute 
bush backs obama , turkey in russian warplane dispute 
bush sucks up to obama should be the headline . 
idiot backs in russian warplane dispute 

isis is self-destructive , for a very scary reason 
is self destructive , for a scary reason - 
good companion to your op-ed , isis is using ingroup/outgroup dynamics as part of their strategy 
paris attacks : self-destructive ultimate suicide mission end-of-days battle with the west 
the demonic insane strategy of isis 
does isis seem self-destructive , trying to turn the world against it ? here's the very scary reason why . 
opinion : isis ' scary motivation 
thought provoking and chilling . 
i encourage everyone to read this . 
isis will eventually end in the flames of a nuclear fire !!! 
in case you are still in denial on the goals and ends of the ' slims . 
chilling take on motive : isis's long-range vision is of an end-of-days battle with the west 
the must to take down move from and move towards 
ghitis : isis , self-destructive for a reason 
rt say they'll die for prophecy . sad truth is they can no longer bear the angry god meme terrorizing their minds https … 
rt is self-destructive , for a reason 
great read and something a lot of people need to read before jumping to conclusions 
" the passport was a way of provoking the west to turn against refugees . " = bs isis * wants * them for cover : … 
" ultimate vision is an apocalyptic one " you're just now figuring this out ? 
isis wants the world's muslims to feel they are at war with the modern world . it also wants to stop the flow of ... 
my grad prof in islamic theology told us about this perverse ideology in some sects . cant fight fire with fire . 
the paris operation had multiple objectives . the passport a way of provoking the west to turn against refugees 
fuck isis broo 
interesting 
thoughtful analysis : 
rt would love to debate this cnn article on isis strategy : 

edited video overlays clinton laughing onto images of benghazi wreckage 
rt ok donald , this is irresponsible . video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage … 
trump video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage 
. video shows laughing over benghazi wreckage 
trump video shows clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 
donald trump video shows hillary clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 

rt first daughters indulge 
rt wishing all of our followers a 🇺🇸🍗🍴 
rt . thanks his daughters for joining him during 
icymi : the first daughters indulge 
photos : turkey pardoning over the years 
rt . cnnpolitics : never forget : the first daughters indulge . potus ' 

rt police tell cnn raid is underway in suburb ; you can hear gunfire in this video . … 

rt white house issues veto threat over refugee bill 

is ' preying on people's deep-seated fears ' - 
rt bush said activists would never be attacked at one of his events . 
bush : is ' preying on people's deep-seated fears ' . yes , the fear of another bush presidency ! 
bush : trump ' preying on people's fears ' jeb , all republicans prey on people's fears . that's what republicans do . 
trump is ' preying on people's deep-seated fears ' like a mushroom cloud . 
props to for showing compassion and perspective . is the right time to build , not destroy . 
new height wow ! pot -- kettle ; kettle -- pot . forgot bro ? 

chicago protesters march as police release video - - 
chicago police officer charged with murder - 
watch the short " when can police shoot ? " video 
rt a chicago police officer has been charged with 1st-degree murder in the 2014 shooting death of laquan mcdonald . … 
rt chicago releasing video of fatal shooting of black teen 
rt chicago officer who shot laquan mcdonald charged with murder 
rt chicago police officer who shot charged with murder 
we have something worse then sex to deal with in this country 
if they are not murdered on the street like an animal . first 
rt dashcam video of teen's shooting death released 
the face of evil ! chicago protesters march as release video of officer shooting teen . 
besides the fact he did not appear to approach or be near any officer , laquan mcdonald was down after 2 seconds ,... 
sooooooo ... i've heard so many things ... 

rt the first family serves thanksgiving dinner to homeless people , veterans 
obama family serves thanksgiving dinner to homeless and vets 
any time serving veterans is a good thing . his administration's actual non-performance is louder than nice words . 
rt the first family serves dinner to homeless people and veterans … 
obama's serve thanksgiving dinner to homeless and vets - 
& family on thanksgiving holiday serving dinner 2 homeless & veterans @ friendship place homeless center 
thanks and god bless , mr. president barack obama of the united states of america ! 
obamas serve thanksgiving dinner to homeless 
obama family serves dinner to homeless and vets 


bezos to cnn reporter asking " is he right ? " of musk's comments , " no , he's not " replies bezos 
jeff bezos ' rocket lands safely after space flight 
jeff bezos ' rocket lands safely after space flight , creates history . 
travel news : 
cnn reporter asks about elon musk dissing blue orgins rocket " is he right ? " " no , he's not , " says bezos 
this is pretty crazy , 
and we more interested in returning national awards n reducing population on india by sending someone out form here😊 
move over space-x , this start-up just launched - and landed - a reusable space rocket upright . i kid you not : 
things that keep us going to are always good ! 
giant multinational corporations already own the world financial system . now they want to own space . to see where ... 
this is amazing , great work ! cmon elon , you need to get moving ! 
huge win from the team at blue origin ! great work and team ! 
" i think of our competition primarily as earth's gravity " - jeff bezos on blue origins - 
persistence in action : 
welp . 
this just rocks ! wow ! 
jeff bezos ' rocket ship traveled 100 kilometers into outer space landing upright upon its return to earth . 
y'all , soon we're going to be able to buy our first trip to space on amazon . i can't wait . 
wow -- this is a game changer ! 
never saw this happen before . 
we have another new player in the space tourism business ... 

jamar clark shooting : officers ' names released 
protests rage in minneapolis after shoot unarmed black man 
protests ragin in minneapolis after shooting of unarmed black man jamar clark 
protests in minneapolis raging 
shvonne johnson is misidentified in your story . she is . former asst dean of students : 

holiday myths debunked . 
rt holiday myths debunked 
3 holiday health and safety myths debunked . what is actually true and what is not ? read here to find out : ... 
myths debunked : weight gain , suicides , traffic deaths - via 

deserves honorable recognition , and should not be tied to black friday : 
time to pick new 
did you know ' black friday " is also the " native american heritage day " ? 
native american heritage day : time to rethink ( opinion ) - 
read my latest for time to pick a new native american heritage day : 
it's time to pick a new native american heritage day via 

spiders cause a north memphis freakout 
man , cnn has it in for you with all these spider stories . 
spider invasion of tennessee ; not great for arachnophobes ! 
today's big ole ball of no . 
anyone afraid of spiders ? don't go to memphis ... 
dee earley 
real story happening now in north memphis causing town to freakout 
got arachnaphobia ? then avoid north memphis according to this cnn story . 
when i read things like this , it makes me think that needs to research laboratory cations before he travels 
ahhh yeah ... no thank you 󾌯 
thousands of spiders " invade " a tennessee neighborhood ― like a scene from a horror movie . 
i'm calling it . there will be a " north memphis spiders " remix . 
any of you guys get caught in the spider invasion . 
so , may be rethinking the tn trip on the agenda next year ..... 
spiders invade like ' horror movie ' 
insane amounts of spiders are flying around , invading north memphis , tennessee . 
another reason why i like living where i do . sorry memphis . but , that is creepy . 
got spiders ? 
pray for memphis . 
" real story happening now in north memphis causing town to freakout " 😨 
this must be " nope of the decade " for arachnophobic friends : 
this is , unquestionably , my greatest fear . 
nightmares ... 
just one of the many reasons i will never live in memphis : 
half mile long spider web ! 
spiders invade like ' horror movie'-nuke this city ! please leave now if u aren't a spider 
whoa . whoa . not cool , guys . 
the good news : i'm quoted in a cnn story above the fold on their website ! the bad news : there’s a typo in my tweet ! 
ur gonna love this : 
you gotta pull sound bites from this : 
webs a half mile long !? yikes ! 
spider invasion in memphis ! you know who to call if it ever happened in southern arizona ! 
oh my .. 
along came a spider ... followed by many more & i'm so glad i don't live in memphis , tn right now !!! 
" the spiders are coming from a nearly half-mile-long web ... " and i never slept again . 

muslim marine's response to donald trump goes viral 
muslim marine hits back at trump 
politics in the u.s. are turning into a joking matter ! people of the u.s. need to work together to get ... 
muslim marine's response to trump goes viral 
donald trump and the likes of him should be disqualified from running for office . unconstitutional ideas have no ... 

rt could the have been prevented ? takes a closer look 
rt cnn : could the have been prevented ? nicrobertsoncnn takes a closer look 

after terror , should paris climate talks go on ? 

crisis : fear and hope in the heartland . 
" cedar rapids is home to the oldest mosque in america . " it's not every day and share the same headline . 
syrian refugee crisis very interesting read on syrians who are already citizens of the us 
cedar rapids , iowa : home to the oldest mosque in america and a large syrian community 
reporting from the city with the oldest in 

professors neil boothby and lindsay stark explain why the refugee debate has missed the point on 
professors neil boothby and lindsay stark say the refugee debate has missed the point on 
how refugee debate misses the point 
80% of are in turkey , jordan & lebanon . why are so many risking the dangerous trip to europe ? 
the mediterranean is the world's most dangerous border crossing . why are so many making the journey ? 
80% of are in turkey , jordan & lebanon . why are many risking the dangerous trip to europe ? 
the big point we miss about refugee crisis 
how today's refugee debate misses the point : 
how can families survive when countries cannot and the does not provide for their needs ? 
current refugee debate misses the point : great insight on a comprehensive approach to the migration challenge 

rt " a must watch for every father , every human rt " france is our home " : … 
rt " france is our home " : watch this french father explain the to his young son … 


rt a few false narratives emerged on social media after what to watch out for : … 

dems , yes , chicago cop should face charges for killing 
dems , bush : yes , chicago cop should face charges 
dems , jebbush : yes , chicago cop should face charges for killing … 
rt . and yes , the cop should face charges for killing https : … 
rt 2016 candidates : chicago cop should face charges in shooting 
2016 candidates and stand strong : yes , chicago cop should face charges 
2016 candidates : yes , cop should face charges 

rt fight against brings putin and together 
finally seems that fight against brings putin and together ” 

rt good article on 
good article on … 
why my state won't turn refugees away - 
rt why my state won't turn away : 
gov : why i won't turn away refugees 
educate yourself 
governor : why i won't turn away syrian refugees 
governor of delaware dropping truth bombs : 
what maturity looks like ... take note 
" law is not law , if it violates the principles of eternal justice . " sounds like jesus . 
any " human being " should salute " why my state won't turn away " 
if it were my kid . 
bring the women n children the men 18 n above should be in the militaries of the nation's they are from to help ... 
why delaware gov jack markell , a democrat , will accept refugees 
rt beautifully said and soundly reasoned . 
gov . jack markell : delaware will accept refugees 
you think you know your friends , countrymen until they rally up hate and fear mongering to allow this to happen ... 
rt good for kate brown and jay inslee and jack markell : 
hey this is what leadership looks like : 
we have a moral responsibility . turning away refugees is not the answer . 
openly said on that he'd only let christian refugees in the country . very sad . 

sarah palin : governors ' last line of defense ' against isis 

historic images show native american way of life 
some native americans lived like this - some native americans lived like this 
how some native americans lived 100 year ago 
from 1907 to 1930 , edward s . curtis documented native american tribes and their way of life 
historic images of native american life 
how native americans lived 
for everyone celebrating thanksgiving , remember to thank the natives who had to give up their way of life so you ... 
photos showing around 1903 
always interesting ... 
very cool captures . historic images show way of life 
historic images by edward curtis show native american way of life 
how native americans lived 100 years ago 
these edward curtis photographs are amazing 
the photographer edward s . curtis spent three decades documenting the lives of native americans , in the early 1900s . 
historic images reveal native way of life 
an amazing collection of edward curtis images . 
gives context to the ruthless savages portrayed in pulp fiction , doesn't it ? 
honored to have such a profound and moving show at the taft this past summer . 
amazing images of life . they were here first ... 
love this piece on today on native americans , especially since i'm part cherokee . 
images of way of life 

takes harsh political rhetoric against the gop abroad -- and some aren't pleased " 
( via ) cnn : . potus takes harsh political rhetoric against the gop abroad -- and some aren … 

. on being a senator : " i would be like a caged tiger " via 
i believe jeb is past his prime . i lack confidence in him to win in 2016 . 
jeb bush : ' i would be like a caged tiger ' 🙄 
dingus ass-hat jeb bush : ' i would be like a caged tiger ' - cnn 
fav hed of the day : jeb bush : ' i would be like a caged tiger ' via 

rt officials : cell phone believed used by paris attacker found ; contains message to the effect of : ' we're ready ' - http … 
rt french police analyzing video that may show a second suspect in paris attacks . 
latest developments in paris attacks 
latest : france pounds isis in syria ; german police arrests five 
rt officials : cell phone believed used by paris attacker recovered . contains message to effect : ok , we're ready . … 
rt cell phone believed used by paris attacker found ; contains message to the effect of : ' we're ready ' , officials say https … 

rt charlie sheen tells nbc's " today show " on tuesday that he is hiv positive 

rt back to the bistro ! after restaurants try to bounce back 

vladimir putin is offering a $50 million reward for information on egypt plane bombers " 

oops he did it again . dopey flubs jefferson's role in the constitution 
. flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution via 
another gotcha goes up in smoke , cnn . carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution 
carson flubs jefferson's role in the constitution 
updates carson/jefferson story to mention letters jefferson wrote and bill of rights 
updates carson/jefferson story to mention letters and bill of rights 
updates carson/jefferson story to mention the letters jefferson wrote and the bill of rights with 
rt cnnpolitics : . realbencarson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution vi … 
rt carson flubs jefferson's role in the constitution 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution dr ben is a dangerousperson not pres material 
so , no comment from the media on obama and the 57 states . 
carson flubs thomas jefferson oh dear god this man is such an idiot ! every time he opens his mouth 
might think muslims can't be president but i don't think we should allow people who don't know history 

man builds plane using youtube , will fly it to his own wedding 
this is the story of a young , determined ethiopian to see his dreams fly . literally . 
love makes u do crazy ~ jg firs t-t ime flier to pilot homemade plane to wedding 
in future news : a guy died in a crash on the way to his wedding , in a first-flight of his … 
groom builds plane , flies to wedding 
man to fly plane , homemade with help , to wedding . by 
brilliant !!! man builds plane using youtube 
i wish this man much success ! 
nothing should ever stop us to pursue our dreams ! 
told he's too short for flight school , ethiopian man builds own airplane : " i am very sure that i will fly . " 
aiming high : ethiopian public health grad “ too short ” to be a pilot , builds own airplane from scratch . 
man who's never flown before builds plane from scratch ... but will it fly ? 

no . 2 believed banished by 
north korea's no . 2 banished by kim jong un ? 
has kim jong un exiled his no . 2 ? 
no . 2 to north korea's has vanished , but likely just getting re-educated instead of killed . 
leader kim jong-un purges another party leader ; his second in command . … 
oh , choe ryong hae , not like this : 
north korea's no . 2 believed banished why wont someone take this dictator down , n . korea is worthless 
asking questions about disappeared people ... no point in that . 

rt 3 suspects dead , 3 officers hurt after police raid in suburb , official tells cnn … 

from new york to tokyo , this artist recreates cities entirely out of paper 
this is absolutely incredible - cities made of paper . 
from new york to tokyo , this japanese artist recreates cities entirely out of paper 
this is amazing ! i wish i could follow her work in your app 
paper cities ?! 
from to this recreates cities entirely out of 
artist makes tiny cities out of paper - 
neat ! matsui created tokyo based on memories from her youth , growing up in the city during the 1980s . check out ... 
amazing miniature cities made of paper and glue - 
incredible : cities constructed entirely from ... 

ntl reaches out to youth via & are you ? 
coming to college football via snapchat - 
cruz buys ads on snapchat for thanksgiving football 
rt cruz buys ads on snapchat for thanksgiving football 
first on cnn : buys ads on for thanksgiving football game attendees 
if you're on at the game you'll probably see a ad : 
heading to a sec football game on saturday ? if so , check out the ads on ( via 
ted cruz would like a word with you youngins in sec primary states this weekend . 
love this - buys ads on snapchat for thanksgiving football 
cruz buys ads on snapchat for thanksgiving football this guy knows social media well 
cruz makes the move on snapchat 

competency of viacom billionaire questioned in court 
competency of viacom billionaire sumner redstone questioned in court 
sumner redstone , the aging media mogul who controls viacom and cbs , is at the center of a legal dispute . one side says he is a " living ghost " practically unable to make decisions for himself . the other says he is " engaged and attentive . " 

eagles of death metal praise fans ' heroism in first interview since bataclan attack 
bataclan singer : ' gunfire got closer ... it just didn't stop ' 
eagles of death metal talk about attack . 
eagles of death metal talk about paris attack 
praise fans ' heroism in first interview since attack 
eagles of death metal praise fan's heroism in first interview since bataclan attack 

airport workers strike for $15 an hour - 
rt breaking : workers at on strike to protest unfair labor practices 
rt thousands of airport workers across the u.s. are going on strike tonight . 
airport workers across the country going on strike 
airport workers across the country go on strike 
an hour via 
airport workers going on strike 
workers strike at 7 major airports 
airport workers demanding $15 an hour have gone on strike at seven major airports in the u.s. 
another glorious day of travel 
workers at 7 major airports strike for $15 an hour via 
rt perfect timing thousands of airport workers across the u.s. are going on strike tonight 
thanksgiving air travel gonna be " awesome with an a " rt airline workers strike for $15 an hour november 19 cnnmoney 

chicago protest target : black friday - 
as bad as this shooting was , why did it bring out protesters , but the assassination of a 9 year old boy as ... 
protesters disrupt chicago shopping corridor , ask feds to probe mcdonald killing 
crowds march on chicago's michigan ave for laquan mcdonald on by 
protesters disrupt shopping corridor , ask feds to probe mcdonald killing : 
protesters disrupt chicago's shopping corridor and ask feds to probe mcdonald killing 
seek 
protesters be like : " we're tired of oppressive government . send more government ! " 
protesters to march in chicago on friday and ask feds to probe mcdonald killing 
chicago's black leaders ask us justice department to probe laquan mcdonald killing . 
protesters to march on chicago's michigan ave on friday . black leaders ask feds to probe mcdonald killing 
protests of police shooting continue on 
watch this video . the kid you're protesting for laquan mcdonald 
rt jdrolle : protesters to march in chicago on friday and ask feds to probe mcdonald killi … 
protesters disrupt chicago shopping on ask feds to probe mcdonald killing 

husband of paris victim tells isis : you can't make me hate 
i can't even ... 
that's deep 
good read 
⚠️⚠️⚠️ important !!! ⚠️⚠️⚠️ 
defiant love is extraordinarily powerful . 
the french « la joie de vivre » . . . the celebration of life 
only husband of victim tells you can't make me hate 
hatred is the response that isis wants . violence and hatred solves nothing . 
this is a man who gets it . loses his beloved wife in the paris attacks but refuses to hate ! if he can do it , why ... 
husband of paris victim sends defiant facebook message - 
this is why i will make a trip to paris 
very powerful message from husband of paris victim to isis . " you can't make me hate " 
husband of paris victim : i will not hate you 
husband of victim tells isis he doesn't hate the reality is they don't care , they just want to kill you . 
absolutely beautiful : the husband of victim tells isis : you can't make me hate 

mali attack : night patrol in heart of bamako 
on the night patrol in mali - 
on the night patrol in the heart of 

. ridicules over foreign policy 
cnn : . realdonaldtrump ridicules realbencarson over foreign policy 

