rt at least 31 killed , 72 hurt in bomb blast in nigerian city of yola , local red cross official says . 
rt police : suicide bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
police : bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
what's going on in nigeria is beyond sorrowful ; no word can actually described the lamentable situation that ... 
bomb blasts in yola and kano , nigeria , - 
two bomb attacks in 24 hours -- one of them involving an 11-year-old female bomber -- killed dozens of people and ... 
let's not forget .... police : bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
rt let's be sure to lift up the as fiercely as we lift up 
bomb blast kills dozens in nigerian city of yola - 
police : suicide bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market - cnn 
why do people keep posting that these horrors are not being reported by the major news media ... 

russia to suspend its visa-free system with turkey on january 1 , russian foreign minister says . 
turkish prime minister strikes conciliatory tone after downing of russian 
moscow says radar data shows ' ambush ' on warplane 
turkish pm nor nor is fighting seriously . 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( russia to suspend its visa-free system with turkey on january 1 , russian ... 
rt what does the downing of russia's jet mean for turkey ? reports : 
is a liar , a proven liar as a matter of fact . 
kremlin said friday that turkish president recep tayyip erdogan had requested a meeting with russian counterpart vla … 
rt russia to suspend visa-free system with says . turks will miss out on siberian winter vacations ! 😱 http … 
strikes conciliatory tone after downing of russian jet if this is conciliatory , what is punch in the nose ? 
rt turkish prime minister strikes conciliatory tone after downing of via 

a pennsylvania officer was shot to death after responding to a call about a domestic dispute , authorities said . 
pennsylvania police officer killed after responding to domestic dispute 
rt another leo down . prayers going up 
rt a pa cop killed last night . doing his job . reminder w all the cop-bashing going on , it's a dangerous job . prayers . https … 
another one down . 

health panel says world health organization mishandled ebola outbreak response . 
the is out and gaining nationwide coverage . 
ebola crisis : who slammed by panel over slow response 
ebola crisis : who slammed by harvard-convened panel over slow response 
" ebola crisis : who slammed over poor response " 
ebola crisis : who slammed over slow response 
crisis : slammed by harvard-convened panel over slow response 
46 . public health : 2014 - 2015 ebola epidemic , harvard university : who slammed by harvard panel over slow response 
thanks sterling -- and here's the link to the coverage of our report : 
the report is in . who's greatest failure re : ebola was waiting too long to act . 
health panel says world health organization mishandled outbreak response , rpts : 

boko haram overtakes isis as world's deadliest terror group , report says 
rt global terrorism is on the rise , obama has no strategy to combat it : 
rt deaths from global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , according to a new report . … 
we are finished ! 
rt think the enemy has been " contained ? " think again . this new report says otherwise . 

rt we know that when charlie sheen admitted that he is hiv-positive , bill had kittens … 
charlie sheen says he is hiv-positive 
rt charlie sheen to " today " : i've paid millions to people who extorted me over hiv diagnosis . … 
rt charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . 

rt protesters shut down minneapolis interstate in response to fatal police shooting . 
rt shooting protests shut down i-94 
jamar clark shooting : videos don't show complete incident , police say cops/police/ police federation are liars ! 

black religious leaders : no trump endorsement . 
trump cancels event with pastors 
black religious leaders say there is no planned endorsement 
black religious leaders : no donald trump endorsement - - 
we assume jack black won't be endorsing him , either --- 
showing his true colors , trumps cancels meeting with black religious leaders who won't endorse himt 
black religious leaders : no endorsement 
conf cancelled when realized that black ppl expected to actually speak cnnpolitics 
rt black religious leaders invited to meet deny plans to endorse him … 
( cnn)donald trump canceled a press conference with black pastors monday after some of the invitees rebutted his ... 
rt trump says he doesn’t know why black pastors wanted to meet today , but he expects some will still endorse him : … 
rt trump camp said last week 100 black religious leaders would endorse him monday . a shock ! except it's not true : … 
rt very public common knowledge on saturday why & not one real black pastor on http … 
rt why & didn't you have a single real black pastor on or … 
' i have a great relationship with the black pastors , i know many of them . ' 
more lies . why did anyone even believe this was legit ? 

rt yakuza boss of japan's largest gang syndicate found bludgeoned to death . 
japanese gang boss found beaten to death 

17 injured in new orleans shooting 
in seek after 17 injured in at crowded 
can we see the response from the dem cand to this news ? 9yr old : no 17 shot : 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park 
nope . that's your game . 
nope . yours is . 
what's the matter , racist ? too scared to call out gangbangers for shooting black kids ? 
police seek witnesses after shootout at new orleans crowded park during " music video " 
you and had nothng to say about this group shooting on sunday . sleeping ? when do 
rt 16 people shot by thugs in new orleans in 1 nite and we r worried about isis ? go figure ! 
rt multiple people injured after shooting at new orleans park . 
rt gunmen open fire on crowd of hundreds in new orleans . i'm ok with calling it terrorism , are you ? 
- " stop shooting black people , you racist cops ! " - news : " 16 people shot at new orleans ... 
new orleans shooting many wounded - 
17 wounded in new orleans shooting , 5 in minnesota , and we're scared of syrian orphans ? the fuck , people . the fuck . 
as i remember it in the 1990s . how can so much joy and art and so much violence go together ? 
police no witnesses 17 injured in shootout park if black lives really matter then speak up you know who it was 
says only nation where this regularly happens . 
and ur gonna ask for a source so here you go why no ppl talk about this shit 
ya 17 blacks shot by blacks yeaterday at bunny park yet no mention on here why please explain 
why have you not mentioned the 17 blacks shotby other blks at bunny park ? doesnt fit ur narrative . 
lol did u react like this to the 17 black ppl shot at bunny park last night by other black ppl . 
are you also gonna hunt the guys that shot 17 black ppl at bunny park last night ? 
why dont u supposed supporters mention last nights massacre of blacks by blacks ? 
more 
are the black ppl who shot 17 other black ppl yesterday also terrorists . why dont u mention that ? 
why dont u pray for the 17 blacks shot in a park by other black ppl last night in new orleans ? 
black lives matter ... 
y no outrage and protests for 17 black ppl getting shot by other blacks 
why are u not mentioned the 17 black ppl shot in a park last night by other blk ppl 
16 injured in new orleans shooting 
thoughts and prayers to those affected in the new orleans shooting . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured god told you everyday this week until the dismember 
rt police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped … 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped this 
seventeen people were shot in new orleans in a crowded park . 
why worry about americans shoot at themselves . hundreds of witnesses , very few speak out . 
17 injured in park shooting in new orleans . 
how horrible ! 
if blacks reported criminals , america would be a completely different place . 
police seek witnesses after shootout at crowded park - someone knows something . come on !! 
" police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout " at bunny friend park " hundreds of witnesses " 😞 
if you see nothing , explain how you are not part of the problem . 
i love my hometown . stop the violence . 
rt shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in new orleans via 

source : colorado springs suspect spoke of " baby parts " after planned parenthood shooting . 
source : suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after planned parenthood shooting . 
rt shooting : witness faced off w/gunman .. nothing justifies this . still , was the target ? … 
rt planned parenthood shooting : witness faced off with gunman at parking lot 
rt witness faced off with suspect in planned parenthood parking lot 
considering the amt of coverage had of vids it's hard to believe a bkwoods guy was influenced 
rt please pray for those affected by the shooting in colorado and join me and millions of other pro-life advocates ... https://… 
rt “ attorney general : planned parenthood shooting a ' crime against women ' ” i can see this guy ha … 
interesting guy may have studied under master thespian gene rosen 
prosecuting animal crimes can also help prevent violence against humans ... " dear was arrested and charged with ... 
i want to know his ethnicity and religious affiliation so i can hate , and fear all similar peoples . 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( source : colorado springs suspect spoke of " baby parts " after planned ... 
i never then they go and and hurt people 
source : suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after shooting . i wonder where he gets his news ? 
rt while we talk about isis , meet the white male , the biggest terrorist threat in america . 

rt germany-netherlands soccer match canceled ; fans at hanover stadium asked to leave , police say . 

arrest in gun violence threat that closed university of chicago campus 
an arrest has been made at the u of chicago -- 
good ! glad they caught his ass ! - 
student arrested in threat that closed chicago campus 
university of illinois at chicago closed down after threat of gun violence on campus quad 
ffs ! uic !?! ugh ! 
zac white , student has been arrested ! 
weenie alert ! whoosy alarm ! 
update : a student is arrested monday p.m. following gun violence threats that closed campus today -- 
arrest in threat at university of chicago 
this title is misleading . the university of chicago isn't the same thing as university of illinois at chicago . 
suspect arrested 
gun violence threat closes university of chicago campus 
arrest in threat that closed campus 
more reasons as to why my university is a joke . rt arrest in gun violence threat closed university of chicago campus 
arrest in gun violence threat that closed university of campus 
stay safe , my beautiful city . thank you for putting students , staff , and safety first , 
* sigh * education is so important , so valuable . just sad to see the university of chicago closed for at least ... 
one person in custody after threat leads to classes cancelled at 
oh no ! again !! gun violence threat closes university of 
university of chicago closes monday due to gun threat 
threat closes university campus 
did you see your tweet was featured on cnn ? 
will people assume this shooter is either black or muslim because of our society ? 
university shut down after online threats 
the university of chicago has shut down its campus after learning of an anonymous online threat of gun violence 
breaking news : today , in chicago . students are scared to death that governor's are not watching out for them ,... 
university of chicago campus shuts down after gun threat is made 
rt gun violence threat closes university of chicago 
scary to hear about the gun threat at uni of chicago , it's bad when there's a college campus involved 
another day ; another threat of school violence . 
classes cancelled at yikyak keeps students in touch 
gun threat closes the university of chicago today . the threat was directed at the campus quad . 
dear rex 84 , will phone calls now shutdown all universities ? shopping malls ? hair salons ? nfl games ? times square ? 
university of illinois at chicago says a student has been arrested after threats closed another university monday . 

u.s. general : human error led to the doctors without borders strike 
u.s. general : human error led to doctors without borders strike 
human error led to msf strike , general says - 
deadly u.s. bombing of afghanistan hospital result of " human error " and technical failures , commander says 
human error led to doctors without borders strike , general says 
unreal : sounds sketchy to me ! " us general : human error led to doctors without borders strike oct 3 , 2015 " 
what a terrible tragedy ... " u.s. general : human error led to strike " 
what would happen if russia had done the bombing instead of the us ? they would be treated as criminals , isn't it ? 

rt 33 isis members killed in airstrikes in past 3 days , monitoring group says . 
rt latest developments : what we know right now 

acting on tip , police search for suspect salah abdeslam in nw germany . 
alleged ringleader targeted financial district , prosecutor says 
unidentified suicide bomber may have attacked paris restaurants , official says . 
from the we're tracking the latest from brussels , where students are headed back to class ... 
attacks : alleged ringleader targeted financial district , plan thwarted by raid 
new suspect in paris attacks - 
more on the paris tragedy ... where is world peace ?? 🌎✌🏽 
" abdeslam could not have survived so long on the run w/o help " by & 
paris attacks : financial district may have been a target - 
paris ' ringleader ' targeted financial district 
paris attacks : possible suicide vest being analyzed - via 
at least they stopped a few potential attacks ... i wish there was a way for peace . these poor people . 
lets see greco roman terrorist look . these skinny results of 1000yrs of inbreeding and alcoholism just dont cut it 
rt acting on tip , search for in htt … 

rt house speaker paul ryan calls for a " pause " in syrian refugee program 


turkey won't apologize for downing russian jet , turkish president erdogan tells 
rt turkey : putin making huge mistake 
turkish leader 
turkey won't apologize for downing russian warplane , erdogan says 
turkey's erdogan on downing of russian warplane : those who violated our airspace are the ones who need to apologize . 
rt and what will be next ? the chess game in syria won't be over for years ... 
rt won't apologize downing warplane , erdogan says , would down another one if it crosses it's airspace . … 
rt turkey won't apologize for downing russian warplane , erdogan says he talks big w nation suppo … 
erdogan : won't apologize for downing russian jet - 
turkey won't apologize for downing russian jet , erdogan says - 
turkish leader : we'd have to do it again 
erdogan : turkey won't apologize for downing russian jet - 
russian president says misidentification of plane impossible 
won't apologize for downing russian says : via 
no apology for downing russian jet 
turkey : putin making big mistake 
turkey-russia tensions : russia moving missiles to syria - … 
the headlines concerning that airstrike are discombobulating to read on thanksgiving ... 

british pm david cameron argues in parliament for strikes on isis in syria - 
british pm david cameron argues in parliament for airstrikes in syria . 
pressure on isis builds : france , russia consult ; britain calls for airstrikes 
putin : assad's future should be in syrians ' hands 
british pm calls for strikes on isis in syria - 
future should be in hands 
pressure on isis builds : french , russian leaders confer - - 
assad's fate should be syrians ' decision 
putin : syrians should decide al-assad's fate -- 
rt putin : syrians should decide al-assad's fate which syrians ? the ones for assad after putin killed all rebels ? ht … 
uk pm david cameron urges strikes on isis in syria - 
wondering what the world is doing now about the isis crisis after the paris attacks ? check out this cnn link . 
cameron asks for strikes on isis 
uk prime minister urges on - 

so called pro-lifer ... is a murderer . 
suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after planned parenthood shooting 
jennifer markovsky and ke’arre stewart were the civilians killed in planned parenthood shooting , officials say . 
source : colorado shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' - 
source : suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after planned parenthood shooting time to prosecute fraud-film makers . 
source : suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after planned parenthood shooting because of course he did . morons ! 
source : shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after planned parenthood shooting 
the planned parenthood killer had anti-abortion & right-wing views & mentioned " baby parts " lies spread by the media 
shooting finally , some info on the other victims ! i've only seen info about the leo , why is that ? 
ke'arre stewart saved lives before he died . a hero in iraq and at home . 
insight on the planned parenthood shooting 
domestic terrorism should receive greater attention than it does in this country . 
your name is on this . why isn't this " source " or " official " named ? everyone else in the story is named . 
can you read this without sensing the presence of a pro-life editor ? 
besides that , cnn , doesn't this " official " have a fucking name ? is it an unnamed source ? why ? 
rt the planned parenthood shooter talked about " baby parts , " language that we've heard politicians and pundits use . https … 
source : terror suspect's words suggest anti-abortion motive fixed it for you 
rt divorce , estrangement , isolation and mental health issues . our deviant culture creates monsters where once we had men h … 
source : shooting suspect's words suggest anti-abortion motive 
what were they doing ? mt jennifer markovsky & ke’arre stewart were civilians killed near pp . 
source : shooting suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after attack 
crazy wrong re motive . 
should rush and his fox friends be culpable for inciting ? suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' 
suspect speaks of " baby parts " from video 
we now know is a terrorist and should be treated as such . 
i have no idea why people want to parse over an alleged statement with no context . 
this cnn report references background law enforcement source re 


rt raid aimed to " neutralize terrorists " linked to paris attacks , french president hollande says . … 

rt charlie sheen to " today " : i've paid millions to people who extorted me over hiv diagnosis . … 


rt arrest made in chicago shooting death of 9-year-old 
arrest in gang killing of 9-year-old 
rt chicago police : 3 suspected in 9-year-old tyshawn lee's killing ; 2 in custody , 1 sought . … 
rt arrest made in connection with chicago shooting death of 9-year-old tyshawn lee . 
rt arrest in gang killing of 9-year-old 
race and reality in america ? this is what is laser etched in the retinas of those without colour . 
thug charged with murder in ' assassination ' of tyshawn lee , 9 
man charged with murder in ' assassination ' of tyshawn lee , 9 
blm : " they take the white terrorist alive but not blk suspects ! " ignore typicality of this case suspect alive : 
arrest made in shooting death of 9-year-old tyshawn lee - 
arrest in gang killing of 9-year-old . praying for tyshawn's family . 
man charged w murder in ' assassination ' of tyshawn lee , 9 real men don't shot children . + , assassinate = murder 
against backed candidates if you care more for saving a life than taken a life . 
when will it stop ! 
when will inocent ? just curious why its always criminals who get to be the martyrs for groups ... 
i hope you burn in hell 3 :) ' s for this 
man charged with murder of tyshawn lee . hope mccarthy can ' destroy ' this madness ! 
rt it would be great if we could also focus on how we got to the point where adults settle " beefs " by killing 9 yr olds ht … 
arrest in killing of tyshawn lee where is black lives matter for this one 
our children need our protection by any means necessary ! 
too bad not all to all black people ... killing a 9yr old over " his family's " affiliation ... death ... 
disgusting big gang bangers , pathetic morons , poor child never had a chance to live or love . rot in hell 
thank god they have this peiece of trash off the street : 
stop the race baiting with comparisons . these 3 lived . 
bullshit these guys lived 
the guys who assisted a 9yr old lived . 
white killer lives black kid dies always huh ? and this ? 
explain how these guys are alive then . ' assassination ' of tyshawn lee , 9 
ya how come these guys lived ? assassination ' of tyshawn lee , 9 
comparing and killer . i will leave this here . his killers are alive !!! 
stoops to new low . rip 
a member of a gang has been arrested for killing a nine-year-old boy . 

paris terror attack suspect believed to have escaped to syria 
rt french intel believes paris attack suspect salah abdeslam has made his way back to syria 
believed to be in 
cnn : planners were going to go to jewish schools & areas as well . 
paris terror attack suspect from belgium to syria without any interference at a border crossing . analysis needed . 
rt believed to be in 
paris attack accomplice says " could not understand it [ the attack ] & could not think clearly . " i love lawyers 
authorities believe paris suspect escaped to syria . 
paris terrorist could be located in syria . 
paris suspect believed in syria 

rt russia says the passenger jet that crashed over egypt in october , killing 224 , was brought down by a bomb . … 
russia : $50m for information on sinai crash 

rt porsche blames actor paul walker for his own death in one of its sports cars . 
paul walker death : actor's fatal accident his own fault , porsche says - cnn 


rt explosions heard in paris suburb , site of raid hunting for suspects in paris attacks . … 

rt . is ending his campaign for president . " i've come to the realization that this is not my time . " … 
rt louisiana governor bobby jindal has announced that he is ending his presidential bid , saying " this is not my time " . https :/ … 

rt mother and father of football analyst doug flutie die within an hour of each other . 

rt porsche blames actor paul walker for his own death in one of its sports cars . 
miss you angel 

honduras detains 5 syrians over fake passports 
rt honduras detains 5 syrian men traveling with fake passports . 
honduran police said they detained 5 syrian men who traveled with fake passports . 

rt 5 shot near jamar clark protest 
people can't safely protest outside a precinct ?! 3 in custody after shooting near jamar clark protest in minneapolis 
rt 5 people shot near protest site in minneapolis 
3 in custody after shooting near jamar clark protest site - 
second man arrested in connection with shootings near minneapolis protest site . 
5 people shot near jamar clark protest site - 
rt last night , 5 protestors were shot in minneapolis . 
minneapolis police arrest a man in connection with shootings near monday's protests . 
3 in custody after shooting near protest site in 
man arrested in shooting near jamar clark protest site 
3in custody 
so how will we protect innocent americans from savage white males ? 
rt two arrests ( so far ) of suspects in last night's shootings : 
2 arrested in shooting near jamar clark protest ... 
updated 23 minutes ago - no mention of release of the hispanic . still looking for others . 
2 held in shooting at police protest 
no words .... 

turkish president says he's " saddened " by downing of russian warplane , stops short of apologizing . 
turkish president ' saddened ' by downing of russian plane but doesn't apologize 
turkish president sad but not sorry about russian plane 
russia takes action against turkey after jet downing 
falls short of offering to 
yet another sad consequence of the russians trying to " one up " the united states in the syrian conflict . 
turkish president ' saddened ' by russian plane's downing - 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( turkish president says he's " saddened " by downing of russian warplane ,... 
turkish president falls short of offering apology to moscow 
erdogan ' saddened ' by downing 

trump's gop rivals get ' equal time ' on 
nbc to give 4 gop candidates free ad time to compensate for time given to trump on ‘ snl . ’ 
trump trump's gop rivals get ' equal time ' 
result of donald on : trump's gop rivals get ' equal time ' ( free advertising time ) on nbc 
nbc will give john kasich , mike huckabee , james gilmore and lindsey graham ' equal time ' advertising next week . 
live from new york it's equal time ! 
nbc to give 4 gop candidates free ad time to compensate for time given to trump on ' snl . ' 
donald trump's gop rivals granted ' equal time ' on nbc 
rt kasich , huckabee , graham & gilmore each get 12 minutes of cumulative nbc ad time in ia , nh , sc over fri & sat nights https : … 

rt second air france flight from u.s. to paris diverted . 

is on the rise ? more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' poll finds 
is racism on the rise ? 
rt poll : racism a big problem in us 
rt poll : racism a big problem in u.s. 
rt 49% of americans say racism is a “ big problem , ” according to new cnn/kaiser family foundation poll . … 
americans who say racism is a big problem 2011 28% 2015 49% 
after reading the study , it's fair to say , the melting pot is overheating with racism in america 
racism is a ' big problem ' to more americans , poll finds - 
racism is still a big problem in our society today . 
is on the rise ? more in say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 
rt new threat is ' racism without racists ' according to | 
rt 49% of americans says is a " big problem " in our society . we need more and acceptance of ... … 
racism on the rise ; many in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn poll finds 

u.n. mission in mali attacked , 3 killed - 
three killed , 20 hurt in mortar attack on u.n. mission in mali 
mortar attack on u.n. base in mali killed three people and injured 20 others , a u.n. spokesman says . 
mortar attack on u.n. base in mali killed three people and injured 20 others , a u.n. spokesman says . via 
where are these weapons and ammo coming from ? 
rt another u.n. mission comes under attack . peacekeepers among 3 killed in a mortar attack in mali … 
three killed in attack on u.n. mission in mali 

pope francis to start first day in uganda with mass for martyrs 
pope makes first visit to war zone 
pope slams ' new forms of colonialism ' 
heavenly father send st. michael and his angels to protect your servant to the servants of god , pope francis , and ... 
pope francis visits kenyan slum , lashes out at elite 
to start first day in with mass for martyrs . via 

somali pirates seize iranian , thai ships - 
pirates seize ships 

white house 
white house issues " all clear " report after fence jumper is apprehended . 
man who jumped white house fence has been arrested 
to detain someone who jumped a fence on thanksgiving goes against everything we are as a nation . 
fence jumper detained 
white house fence jumper detained - maybe prezbo will reccomend a fence the same height as the one on s border ! 
there's a solution to this crap ( before one is a terrorist ) ... you jump the fence , you get shot until you stop . 
yesterday a badass wrapped himself in america and hopped the white house fence . :) 
rt why was this man detained for jumping the wh fence ? apparently it's ok at the southern border ! … 
wh fence jumper get the best jumpers 2 test this so they can learn what they need 2 do 2 protect the wh 
is jumping the fence and seeing how far you can run a new olympic sport or something ? 
. somewhere an unemployed genx copyeditor is weeping : " ... ' ran through ' her and her sister . " 

$21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says 
$21m hatton garden jewel biggest ' in english legal history , ' lawyer says - via $ 
$21m hatton garden jewel heist biggest ' in english legal history , ' lawyer says 
huge jewel heist makes history 
$21m jewel heist biggest ' in legal history , ' lawyer says 
jewel heist so big it makes history 
rt $21 million hatton garden heist " the largest burglary in english legal history . " or garden varie … 
" $21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says " did you see this ? 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( $21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says ... 
rt largest jewel heist in england goes to trial . youngest member of the gang ? 42 . ( ht 
$21m hatton garden jewel heist biggest ' in english legal history .... straight out of a james bond film .. 
$21 million hatton garden heist " the largest burglary in english legal history . " or garden variety cybercrime 


videos show accused student following teacher before she is killed 
obama's son : black student slashes throat and rapes white female teacher 
of course cnn won't show a picture of the teen who murdered and raped a white teacher ... he's black 
rt boy accused of raping , killing teacher was seen on video following her moments before slaying . 

worldwide travel alert ... 
sate department issues world-wide alert . 
ignoring god that's why ... 
state department issues worldwide travel alert 
flying tomorrow ! wishing safe travels to all . rt state department issues worldwide alert 
state department issues worldwide alert via 
rt is so lame and weak . tells us that is contained , then our own state department issues this warning … 
rt gg wildcard daily headline : cnn " usa issues worldwide travel alert " 
rt . " ... avoid large crowds or crowded places " over the holidays . will your family be changing any plans ? https … 
i'm not worried about isis killing me or hurting my children . i'm worried about this home grown terrorism right ... 
from ruining global travel for all . state dept . issues worldwide travel alert 
state dept travel alert is more about govt expression of power than keeping us safe 
be safe ! 
probably safe to say they have solid reasons for doing this . keep your heads on a swivel travelers . 
travels alerts to who is travelling during the holiday season . 
well this is fun considering im going to paris and england in january 
more info 

national flags will fly from buildings in france friday in solidarity with 130 people killed in the paris attacks . 
cnn claims french solidarity in face of muslim terrorist attacks has nazi undertones . 
france remembers paris terror victims after hollande beats war drums 
rt cnn tv : paris attack victims honored in national ceremony . 
france remembers paris terror victims after hollande vows to destroy isis . 
france vows to ' destroy ' fanatics 
remembers victims , as its president challenges 
french prez committing to war vs isis without sending ground troops is pure cowardice 
france remembers paris terror victims , after president beats war drums against isis 
france memorializes paris terror victims 
remembers terror victims , after# president war drums against 
france remembers paris terror victims , as its president beats war drums against isis 

cnn citing turkish air force warning " this is turkish air force , change dot-dot-dot .. " 

rt paris terror attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep 
some terrorist changed his mind possibly ? 
possible suicide vest found 
" possible suicide vest found in paris suburb " - 
no sign of paris suspect in belgium raids as brussels remains under high alert - cnn 
paris attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep👉 
possible suicide vest found in garbage can . 
attacks isis from aircraft carrier , launches bid to build coalition : 
french launch attacks from carrier . possible suicide vest found 
finally a cowardly terrorist ! if only more terrorists where like salah abdeslam . 
it appears france has a new foreign policy for the muddle east that copies ours : bomb arabs . i suspect their ... 
isis hit by jets from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort 
france hits isis from aircraft carrier 
isis hit from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort france grew balls . allahu akbar ... 
france attacks isis from aircraft carrier - 

obama pays his respects at the bataclan in paris . 
obama pays his respects in paris 
pres obama pays his respects at the bataclan the night before 
pays his respects at the bataclan in paris - cnn international 
barack obama pays respects at the bataclan in paris 
pays his respects at the in 🙏🏻 
" come to admire your handiwork ? " ~ batman to penguin in " batman returns " 1992 

leaders arrive in paris for climate conference 
. u.s. helped create climate change problem and will help fix it . 
" obama and other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference . " 
the outcome of this summit will impact our lives & lives of future generations to come . don't let us down ! 
a delayed identification lead 
paris anarchists threw the candles from memorial at police . wow , just ... wow . 
leaders in paris for climate conference show me the data !!!! show me the facts !! not some stupid " model " ! 
world leaders climate conference all of these scientist receiving govt . money to pay their bills ? thank you . 
french police and protestors clash amidst international climate change meeting 
attacked by terrorists 2 weeks ago and the french are clashing with police about not being able to protest . smdh 
world leaders paris climate conference no more models ! give the people factual data !! lord monckton rules !! 
police and protesters clash in paris 
starts tomorrow !! obama , other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference 
admitting state of emergency power not only 4 terrorists but 4 " troubling " environmental activists 
arrive in for 
leaders due in paris for cop21 climate change conference - 
police and protesters clash in as world leaders arrive for climate conference 
leaders due in paris for cop21 climate change meeting - 
jeez , as if the paris police don't have enough to deal with . why protest attempts to deal with climate change ? cnn 
despite all the violence by warmists , they were mostly peaceful or something 
warmists pelt police with , wait , candles ? seriously ? 
radical climate protesters pelted french police with candles stolen from paris attack memorials 
' scandalous ' scuffles at climate talks 
i found the story highlights to be helpful in this article as well as the use of tweets and twitter pictures : 
if you have ever held ur breath u know its not very fun climate conference 
wake up , tell ur government 2 stop spraying the sky w/ chemtrails , which contribute to change climate by force . 
world leaders in for major conference 
, other leaders due in for major conference 
150 leaders due in for major conference 
obama , other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference change 

rt german police say they've made 5 arrests in operations linked to paris attacks . 
rt " strong presumption " that a 2nd person linked to the paris attacks is at large , source close to probe says . … 

protesters to march again friday to ask feds to probe chicago police after teen's killing 
demonstrators want federal probe of mcdonald killing - 
rt kourtneydaqueen : rt firegod6371 : demonstrators want federal probe of mcdonald killing … 
protesters to march in chicago on friday and ask feds to probe mcdonald killing 
protesters target 
laquan mcdonald's killing : black leaders seek fed probe - 
rt protesters to march in chicago on friday-ask feds to probe killing i thought the feds w … 
protesters to march in chicago on friday and ask feds to probe killing 

isis claims responsibility for today's hotel bombing that killed at least 4 in egypt's sinai peninsula . 
isis claims responsibility in sinai hotel bombing that kills 4 
" contained . " " isis claims responsibility for todays hotel bombing that killed at least 4 in sinai peninsula . " 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( isis claims responsibility for today's hotel bombing that killed at least ... 

pro-kurdish lawyer killed in streets of southeastern turkey . 
prominent pro-kurdish lawyer killed in turkey . 
pro-kurdish in 
human rights lawyer killed in turkey 
human rights lawyer killed on street 
human rights lawyer who represented kurdish victims killed on street in turkey . very fishy 

rt house speaker paul ryan calls for a " pause " in syrian refugee program 

rt charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . 

top story : cnngo see more 
story of the day : cnngo see more 
rt ewrmadrid top story : ewrmadrid practice cnngo see more 
top story : practice cnngo see more 
making a last-minute statement on national security right now - 
top story de - cnngo see more 
with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
rt with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
top story : with raymond cnngo see more 
top story : info & news cnngo see more 

7 afghan children killed after playing with rocket 
police : rocket tip explodes while afghan children play with it , kills 7 . 
police : 7 afghan children killed playing with rocket - 
, it is reasonable to believe that these kids thought they were playing with a clock . 
7 kids killed playing with rocket 
several afghani children die after playing with rocket 
seven afghan children died and two were wounded after playing with an old rocket tip . 
7 children killed after playing with rocket 
small afghan children killed playing with weapons of war & terror 
who the hell just lets kids throw a rocket tip around like a ball . 
police : 7 afghan kids killed playing with rocket so sad when children are the casualties of war . 

rt dashcam video of teen's shooting death released 
rt a chicago police officer has been charged with 1st-degree murder in the 2014 shooting death of laquan mcdonald . … 
rt rt a chicago police officer has been charged with murder in the shooting death of laquan mcdonald . … 
chicago protesters march as police release video - - 
chicago police officer charged with murder - 
watch the short " when can police shoot ? " video 
rt chicago releasing video of fatal shooting of black teen 
rt chicago officer who shot laquan mcdonald charged with murder 
rt chicago police officer who shot charged with murder 
we have something worse then sex to deal with in this country 
if they are not murdered on the street like an animal . first 
the face of evil ! chicago protesters march as release video of officer shooting teen . 
besides the fact he did not appear to approach or be near any officer , laquan mcdonald was down after 2 seconds ,... 
sooooooo ... i've heard so many things ... 

powder that alarmed at brussels mosque is flour 
powder found at brussels ' grand mosque was flour , brussels authorities say . 
brussels authorities check suspicious packages containing a white powder at the city's grand mosque . 
last time in ww these belgians were liberated by ia in less than 2 hours . they may need ia again for half day again . 
rt envelopes filled with suspicious powder sent to grand mosque in brussels . -turns out to be flour . … 
powder found at brussels ' grand mosque was dust on a window sill , brussels authorities say . 
cnnbrk : " powder found at grand mosque was brussels authorities say . " 
powder scare at brussels mosque 
powder at mosque was flour 
islamophobia gone awry . daesh has belgium on its knees , accomplishing the very goal of cretin terrorists . 

10 dead in texas , kansas as wintry storm sweeps plains - 
floods leave 3 dead in dallas area ; 2.5 m people under ice storm warning in texas , oklahoma , kansas . 
rt floods leave 3 dead in dallas area ; 2.5 m people under ice storm warning in texas , oklahoma , kansas . 
dead in texas and kansas as wintry storm sweeps south-central u.s. 
weather is neither a white , christian zealot nor a brown , muslim extremist yet it still wants to kill us all ! 
wintry storm hits south-central us ; 3 dead in texas flooding - cnn international 
may 1st , 2nd , 3rd 2010 , nashville / 64 ft , 88 feet at the court house in clarksville tennessee ... gut wrenching . 
10 dead in and as wintry storm sweeps south-central u.s. 
wintry storm hits central plains ; 10 dead 
7 dead in tx and ks in winter storm 
7 dead in texas , kansas as wintry storm sweeps plains - 
7 dead in texas and kansas as wintry storm sweeps south-central u.s. 
wintry storm pounds region , kills 7 
it's crazy texas gets an ice storm while we've been wearing shorts for the past week ! sending prayers to all the ... 
7 dead as wintry storm hits plains 
wintry storm pounds region , killing 7 
3 dead in texas flooding ; wintry storm hits south-central u.s. 
3 dead in texas floods ; wintry storm hits u.s. 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( floods leave 3 dead in dallas area ; 2.5 m people under ice storm warning ... 

sure you don't care about this , because the victim is white , the animals that killed her were black 
move if you don't like living here 
pastor's pregnant wife killed by two black men 
pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests in pregnant wife's murder 
just wondering where all the outrage is for this ..... it's only a ... 
rt police arrest man in connection with murder of pregnant pastor's wife . 
i'd be more disturbed over this then a cop shooting a criminal 
... can anyone hear amanda's scream for help & pleading for mercy ? 
where is the protest for this pregnant woman's murder ? 
two black guys arrested for the murder and rape of amanda blackburn 
uhhh no . these black lives don't matter . 
violence is everywhere 
we have a sick culture in america . arrests in death of pastors wife . they were on crime spree . don't blame poverty . 
do they have the death penalty in indiana ? suspects arrested in the murder of the pastor's wife . 
do t forget the pastors pregnant wife murdered in indianapolis . 
. so use spot-metering . 
amanda blackburn news : 
" today i am deciding to love , not hate . " 
indiana amanda blackburn killing arrest - 
pastor chooses ' love not hate ' after wife's killing 
two arrested in death of pastor's wife amanda blackburn - 
where is the outrage , protests , and signs for ? 
when the media gonna fawn over this husbands ability to forgive ? 
man arrested in pastor's wife murder case - 
- there is real evil in this world , and these soulless , disgusting monsters prove it . 
men arrested in pastor's wife killing 
cnn has them shown here . think obama will comment on this case ? don't hold your breath ... 
" choosing to let my emotions drive my decisions is recipe for a hopeless and fruitless life . " 


isis claims bomb attack on tunisian presidential guard 
isis claims bomb attack on tunisian presidential guard that killed 12 these animals ar eveywhere ! wake up ! 
rt isis claims responsibility for yesterday's bus explosion that killed 15 in tunisia . 
isis claims responsibility for bus explosion in tunisia 
rt while prepares for throws into state of emergency 
rt i left the scene after curfew announced . at least 11 killed in bus blast carrying presidential guard http … 
rt bus explosion that killed 15 in tunisia - isis claims responsibility 
rt claims responsibility for yesterday's bus explosion that killed 15 in 
15 dead in blast on bus carrying tunisia guard members - via 

voters in burkina faso went to the polls on sunday to select a new president and legislature . 
burkina faso rebounds from military plot to hold promisingly free elections 
rt voters in burkina faso went to the polls on sunday to select a new president ... 
burkina faso : from military plot to free elections - 
voters in burkina faso went to the polls on sunday to select a new president and leg … 

st. louis rams player shot in head 
st. louis rams player stedman bailey hospitalized . 
st. louis rams wide receiver stedman bailey shot while sitting in car 
rams ' wide receiver stedman bailey hospitalized - 
stedman bailey , rams ' wide receiver , shot in miami area - 
st. louis rams/former wvu wide receiver stedman bailey shot while sitting in car 
rams ' stedman bailey shot while sitting in car 
a professional athlete is shot twice in his head ... while sitting in a car ? 
stedman bailey of the was shot in miami , florida , by | 
stedman bailey , rams ' wide receiver , shot in miami gardens - 
cnn : st. louis wide receiver shot while sitting in car , police say 
dear america - you built this congrats . 
st. louis rams wide receiver shot while sitting in car . 
wr , stedman baiey , in critical condition after being shot in the head tuesday night in miami . 
stedman bailey , rams ' wide receiver , shot in head 
report : st. louis rams wide receiver stedman bailey shot in head 
every single time , each child , each boy/girl , man/woman , infant and now a la ram 
stedman bailey was shot . 
. wr in critical condition after being shot in the head tues night . covering . 
you always hate to see stories like this . 
rt our thoughts and prayers go out to the bailey family . st. louis rams wide receiver stedman bailey shot in head htt … 
thoughts & prayers : st. louis rams wide receiver stedman bailey shot in head 

who's bombing in syria ? 
turkish military says plane violated airspace ; they responded with f-16s . 
are we nearing don’t fool yourself ! it could happen ! has proved to be a pretty effective catalyst ! 
rt putin : downing of a " stab in the back , " will affect russia-turkey relations . … 
rt turkish military says russian warplane repeatedly violated airspace , ignored warnings . … 
rt putin calls plane's downing by turkey ' stab in the back ' 
turkey downs russian jet . there is a connection to in this incident . 
rt warplane crashes near turkey-syria border , according to semi-official turkish news agency . 
putin calls jet's downing ' stab in the back ' ; turkey says warning ignored 
rt turkey says it issued 10 warnings to the russian plane it claims to have shot down . … 
rt congratulations turkey on starting world war 3 . what is wrong with you people . why do you want this war . … 
uk debates bombing syria today . who else is bombing in syria ? find out here . 
rt russian marine killed during operation to rescue pilot whose warplane was shot down by turkey … 
russian jet shot down by turkey ...... 

gunman shouted , " allahu akbar " , just as the muslim fans attending the soccer game in turkey did as the other fans ... 
mali hotel attacked by radical muslim terrorists , but , it isn't a reflection on the peaceful nature of islam . it ... 
mali hotel attack : president calls for unity 
mali hotel tack : president calls for unity to fight terror " 
gunmen shot ' anything that moved ' 
hotel attack : calls for unity to fight terror - 

pope gives ' catastrophic ' warning 
pope delivers historic mass in kenya . 
pope francis delivers stern warning ahead of paris climate conference 
pope francis delivrs stern warning ahead of summit in paris 
africans cannot afford to remain silent on illegal trade , poaching of elephants for ivory , pope francis says 
pope delivers stern warning ahead of conference . 
one common goal is the 
ge has near $300 billion in debt and is backed by clinton & dems who are broke-ass cons too 
rt pope francis urges religious unity in his first mass on africa trip 
pope basically blames the koch brothers and gop for misinformation and blocking environmental progress on climate ... 
pope francis urges religious unity at mass in africa - 
pope , false prophet no idea what he talk climate change genesis 8:22 . 
the world's funniest looking weatherman delivers stern warning ahead of climate conference in paris 
pope gives ' catastrophic ' climate warning 
omg .. a drinker of kool - aid . :'( 
cnn headine : " pope francis delivers [ a ] stern warning ahead of [ the ] paris climate conference " 
" it would be catastrophic were particular interests to prevail over the common good to protect their own plans ... " 
the ' man ' of god talks about man-made climate crisis . guess even god would be of now help on 
pope francis : throngs attend first mass in africa 

mali arrests 2 suspects in connection to the terrorist attack last week 
two arrested in connection with last week's deadly attack on hotel in mali's capital . 
rt 2 arrested in connection with last week's attack on hotel in mali's capital 
🇨🇦🇬🇧🇸🇪🇺🇸🐢😝👷🏼🍀in connection 43🙈💉🔥 deadly attack on hotel in😼🐥💩🙈👧🏽🎩🇫🇷xma$$ 👅🗽⚠️ 
mali arrests 2 suspects in hotel terror attack - 

body of downed russian pilot back in russia 
downed pilot's body returned to russia 
downed pilot's body returned to russia : downed pilot's body returned to russia 
rt body of russian pilot killed after his jet was shot down was handed over to turkish authorities , turkey's pm says . … 
turkey's megalomaniac dictator should be ashamed of himself . 
downed pilot’s body returned to russia 

rt attacks in paris are not the new normal , u.s. secretary of state john kerry tells 

rt cnn 2015 hero of the year : new jersey's maggie doyne , who started women’s center , school , children’s home in nepal . … 
2015 cnn hero of the year : maggie doyne 
2015 cnn hero of the year maggie doyne helps women , children in nepal 
meet cnn's hero of the year 
congrats to maggie doyne on being named cnn’s 2015 hero of the year ^lee 
cnn reveals 2015 hero of the year 
read about the nominees and be inspired cnn hero of the year maggie doyne helps women , children in nepal 
cnn hero of 2015 build the kopila valley children's home in nepal . 
read more at : 
brava ! 2015 of the year : maggie doyne : 
cnn heroes 2015 red carpet congratulations 
cnn's 2015 hero of the year : maggie doyne - 
rt cnn 2015 hero of the year maggie doyne helps women , children in nepal 
cnn hero of the year helps women , children in nepal 
check out 2015 of the year maggie doyne who helps women , children in 

report : global temperature rise already halfway to ' two degree warming ' limit - 
rt oct ' 15 was the warmest oct on record and the warmest month ever recorded relative to the month's average temp . < https … 
not the kind of records we want to be breaking 
report : global temperature hike already halfway to ' two degree warming ' limit 
be worried , be very worried ! forget any short term ' cold-snap ' that is not what this is talking about .... 
rt this october was the warmest on record , noaa data shows . 7 months in 2015 have been warmest ever . 
half way to the 2 degree temperature increase limit 
two-degree mark is much closer than scientists anticipated , see what they are saying about it : 
for those who think climate change isn't real . watch this . 
report : global hike already halfway to ' two degree warming ' limit . 
report : ' two degree warming ' limit gets closer 
read 2 fast on 2 degrees , only 1/2way there … 
my bad , skimmed it , said 1/2 there … 

rt officials : cell phone believed used by paris attacker recovered . contains message to effect : ok , we're ready . … 

rt fed signals that a rate hike may be near . interest rates haven't been raised since december 2008 . 


tensions rise as russia says it's deploying anti-aircraft missiles to syria 
rt russia setting up defenses near turkey 
rescued russian co-pilot says " there were no warnings " before turkey shot down warplane . 
rt russia will deploy surface-to-air missiles to syria . 
turkey's downing of russian warplane looks " like a planned provocation , " russian foreign minister says . 
rt how to pick a fight and watch people die for no real reason , by russia 
rt erdogan : downed russian plane violated turkish sovereignty ; russia : to deploy s-400 defense missile systems to https … 
time for turkey to apologize and stop sponsoring terror . 
rt russian defense ministry : second pilot from downed jet back safe at airbase . 
rt russia gives anti-aircraft missiles to syria's assad , placing sites for 155-mile-range missiles 30 miles from turkey https … 
middleeast tensions mount . putin can retaliate anytime … 
rt russian planes operating in syria are roughly 1/5th of us planes there and fewer than french ones … 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( rescued russian co-pilot says " there were no warnings " before turkey shot ... 
rt tensions rise anyway russia had nothing to do at turkey's border . they're supposed 2 bomb … 
rt russia warns of ' serious consequences ' after turkey downs warplane : istanbul ( cnn)the conflict in syria , a yea ... https :/ … 
rt breaking : russian co-pilot : " no warning before turkey shot plane down " 
russia putting anti-aircraft missiles in syria ... 
turkish president erdogan slams russia's actions - via 
russia putting missiles near turkey 

rt saudi arabia - freedom of speech is the song of liberty . show the world your compassion . … 
rt sentences poet to death on blasphemy charges : apostasy , insulting the prophet , spreading atheism … 
worldwide criticism over saudi death sentence for palestinian poet over blasphemy/apostasy charges 
outrage over saudi death sentence for poet - 
outrage over saudi death sentence for poet on blasphemy charges 
r we going 2stand by & do nothing ? outrage accept this over saudi death sentence for poet on blasphemy charges 
people like obama will mask this as a solely governmental issue . it's obviously a religious issue . it's islam . 

rt pray for families & loved ones of the 4 crew members who died in a helicopter crash at fort hood yesterday . ht … 
4 killed in yesterday's crash of a u.s. army helicopter during a training mission in texas , fort hood says . 
4 dead in u.s. army helicopter crash at fort hood 
fort hood helicopter crash leaves 4 dead - 
rt 4 families are going to get a call none of us want 🇺🇸😞🙏🏻 4 dead in us army helicopter crash at fort hood … 
4 dead in army copter crash 

trump on protester : ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' - 
rt protester at rally says he was called " monkey " & n-word : https://… 
rt . on protester : " maybe he should have been roughed up " … 
black lives matter protester describes violent confrontation at trump event 
trump has reached a new level of disgusting . 
rt black lives matter protester describes confrontation at trump rally in birmingham : 
donald trump : my fans were right to beat up black protester 
rt trump : ' maybe he should have been roughed up'/ a candidate 4 prez shouldn't incite & condone violence of americans … 
gop front runner - no solutions - but to rough up anyone he's racist against ...... i told ya'll for over 8 years ... 
shit's not even funny anymore ... i still thought we'd decided the dude was a joke . 
is a disgusting ignorant racist idiot !!! 
mr. trump - you are running to represent all americans . trump : ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' 
just had a lovely convo with a facebook " friend " who feels race didn't have much to do with this situation . 
hmmm , i guess 
up until now i've largely refrained from making any comments or statements about trump as i didn't want to ... 
in case you don't know what i'm referring to , here's what happened . 
this is what you're supporting when you support trump . no longer a joke . racism . violence . mob mentality . 
this got overlooked in the media , but at his alabama rally the donald declared , " this christmas season -- all ... 
watch the footage . think for yourself . don't vote for the next hitler . 
watch the footage . think for yourself . don't vote for donald trump . 
go away , trump . please . 
so , apparently trump thinks that people of color who dare to speak out against with should be " roughed up " : 
are people real going to vote for this clown ? smfh !!! 
this is what campaign represents more than anything else . he's the champion of a-holes everywhere 

7 dead after helicopter crashes in kashmir on way back from hindu shrine 
kashmir helicopter crash kills 7 
kashmir helicopter crash kills 7 - smh 😔 
7 dead in helicopter crash 

get a grip , people ! 
rt a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in recent months . 
isis books & gifts in denver is vandalized - 
here's your weekend edition of " things bigoted , ignorant idiots do " 
low-iq squad vandalized " isis " bookstore--can't read/comprehend societal basics themselves 
wrong isis : bookstore vandalized 
denver store named isis is vandalized . . . as a stupid hateful fuck believes terrorists have their own bookstore . . 
denver bookstore named isis is vandalized 
either she's really dumb or a terrible business-woman ... or both . solution : change the name of your store . 
ok folks there are 270 business/product with isis name attached they are not affiliated with the terrorist ... 

. seeks to seal his climate legacy in terror-addled paris via 
obama seeks to seal climate legacy in terror-addled paris 
ok so the peace deal failed , let's try .. obama seeks 2 seal climate legacy in terror-addled paris 
obama to climate legacy in paris 


rt explosions heard in paris suburb , site of raid hunting for suspects in paris attacks . … 
rt french will use dna testing to determine if paris terror attack ringleader was in apartment raided by police … 
rt trucks full of heavily armed french soldiers in full military gear arrive at scene of saint-denis raids . 
rt 2 terrorist suspects dead in saint-denis : 1 shot by sniper , other blew herself up , french media reports . 
rt 3 suspected terrorists killed in raid in paris suburb of saint-denis , official tells cnn . 3 police officers hurt . … 
2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 
rt suspected ringleader of is target of massive police operation in paris suburb , afp says . 

“ get your sledgehammers ready . we’ve got a glass ceiling to demolish ” 
rt does anyone else seem to be rolling out detailed policy plans ? c'mon boys ... 
rt basking in union support , rolls out her infrastructure plan 
hillary clinton’s plan for infrastructure : make businesses pay for it ( via 
. to pitch plan to spend $350 billion on infrastructure via 
. rolls out her plan to increase federal investment by $275b over the next 5 yrs : 
basking in union support , clinton rolls out infrastructure plan 
basking in union support , rolls out infrastructure plan . 
rt clinton to pitch infrastructure spending plan on sunday 

rt cia director john brennan says u.s. should welcome refugees , but he's evaluating how to strengthen screening . … 

planned parenthood shooting suspect identified as robert lewis dear , 59 , a law enforcement official tells cnn . 
rt shooting suspect detained , per colorado springs mayor . 
rt this is the real face of terrorism in the us . suspect captured , 3 killed 
rt the nature of terrorism in the us 3 dead , suspect captured … 
rt a law enforcement official confirms colorado springs attack suspect is robert lewis dear . … 
colorado planned parenthood shooting : 3 dead , suspect captured 
stop and think about this for a second . the supposed " planned parenthood shooter " , and supposed " right-wing ... 
rt garrett swasey , the 44-yr-old officer murdered in colorado springs was an elder in his church . cnn 
rt only pp calls colorado shooter what he is : a terrorist . cops and cnn call him suspect , gunman , perpetrator . https://… 
rt shooting : 3 dead , suspect captured . video : … 
we've got our own terrorists in this country ... people are so mentally disturbed for some reasons . why are they ... 
rt trump & congress hysterical over refugees , but america's biggest threat still is americans shooting each other … 
rt you're up : at least 3 officers were injured in the in colorado springs … 
rt he defended others lives with his own : 
colorado planned parenthood shooting : suspect captured - 
rt praying for those still involved in shootout in the clinic & for the cops trying to help in colorado springs https : … 
dear cs , what the fuck is wrong with you ? good thing you've got 
why is nobody raging about christian american terrorists ? 
just want to point out that this guy isn't muslim , middle eastern , syrian or a refugee . 
police : shootout with gunman at planned parenthood - 
rt shootout with gunman at planned parenthood - on the plus side , the shooter probably isn't a syrian refugee . … 
rt rightwing terrorist kills 3 at planned parenthood , including armed police officer . yes , armed person killed . … 
rt as if a man would launch an assault around planned parenthood for another reason … 
another terrible tragedy perpetrated by whack-job , domestic terrorist . 
right-wing christian religious colorado planned parenthood shooting : 3 killed - 

rt deaths from global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , according to a new report . … 


authorities carry out raids in belgium leading to the arrests of 16 people . " 
brussels remains under highest terror alert amid warning of ' imminent threat ' 
multiple raids in brussels as police seek isis terrorists 
16 arrested in anti-terror raids 
belgian police arrest 16 , but isis ringleader still on the run 

