



rt think the enemy has been " contained ? " think again . this new report says otherwise . 
deaths from global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , according to a new report . " 
rt global terrorism is on the rise , obama has no strategy to combat it : 
boko haram overtakes isis as world's deadliest terror group , report says 
increased by 80% in 2014 , says report - 
political violence is driving terrorism boko haram is a isis sympathizer who must b defeated regardless of continent 
all the focus is on isis , but boko haram has become the deadliest terror group 
the world's deadliest terror group isn't isis 
overtakes as world's deadliest terror group . can we finally talk about 
should be read to understand what's the world like today . 
kills more than !!! 
boko haram overtakes isis in terror deaths 
i want to work in the field of counter terror . but i don't know if i want to work for the government . suggestions ar … 
boko haram overtakes isis in terror death . global terrorism , facts and figures(2014 ) . 
boko haram takes over the spot as deadliest terrorist organization 
this group killed more people than isis last year 
did you know this ? please read - 

rt charlie sheen to " today " : i've paid millions to people who extorted me over hiv diagnosis . … 
we know that when charlie sheen admitted that he is hiv-positive , bill had kittens 
charlie sheen says he is hiv-positive 
charlie sheen says he is hiv-positive wow , charlie sheen 
rt charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . 
txmo news update : charlie sheen says he is hiv-positive - 
man ! who else missed out on the secret ??! 💸💸 
" to eradicate hiv once and for all , we must first eradicate the stigma attached to it . stigma prevents people ... 
is brave to admit that he is hiv-positive 
15 photos : charlie sheen through the years 15 photos : charlie ... 
so charlie sheen's hiv positive ... go figure 
rt via cnn breaking news : charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . … 
charlie sheen says he's hiv-positive - 
stay strong ♥ 
hope this doesn't hurt his image . charlie sheen hiv-positive 
and this made the national news because ...? 
he is awesome ! 


rt porsche blames actor paul walker for his own death in one of its sports cars . 
paul walker death : actor's fatal accident his own fault , porsche says 
rt paul walker death : actor's fatal accident his own fault , porsche says 
porsche : paul walker's accident his fault 
paul walker death : actor's fatal accident his own fault , engineers say . car was " abused and altered " 
paul walker hit a pole at 93 mph , and his daughter is suing porsche saying he only died because of a design flaw . 
paul walker death his own fault , porsche says they said the same about james dean 
paul walker's death ' his own fault ' 
paul walker death : actor's fatal accident in is his own fault , says . 
how can blame the passenger , for the crash ? bad move ! 
death : actor's fatal his own fault , says 
boycott porsche !!! rt porsche blames actor paul walker for his own death . 
paul walker death : porsche blames him 












attacks in paris are not the new normal , u.s. secretary of state john kerry tells 







rt 33 isis members killed in airstrikes in past 3 days , monitoring group says . 
latest developments : what we know right now 
at a glance : wednesday's developments 
copy of personal finance project : 
rt here are the numbers from our discussion yesterday : paris attacks : latest developments for wednesday https : … 
latest : new isis video threatens new york ... 
an video warns of an impending attack on see the latest : 
we must change . it cannot wait . latest : muslim woman , jewish teacher attacked 
paris attacks at a glance : only after 9/11 muslims defiantly put on the burka & the west is too stupid to see it ! 
attacks at a glance : wednesday's developments and new street violence in last night 
muslim woman was hit and stabbed & a jewish teacher was stabbed " by individuals uttering anti-semitic remarks 
with tensions running high across france , two attacks in the southern city of marseille drew sharp condemnation ... 
paris attacks : what you need to know - 
new isis video threatens new york . big wow the free world wants all your isis asses turned into pig food , trumped ! 
this video has been around for months . don't make it seem like this is a new threat . 
new isis video threatens attack on new york city . also today three men in france stab a jewish teacher . one was ... 
hey i found the video ( referenced in your nyc threat video clip ( it's stock footage . 
via cnn : an isis video released wednesday warns of an impending attack on new york . 
we need to be on high alert at all times .... new isis video threatens new york 
happening now : new isis video threatens new york 
great job 







rugby legend jonah lomu has died . the former new zealand player was 40 . 
rt mr_mrp : rt cnnbrk : rugby legend jonah lomu has died . the former new zealand player was … 
rt gone too soon . he made me a rugby fan . rugby legend jonah lomu has died aged 40 . … 
rt and the sad news this morning is that all blacks star jona lomu has died aged 40 cc … 




daily fantasy sports site fanduel has stopped taking bets in new york , for now . 
fanduel goes dark in new york , but draftkings is taking bets ahead court hearings next week . 
















u.n. chief will not go to north korea next week , contrary to earlier reports . 
u.n. upholds ban ... will not be visiting north korea .... 
u . n . ' s ban ki-moon not visiting north korea next week 
u . n . ' s ban ki-moon will not visit north korea next week 
chief will not go to next week , contrary to earlier reports . 
contrary to reports , un's ban ki-moon will not visit north korea next week - cnn 











