worldwide travel alert ... 
state department issues worldwide 
from ruining global travel for all . state dept . issues worldwide travel alert 
state dept travel alert is more about govt expression of power than keeping us safe 
be safe ! 
probably safe to say they have solid reasons for doing this . keep your heads on a swivel travelers . 
travels alerts to who is travelling during the holiday season . 
well this is fun considering im going to paris and england in january 
more info 
let us help you and your teams to understand the situation and to be and secure domestic and international 
alright ..., if you must travel , please be careful .... 
o: we cannot & will not succumb to fear . nor can we allow fear to divide us . that’s how terrorists win 
rt state department issues worldwide 

explosions heard in paris suburb , site of raid hunting for suspects in paris attacks . 

ebola crisis : who slammed by harvard-convened panel over slow response 
health panel says world health organization mishandled ebola outbreak response . 
" ebola crisis : who slammed over poor response " 
ebola crisis : who slammed over slow response 
crisis : slammed by harvard-convened panel over slow response 
46 . public health : 2014 - 2015 ebola epidemic , harvard university : who slammed by harvard panel over slow response 
thanks sterling -- and here's the link to the coverage of our report : 
the report is in . who's greatest failure re : ebola was waiting too long to act . 
health panel says world health organization mishandled outbreak response , rpts : 

russia says the passenger jet that crashed over egypt in october , killing 224 , was brought down by a bomb . 
rt russian metrojet crash bomb - 
russia conducted a " significant number of strikes " in raqqa , syria , in past several hours , u.s. official says . 
russia : 50m dollars for information on sinai crash 
russia says bomb brought down jet in sinai , offers $50 million reward 
2-pound bomb destroyed metrojet 
russia says bomb brought down jet in sinai , offers $50 million rward 
russia says bomb downed jet , offers $50m 
damn only wish i knew more information , or has anonymous already cashed in ? 
russia bomb offers $50 million reward 
kick butt now working with france , while our homo plays golf & is cornholed . 
russia says bomb downed jet , offers $50m , strikes isis .... 
rt $50m reward for information on russian plane crash - 
russia had conducted a " significant number of strikes " in raqqa in northern syria 
it was a bomb , acknowledges , offering $50 million reward . 
rt russian metrojet crash caused by bomb 
rt says bomb brought down jet in sinai , offers $50 million reward 
says bomb brought down jet in offers $50 million reward 

rt think the enemy has been " contained ? " think again . this new report says otherwise . 
deaths from global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , according to a new report . " 
rt global terrorism is on the rise , obama has no strategy to combat it : 
boko haram overtakes isis as world's deadliest terror group , report says 
increased by 80% in 2014 , says report - 
political violence is driving terrorism boko haram is a isis sympathizer who must b defeated regardless of continent 
all the focus is on isis , but boko haram has become the deadliest terror group 
the world's deadliest terror group isn't isis 
overtakes as world's deadliest terror group . can we finally talk about 
should be read to understand what's the world like today . 
kills more than !!! 
boko haram overtakes isis in terror deaths 
i want to work in the field of counter terror . but i don't know if i want to work for the government . suggestions ar … 
boko haram overtakes isis in terror death . global terrorism , facts and figures(2014 ) . 
boko haram takes over the spot as deadliest terrorist organization 
this group killed more people than isis last year 
did you know this ? please read - 

rt charlie sheen to " today " : i've paid millions to people who extorted me over hiv diagnosis . … 
we know that when charlie sheen admitted that he is hiv-positive , bill had kittens 
charlie sheen says he is hiv-positive 
charlie sheen says he is hiv-positive wow , charlie sheen 
rt charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . 
txmo news update : charlie sheen says he is hiv-positive - 
man ! who else missed out on the secret ??! 💸💸 
" to eradicate hiv once and for all , we must first eradicate the stigma attached to it . stigma prevents people ... 
is brave to admit that he is hiv-positive 
15 photos : charlie sheen through the years 15 photos : charlie ... 
so charlie sheen's hiv positive ... go figure 
rt via cnn breaking news : charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . … 
charlie sheen says he's hiv-positive - 
stay strong ♥ 
hope this doesn't hurt his image . charlie sheen hiv-positive 
and this made the national news because ...? 
he is awesome ! 

. is ending his campaign for president . " i've come to the realization that this is not my time . " 
rt louisiana governor bobby jindal has announced that he is ending his presidential bid , saying " this is not my time " . https :/ … 
bobby jindal announces he is ending presidential campaign 
oh damn - - lol ------ gop(r)bobby jindal announces he is ending presidential campaign 
bobby jindal : trump is a narcissist and an egomaniac , send him back to reality tv ... wow !! 
jindal ends presidential campaign 
rt jindal : ' i've come to the realization that this is not my time . ' 
louisiana gov bobby jindal bows out of 2016 race 
if a tree falls in the forest , and nobody is there to vote for it , does it make a sound 
* the price is right sad horns * 
alfred e . newman is out of the race ... we're running out of clowns . 
" i've come to the realization that this is not my time . " it never was it never was . 
rt queue queen ; another one bites the dust 
jindal releases his supporters - both of them - to vote for someone else ... ending presidential campaign 
and another one off the bus ! 
rt another one bites the dust jindal announces he is ending his presidential campaign , realizes " it's just not my time " h … 
bobby announces he is ending presidential campaign 
looked awkward talking to his own family in his own back yard . he never had a hope in hell . 
👍🏽now he can go back to understudying for bob denver in that very special episode of gilligan's island : 
oh no piyush , we're going to miss you .... not !!!!!! 
jindal drops out of presidential race good riddance 
now waiting for to also announce the same 

rt porsche blames actor paul walker for his own death in one of its sports cars . 
paul walker death : actor's fatal accident his own fault , porsche says 
rt paul walker death : actor's fatal accident his own fault , porsche says 
porsche : paul walker's accident his fault 
paul walker death : actor's fatal accident his own fault , engineers say . car was " abused and altered " 
paul walker hit a pole at 93 mph , and his daughter is suing porsche saying he only died because of a design flaw . 
paul walker death his own fault , porsche says they said the same about james dean 
paul walker's death ' his own fault ' 
paul walker death : actor's fatal accident in is his own fault , says . 
how can blame the passenger , for the crash ? bad move ! 
death : actor's fatal his own fault , says 
boycott porsche !!! rt porsche blames actor paul walker for his own death . 
paul walker death : porsche blames him 

rt protesters shut down minneapolis interstate in response to fatal police shooting . 
shooting protests shut down i-94 
shooting : videos don't show complete incident , police say 
another incident of police brutality stirs the black lives matter protestors , this time in minneapolis , mn . 
jamar clark shooting : police find videos incomplete - 
although it is under the constitution that people has the right to protest , they are doing it wrong . 
rt shooting : videos don't show complete incident , police say 
shooting protests shut down minneapolis interstate 
jamar clark shooting : demonstrators shut down minneapolis interstate 
sadly , lawless & mob rule follow shooting of another criminal : demonstrators shut down minneapolis interstate 
jamar clark shooting : minneapolis protest blocks interstate - 
minnesota : demonstrators shut down minneapolis interstate over shooting of black thug . 
shut down i-95 minneapolis interstate monday a day after the police shooting of jamar clark 
soros shuts down minneapolis interstate via 
rt shooting : demonstrators shut down interstate 
seems like shutting down roads is the right thing to do ... 
we seem to have many employees that are worthless as no one can do anything ? yes we can . protest back . don't work . 
it's like holder never left huh ? this " movement " should be shut down and shut up . 
if we start running over this fuck faces , they'll stop doing this dumb shit . 

rt paris terror attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep 
some terrorist changed his mind possibly ? 
possible suicide vest found 
" possible suicide vest found in paris suburb " - 
no sign of paris suspect in belgium raids as brussels remains under high alert - cnn 
paris attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep👉 
possible suicide vest found in garbage can . 
attacks isis from aircraft carrier , launches bid to build coalition : 
french launch attacks from carrier . possible suicide vest found 
finally a cowardly terrorist ! if only more terrorists where like salah abdeslam . 
it appears france has a new foreign policy for the muddle east that copies ours : bomb arabs . i suspect their ... 
isis hit by jets from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort 
france hits isis from aircraft carrier 
isis hit from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort france grew balls . allahu akbar ... 
france attacks isis from aircraft carrier - 

rt who's bombing in syria ? 
rt breaking : russian warplane shot down over syria , turkey says it violated airspace . on … 
rt putin : downing of a " stab in the back , " will affect russia-turkey relations . … 
rt turkey says it issued 10 warnings to the russian plane it claims to have shot down . … 
rt putin calls plane's downing by turkey ' stab in the back ' 
putin calls jet's downing ' stab in the back ' ; turkey says warning ignored 
rt turkish military says plane violated airspace ; they responded with f-16s . 
it's time for russian invincibility bubble to burst . go turkey ! 
rt russian marine killed during operation to rescue pilot whose warplane was shot down by turkey … 
turkey shot down a russian warplane , which putin calls a stab in the back . 
rt putin calls plane's downing ' stab in the back ' 
rt warplane crashes near turkey-syria border , according to semi-official turkish news agency . 
rt so , about that no-fly zone hillary clinton has been calling for ... 
rt nato chief urges ' calm and de-escalation ' , sides with turkey ... 
rt are we nearing don’t fool yourself ! it could happen ! has proved to be a pretty effective catalyst ! … 
turkey-syria border : russian plane downed - 

rt police : suicide bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
police : bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
rt at least 31 killed , 72 hurt in bomb blast in nigerian city of yola , local red cross official says . 
what's going on in nigeria is beyond sorrowful ; no word can actually described the lamentable situation that ... 
bomb blasts in yola and kano , nigeria , - 
two bomb attacks in 24 hours -- one of them involving an 11-year-old female bomber -- killed dozens of people and ... 
let's not forget .... police : bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
rt let's be sure to lift up the as fiercely as we lift up 
bomb blast kills dozens in nigerian city of yola - 
police : suicide bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market - cnn 
why do people keep posting that these horrors are not being reported by the major news media ... 
did you know about this ? world wide 
please pray for nigeria . 
after hearing about the 1-year old suicide bomber in nigeria , maybe should worry about kids ? 
tuns of reactions were seen after the paris attack in the social media . none was seen for this 
where is the coverage of the bombings in nigerian cities that occurred this week ? they deserve help & prayers too ! 
police : bombers , one of them 11 , target market 
explosion in nigeria , one of the bombers was 11 girl . killed dozens and wounded more that 120 
police : bombers , one of them an 11 year-old girl target nigeria market 
here : and here : 
they need your prayers too . bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
don't have to worry about kids being terrorists . think again , bozo : bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
omg ... what is happening in this world . why are people doing this in the name of religion ? these are not ... 
mixed feelings on this one . what do we do when we see a child who is a terrorist 
caribbean american passport extends sympathy to the families of those injured and killed in yesterday's senseless ... 
it's terrible that someone as young as 11 can be convinced to do something this horrific 
in case julie hasn't seen this , children are now suicide bombers : 
wasn't that on the 18th ? ( that is , mali is pushing it out of the news cycle ) 
it's a sad reality that young children are involved in such awful things 
kano , nigeria : 2 suicide bombers , including 11 year old girl , kill 15 , injure 123 at a phone market 

rt russia could be more helpful in stopping isis if it shifts focus of airstrikes , obama says . … 
rt chicago police official : " people have a right to be angry , people have a right to protest . " watch cnngo : 
rt chicago mayor rahm emanuel : as of today , jason van dyke is no longer being paid by the city of chicago . cnngo : … 
rt isis must be destroyed , obama says in news conference with french president hollande . live : … 
rt mayor rahm emanuel : " this episode can be a moment of understanding and learning . " watch cnngo : 
rt chicago officials speaking now about officer charged with murder in shooting of laquan mcdonald . watch cnngo : … 
rt chicago officials discuss video said to show police officer killing teen . watch cnngo : 
chicago police supt . garry mccarthy : we're here to release video [ of officer shooting teen ] . watch cnngo : 

rt brother of at-large paris attack suspect urges him to call police , reports . 

rt " strong presumption " that a 2nd person linked to the paris attacks is at large , source close to probe says . … 
officers shot and wounded during raid seeking suspect in paris terrorist attacks , cnn affiliate bfmtv reports . 
rt witnesses report gunfire in paris suburb 
rt german police say they've made 5 arrests in operations linked to paris attacks . 
32 photos : paris terror attacks 32 photos : paris terror attacks ... 
rt before paris attacks , france and allies tried to target isis member believed to have planned attack , source says . … 
more attacks in france ... 
brother of suspect salah abdeslam : surrender 
heavy gunfire in suburb of paris 
police say raid underway in paris suburb as witnesses report gunfire 
gunfire reported amid police raid in saint-denis , near paris - 
rt police officers shot & wounded during raid seeking suspect in paris terrorist attacks , cnn affiliate bfmtv reports . http … 
aftermath : brother's message to suspect being sought : surrender 
first , police raid paris suburb , heavy gunfire - h/t 

japanese gang boss found beaten to death 
did kazuma do this ? 
rt yakuza boss of japan's largest gang syndicate found bludgeoned to death . 
gang boss found beaten to death live and die by the sword . 
yakuza boss found bludgeoned to death - 
( yakuza gang boss found bludgeoned to death - 
the wars has begun ? 
damn homie went out like joe pesci in casino .. the backstory to this shit gotta be amazing script this shit now ! 
what goes around comes around 
rt boss found bludgeoned to death 

17 injured in new orleans shooting 
rt 16 people shot by thugs in new orleans in 1 nite and we r worried about isis ? go figure ! 
rt multiple people injured after shooting at new orleans park . 
rt gunmen open fire on crowd of hundreds in new orleans . i'm ok with calling it terrorism , are you ? 
- " stop shooting black people , you racist cops ! " - news : " 16 people shot at new orleans ... 
new orleans shooting many wounded - 
17 wounded in new orleans shooting , 5 in minnesota , and we're scared of syrian orphans ? the fuck , people . the fuck . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park 
as i remember it in the 1990s . how can so much joy and art and so much violence go together ? 
police no witnesses 17 injured in shootout park if black lives really matter then speak up you know who it was 
says only nation where this regularly happens . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park . in 
and ur gonna ask for a source so here you go why no ppl talk about this shit 
ya 17 blacks shot by blacks yeaterday at bunny park yet no mention on here why please explain 
why have you not mentioned the 17 blacks shotby other blks at bunny park ? doesnt fit ur narrative . 
lol did u react like this to the 17 black ppl shot at bunny park last night by other black ppl . 
are you also gonna hunt the guys that shot 17 black ppl at bunny park last night ? 
why dont u supposed supporters mention last nights massacre of blacks by blacks ? 
more 
are the black ppl who shot 17 other black ppl yesterday also terrorists . why dont u mention that ? 
why dont u pray for the 17 blacks shot in a park by other black ppl last night in new orleans ? 
black lives matter ... 
y no outrage and protests for 17 black ppl getting shot by other blacks 
why are u not mentioned the 17 black ppl shot in a park last night by other blk ppl 
16 injured in new orleans shooting 
thoughts and prayers to those affected in the new orleans shooting . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured god told you everyday this week until the dismember 
rt police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped … 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped this 
seventeen people were shot in new orleans in a crowded park . 
why worry about americans shoot at themselves . hundreds of witnesses , very few speak out . 
17 injured in park shooting in new orleans . 
how horrible ! 
if blacks reported criminals , america would be a completely different place . 
police seek witnesses after shootout at crowded park - someone knows something . come on !! 
" police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout " at bunny friend park " hundreds of witnesses " 😞 
if you see nothing , explain how you are not part of the problem . 
i love my hometown . stop the violence . 
rt shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in new orleans via 

$21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says 
$21m hatton garden jewel biggest ' in english legal history , ' lawyer says - via $ 
$21m hatton garden jewel heist biggest ' in english legal history , ' lawyer says 
huge jewel heist makes history 
$21m jewel heist biggest ' in legal history , ' lawyer says 
jewel heist so big it makes history 
rt $21 million hatton garden heist " the largest burglary in english legal history . " or garden varie … 
" $21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says " did you see this ? 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( $21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says ... 
rt largest jewel heist in england goes to trial . youngest member of the gang ? 42 . ( ht 
$21m hatton garden jewel heist biggest ' in english legal history .... straight out of a james bond film .. 
$21 million hatton garden heist " the largest burglary in english legal history . " or garden variety cybercrime 

unidentified suicide bomber may have attacked paris restaurants , official says . 
rt acting on tip , police search for suspect salah abdeslam in nw germany . … 

attacks in paris are not the new normal , u.s. secretary of state john kerry tells 

rt germany-netherlands soccer match canceled ; fans at hanover stadium asked to leave , police say . 
rt stadium in germany evacuated after " serious plans for explosions , " police chief says . 
it's smart to cancel events under terrorist threat but we also must do something so we don't live in fear 
rt happening now : german stadium evacuated ahead of soccer match with netherlands 
' serious plans for explosions ' cancel netherlands-germany soccer match 
rt cancels soccer match due to credible threats of imminent attack . 
' serious plans for explosions ' cancel netherlands-germany football match fucking cowards 
germany netherlands soccer canceled 
rt ‼️ hanover threat ‼️ soccer stadium evacuated . contained ? think not 
' serious plans for explosions ' cancel match 
' serious plans for explosions ' cancel soccer match 
' iraqi sleeper cell ' targeted germany football match 
modest proposal for angela merkel : dissolve all football teams to reduce risk of letting in millions from mideast 
german stadium evacuated before match with netherlands - 

mother and father of football analyst doug flutie die within an hour of each other . 
football great doug flutie loses par ... | 
our condolences to local legend doug flutie on the passing of his parents this week . 
damn . 
great loses an hour apart 
nfl great's parents die hour apart 
did you hear this crazy story about doug flutie ? both of his parents died within the same hour today . 
my heart goes out to my childhood hero re : loss of his parents " no eye has seen , no ear has ... 1cor 2:9 " 
doug flutie's parents die within an hour of each other : " they say you can die of a broken heart and i believe it " 

porsche blames actor paul walker for his own death in one of its sports cars . 
miss you angel 
boycott porsche !!! rt porsche blames actor paul walker for his own death . 

rt oct ' 15 was the warmest oct on record and the warmest month ever recorded relative to the month's average temp . < https … 
rt this october was the warmest on record , noaa data shows . 7 months in 2015 have been warmest ever . 
report : global temperature hike already halfway to ' two degree warming ' limit 
read 2 fast on 2 degrees , only 1/2way there … 
my bad , skimmed it , said 1/2 there … 
report : global temperature rise already halfway to ' two degree warming ' limit - 
global temperatures hit record high 
earth is nearing the ' danger zone ' 
like in my last tweet , we need to stop this before we are all doomed 
not related to race but this is a growing problem in today's world . light should be shed 
7 months this year have been hottest on record 
global temps hit new high 
world temperature is at its highest point ever , already halfway to the danger zone for our climate . 
global hike already halfway to ' two degree warming ' limit 
october was the hottest month ever , we're already halfway to the degree warning limit 
honors and cp spanish 3 ... what we have been talking about in class ( in english ) . 
rt oct'15 the warmest oct on record , the warmest month recorded relative to the month's av . temp . 

rt officials : cell phone believed used by paris attacker found ; contains message to the effect of : ' we're ready ' - http … 
french police analyzing video that may show a second suspect in paris attacks . 
latest developments in paris attacks 
latest : france pounds isis in syria ; german police arrests five 
rt officials : cell phone believed used by paris attacker recovered . contains message to effect : ok , we're ready . … 
rt cell phone believed used by paris attacker found ; contains message to the effect of : ' we're ready ' , officials say https … 
french police are working hard to get those complicit in the attacks : 
paris attacks investigation : the latest developments for tuesday tragedy 
rt retweeted ahmadiyya times ( cell phone believed used by paris attacker found ; contains message ... htt … 
investigation : black car , syringes , arrests 
in paris : what you need to know - 
the latest of the terrorist attack on paris 
paris attacks : tuesday's developments 
click this link if you really care about paris terror attacks 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( french police analyzing video that may show a second suspect in paris ... 

raid aimed to " neutralize terrorists " linked to paris attacks , french president hollande says . 
rt cnnbrk " raid aimed to " neutralize terrorists " linked to paris attacks , french president hollande sa … " 

rt 33 isis members killed in airstrikes in past 3 days , monitoring group says . 
latest developments : what we know right now 
at a glance : wednesday's developments 
copy of personal finance project : 
rt here are the numbers from our discussion yesterday : paris attacks : latest developments for wednesday https : … 
latest : new isis video threatens new york ... 
an video warns of an impending attack on see the latest : 
we must change . it cannot wait . latest : muslim woman , jewish teacher attacked 
paris attacks at a glance : only after 9/11 muslims defiantly put on the burka & the west is too stupid to see it ! 
attacks at a glance : wednesday's developments and new street violence in last night 
muslim woman was hit and stabbed & a jewish teacher was stabbed " by individuals uttering anti-semitic remarks 
with tensions running high across france , two attacks in the southern city of marseille drew sharp condemnation ... 
paris attacks : what you need to know - 
new isis video threatens new york . big wow the free world wants all your isis asses turned into pig food , trumped ! 
this video has been around for months . don't make it seem like this is a new threat . 
new isis video threatens attack on new york city . also today three men in france stab a jewish teacher . one was ... 
hey i found the video ( referenced in your nyc threat video clip ( it's stock footage . 
via cnn : an isis video released wednesday warns of an impending attack on new york . 
we need to be on high alert at all times .... new isis video threatens new york 
happening now : new isis video threatens new york 
great job 

honduran police said they detained 5 syrian men who traveled with fake passports . 
honduras detains 5 syrian men traveling with fake passports . 
honduras detains 5 syrians over fake passports - 
thank you honduras ! 
honduras detains 5 syrians over fake greek passports 

alleged ringleader targeted financial district , prosecutor says 
paris attacks : financial district may have been a target - 
unidentified suicide bomber may have attacked paris restaurants , official says . . 
paris ' ringleader ' targeted financial district 
paris attacks : possible suicide vest being analyzed - via 
at least they stopped a few potential attacks ... i wish there was a way for peace . these poor people . 
new suspect in paris attacks - 
acting on tip , police search for suspect salah abdeslam in nw germany . 
unidentified suicide bomber may have attacked paris restaurants , official says . shared via tweetcaster 
lets see greco roman terrorist look . these skinny results of 1000yrs of inbreeding and alcoholism just dont cut it 
rt acting on tip , search for in htt … 
new suspect in paris ; ringleader's 2nd attack thwarted , official says 

nbc to give 4 gop candidates free ad time to compensate for time given to trump on ‘ snl . ’ 
trump's gop rivals get ' equal time ' on nbc via 
result of donald on : trump's gop rivals get ' equal time ' ( free advertising time ) on nbc 
nbc will give john kasich , mike huckabee , james gilmore and lindsey graham ' equal time ' advertising next week . 
live from new york it's equal time ! 
nbc to give 4 gop candidates free ad time to compensate for time given to trump on ' snl . ' 
donald trump's gop rivals granted ' equal time ' on nbc 
trump's gop rivals get ' equal time ' on nbc november 23 
rt kasich , huckabee , graham & gilmore each get 12 minutes of cumulative nbc ad time in ia , nh , sc over fri & sat nights https : … 

rt house speaker paul ryan calls for a " pause " in syrian refugee program 
. calls for a pause on the syria refugee program via 
paul ryan , said , take religion , out the equation . ? let's have a koch and a pause . let's be cowardly in our ... 
paul ryan calls for pause in refugee program 
paul ryan calls for pause in program 
. speakerryan calls for a pause on the syria refugee program … 
speaker paul ryan calls for a " pause " on the syrian refugee program . " we cannot let ... 
another 
" o'er the land of the free and the home of the . . . better safe than sorry ? " 
let's hope he has the balls to get this passed ! 

charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . 
" charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . " just too brave 

rt 5 shot near jamar clark protest 
so how will we protect innocent americans from savage white males ? 
second man arrested in connection with shootings near minneapolis protest site . 
rt minneapolis police arrest a man in connection with shootings near monday's protests . 
3 in custody after shooting near jamar clark protest site in minneapolis 
rt 5 people shot near jamar clark protest site . 
rt two arrests ( so far ) of suspects in last night's shootings : 
2 arrested in shooting near jamar clark protest ... 
updated 23 minutes ago - no mention of release of the hispanic . still looking for others . 
2 held in shooting at police protest 
no words .... 
2 arrested for shooting near minneapolis black lives matter protest 
not surprised by those white supremacists but why is the hispanic man shooting @ the protesters ? 

rugby legend jonah lomu has died . the former new zealand player was 40 . 
rt mr_mrp : rt cnnbrk : rugby legend jonah lomu has died . the former new zealand player was … 
rt gone too soon . he made me a rugby fan . rugby legend jonah lomu has died aged 40 . … 
rt and the sad news this morning is that all blacks star jona lomu has died aged 40 cc … 

top story de - cnngo see more 
top story : cnngo see more 
with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
rt with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
top story : with raymond cnngo see more 
top story : info & news cnngo see more 
rt ewrmadrid top story : ewrmadrid practice cnngo see more 
top story : practice cnngo see more 
top story : try1 cnngo see more 
discussing it on 
cnngo you can watch the charleston episode on cnngo … :) 
. does not represent islam ... those type of stereotypes are counterproductive . live : 

house speaker paul ryan calls for a " pause " in syrian refugee program 

rt pray for families & loved ones of the 4 crew members who died in a helicopter crash at fort hood yesterday . ht … 
rt 4 killed in yesterday's crash of a u.s. army helicopter during a training mission in texas , fort hood says . … 
fort hood helicopter crash leaves 4 dead - 
4 dead in u.s. army helicopter crash at fort hood 
4 dead in u.s. army helicopter crash at fort hood - cnn 
rt 4 families are going to get a call none of us want 🇺🇸😞🙏🏻 4 dead in us army helicopter crash at fort hood … 
4 dead in army copter crash 
ft . hood tragedy . please remember these families . rip soldiers 

daily fantasy sports site fanduel has stopped taking bets in new york , for now . 
fanduel goes dark in new york , but draftkings is taking bets ahead court hearings next week . 

. on protester : " maybe he should have been roughed up " 
just had a lovely convo with a facebook " friend " who feels race didn't have much to do with this situation . 
hmmm , i guess 
rt . on protester : " maybe he should have been roughed up " … 
speaking of causing racial tension 
up until now i've largely refrained from making any comments or statements about trump as i didn't want to ... 
trump on protester : ' maybe he should have been roughed up ' - cnn 
in case you don't know what i'm referring to , here's what happened . 
rt protester at rally says he was called " monkey " & n-word : https://… 
rt trump : ' maybe he should have been roughed up'/ a candidate 4 prez shouldn't incite & condone violence of americans … 
this is what you're supporting when you support trump . no longer a joke . racism . violence . mob mentality . 
this got overlooked in the media , but at his alabama rally the donald declared , " this christmas season -- all ... 
watch the footage . think for yourself . don't vote for the next hitler . 
watch the footage . think for yourself . don't vote for donald trump . 
go away , trump . please . 
so , apparently trump thinks that people of color who dare to speak out against with should be " roughed up " : 
are people real going to vote for this clown ? smfh !!! 
this is what campaign represents more than anything else . he's the champion of a-holes everywhere 
trump : maybe protester deserved it 
trump supports beat up protestor in act of barbarism lynch mob 
stay classy , and by that i mean go take a long walk off a short pier . 

7 dead after helicopter crashes in kashmir on way back from hindu shrine 
kashmir helicopter crash kills 7 
kashmir helicopter crash kills 7 - smh 😔 
7 dead in helicopter crash 

police : 7 afghan children killed after playing with rocket 
small afghan children killed playing with weapons of war & terror 
7 kids killed playing with rocket - 7 kids killed playing with rocket 
7 children killed after playing with rocket 
police : rocket tip explodes while afghan children play with it , kills 7 . 
who the hell just lets kids throw a rocket tip around like a ball . 
police : 7 afghan kids killed playing with rocket so sad when children are the casualties of war . 
police : 7 afghan children killed playing with rocket - 
kids , no playing with the rocket tip please ... wtf ? police : rocket tip explodes while afghan children play with ... 

dashcam video of teen's shooting death released 
protesters march as police release video of officer shooting teen | 
rt a chicago police officer has been charged with 1st-degree murder in the 2014 shooting death of laquan mcdonald . … 
he was a ward of the state . city gave $5 million to a family that failed him and never filed a lawsuit . 
i'll never understand how a cop thinks this is justified & that we'll just go along with it . & 20 prior complaints ? 
chicago police officer charged with murder - 
rt chicago police officer who shot laquan mcdonald charged with murder 
news trending march after released video of officer shooting teen 
die like a dog 
chicago mayor calls for calm as police release video of officer shooting teen 
( our ) u . s . judiciary & law enforcement needs an enema - chicago police release video of officer shooting teen 
if it wasn't the us there would surely be some us-government-related report calling these extrajudicial killings . 
rt releasing video . leaders urge calm . by & … 
chicago protesters : police release graphic dash-cam video of officer shooting teen 16 times mayor asked for peace @ 
chicago protesters march as police release video - 
it is so sad how many times does this have to happen before the people wake up 
am i being naive ? why are there protests when the cop is getting charged with 1st degree murder ? it's blatantly ... 
suck dick officers 
please hold chicago up in prayer !! 
people ... if you know me you know i do not often post controversial opinions . honestly , i have had mixed ... 
fucking pigs here to ya chicago 
breaking news : police release video of officer shooting laquan mcdonald . chicago has turned restless now 

second air france flight from u.s. to paris diverted . 
rt faa : air france flight headed from la to paris diverted due to security incident . 
2 air france flights from u.s. to paris diverted - 
2 jets were diverted after bomb threats : 
rt 2 air france flights diverted due to bomb threats 
how long will the threats last ? bomb threats on 2 flights from us to 
2 air france flights from u.s. diverted after bomb threats 

somali pirates seize iranian , thai ships - 
pirates seize ships 

fed signals that a rate hike may be near . interest rates haven't been raised since december 2008 . 
top story : fed signals rate hike may finally be near - nov . 18 , 2015 see more 
there are signs the fed may finally be ready to act when it meets next , on december 15-16 . 
serge_poznanski : cnnmoney : rt cnnbrk : fed signals that a rate hike may be near . interest rates haven't been raised … 

french president hollande says he'll ask lawmakers to extend state of emergency by 3 months . 

rugby legend jonah lomu dies , age 40 
rugby legend jonah lomu has died . the former new zealand player was 40 . " 
jonah lomu : all black rugby great dies , age 40 
sad to see jonah pass , he made rugby amazing for me ! rip 
all black rugby legend jonah lomu dies at 40 
so sad !! i can't believe it . rip to one of the greatest . jonah lomu dead at 40 
rt gone too soon . he made me a rugby fan . rugby legend jonah lomu has died aged 40 . … 

second man arrested in connection with shootings near minneapolis protest site . 
rt minneapolis police arrest a man in connection with shootings near monday's protests . 
rt 5 people shot near jamar clark protest site . 

pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests in pregnant wife's murder 
violence is everywhere 
we have a sick culture in america . arrests in death of pastors wife . they were on crime spree . don't blame poverty . 
do they have the death penalty in indiana ? suspects arrested in the murder of the pastor's wife . 
do t forget the pastors pregnant wife murdered in indianapolis . 
rt police arrest man in connection with murder of pregnant pastor's wife . 
. so use spot-metering . 
amanda blackburn news : 
" today i am deciding to love , not hate . " 
indiana amanda blackburn killing arrest - 
pastor chooses ' love not hate ' after wife's killing 
two arrested in death of pastor's wife amanda blackburn 
controversy ? amanda blackburn murdered . 
where is the outrage , protests , and signs for ? 
when the media gonna fawn over this husbands ability to forgive ? 
man arrested in pastor's wife murder case - 
- there is real evil in this world , and these soulless , disgusting monsters prove it . 
men arrested in pastor's wife killing 
" choosing to let my emotions drive my decisions is recipe for a hopeless and fruitless life . " 
cnn has them shown here . think obama will comment on this case ? don't hold your breath ... 
imagine if the races were reversed pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests pregnant wife's murder 
no punishment on earth will be as bad as when these two get to hell . 
white lives matter as much as any other life . killing is killing our blood flows the same . respect to this ... 

rt trucks full of heavily armed french soldiers in full military gear arrive at scene of saint-denis raids . 
rt 2 terrorist suspects dead in saint-denis : 1 shot by sniper , other blew herself up , french media reports . 
rt 3 suspected terrorists killed in raid in paris suburb of saint-denis , official tells cnn . 3 police officers hurt . … 
rt explosions heard in paris suburb , site of raid hunting for suspects in paris attacks . … 
2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 
rt suspected ringleader of is target of massive police operation in paris suburb , afp says . 
rt french president hollande says he'll ask lawmakers to extend state of emergency by 3 months . … 
2 killed , 8 held after raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 
" it was a war zone . " one resident describes the raid . reports : 
rt 5 people arrested during police raid in saint-denis , paris prosecutor's office said . 
rt suspects have been cornered in building in paris suburb , saint-denis mayor tells cnn affiliate bfm-tv . 
rt 2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but ringleader's status still unknown 
rt raid near paris was " right on time , " police source says , adding suspects " about to move on some kind of operation . " … 
suspected ringleader abaaoud not in custody , french prosecutor says ; no id yet for two suspects killed in raid 
rt french will use dna testing to determine if paris terror attack ringleader was in apartment raided by police … 
top firearms link of the day : 
rt the 2 killed in saint-denis raids still unidentified ; suspected ringleader abaaoud not in custody , prosecutor says . … 
saint-denis raid : 3 terror suspects killed , police say - 
rt all 129 of those killed in friday's paris attacks have been identified , french council of ministers says . … 
dna tested to see if suspected ring leader died 
gunfire reported amid police raid in saint-denis , near paris 
dna tests to determine whether attack leader died in raid 
dead or alive ? dna tests to see if suspected ring leader died 
2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 

canada to resettle 25,000 syrian refugees within three months . 

charlie sheen to " today " : i've paid millions to people who extorted me over hiv diagnosis . 
barbadostoday : rt cnnbrk : charlie sheen to " today " : i've paid millions to people who extorted me over hiv diagnosi … 

' jihadi john ' associate arrested 
associate on his way to europe was arrested in turkey 
associate on his way to was arrested in - 
jihadi john associate arrested in turkey - 
our terrorist pal is fortunate we don't behead people . jihadi john associatewas arrested in turkey 

poll : racism a big problem in us 
a big problem in u.s. 
is racism on the rise ? more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 
49% of americans say racism is a “ big problem , ” according to new cnn/kaiser family foundation poll . 
is racism on the rise ? no , social supremacy is . the way out is to change social class and only in america you can 
rt poll says that roughly half of americans believe is " a big problem " today . and water is wet . … 
racism is a ' big problem ' to more americans , poll finds - - 
rt . asks " is racism on the rise ? " and then doesn't bother to ask asian americans . … 
this news is relevant : see ya'll after 7 . 
is racism on the rise ? new poll suggests more ppl think racism is a problem in 2015 than they did in 2011 & 1995 : 
watch cnn tonight 10pm est : is on the rise ? more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 
can't believe cnn make charts like this .. it's terrible . ' cnn/kff poll finds 
great article explores complexities of racism in america today cnn/kff poll finds 
is racism on the rise ? no . look at the british class or indian caste systems , people should stop calling it racism 
gee . i wonder why ... // more in u.s. say racism is a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 
well duh . it doesn't take a genius or a poll to know that racism has been and continues to be a very big problem : 
rt is race still an issue in america ? tune into tonight 11pmet 
is racism on the rise ? no . poverty and single parent families are , and the growing need for tribal-like communities 
tonight at 10:00 est on cnn : race&reality . 49% of us residents believe racism is a big problem 

u.n. chief will not go to north korea next week , contrary to earlier reports . 
u.n. upholds ban ... will not be visiting north korea .... 
u . n . ' s ban ki-moon not visiting north korea next week 
u . n . ' s ban ki-moon will not visit north korea next week 
chief will not go to next week , contrary to earlier reports . 
contrary to reports , un's ban ki-moon will not visit north korea next week - cnn 

officials : u.s. airstrike in afghanistan mistakenly targeted hospital instead of nearby taliban site . 

isis claims responsibility for today's hotel bombing that killed at least 4 in egypt's sinai peninsula . 
isis claims responsibility in sinai hotel bombing that kills 4 
" contained . " " isis claims responsibility for todays hotel bombing that killed at least 4 in sinai peninsula . " 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( isis claims responsibility for today's hotel bombing that killed at least ... 

mali hotel attack : president calls for unity 
mali hotel tack : president calls for unity to fight terror " 
gunmen shot ' anything that moved ' 
hotel attack : calls for unity to fight terror - 

brava ! 2015 of the year : maggie doyne : 
2015 cnn hero of the year maggie doyne helps women , children in nepal . 
cnn's 2015 hero of the year : maggie doyne - 
rt cnn 2015 hero of the year maggie doyne helps women , children in nepal 
cnn hero of the year helps women , children in nepal 
check out 2015 of the year maggie doyne who helps women , children in 
this coming week reach out to your hero and tell them how proud you are of them . maggie job well done . 
shows there really is more love than hate 
rt cnn 2015 hero of the year : new jersey's maggie doyne , who started women’s center , school , children’s home in nepal . … 
in case you missed it , our friend is the 2015 cnn hero of the year . thrilled ! 
rt the power to create the world we want to live in-2015 cnn hero of the year https://… 
rt congratulations to maggie doyne on becoming the 2015 cnn hero of the year ! after a backpacking trip to nepal ,... … 
it's our privilege k maggie awarded with cnn heron ward while doing service in nepal .. congratulation ,,! 
jody farley-berens of voted top 10 congratulations ! 
icymi : cnn hero of yr not rev . joyner , who remains tops w/ nccf . he's in good co tho . tune in dec . 6 for show . 
i still have faith in humanity after this story . in times of need , we should reach out . 
congratulations to new jersey's own maggie doyne ! 
congratulations to maggie doyne for getting the hero of the year award ! 💪 
maggie doyne 2015 cnn hero helps nepal's women , children wrote abt her in 2010 
a big heart can take you a long way ! congrats to blinknow winning the cnn hero of the year . 
congratulations to mendham's very own for winning hero of the year ! so well-deserved . 
powerful 
' we have the power to create the world that we want to live in , ' she says 
fellow new jerseyian maggie doyne shows us what a home grown hero looks like ! congrats maggie ! 
rt congratulations to pro bono client & founder of for being named by https : … 

paris prosecutor is reporting on today's raids in saint-denis . watch live : 

obama's son : black student slashes throat and rapes white female teacher 
of course cnn won't show a picture of the teen who murdered and raped a white teacher ... he's black 
videos show accused student following teacher before she is killed 
boy accused of raping , killing teacher was seen on video following her moments before slaying . 
videos show student following teacher before she is killed 
student seen following teacher before she was killed 

rt cia director john brennan says u.s. should welcome refugees , but he's evaluating how to strengthen screening . … 
cia chief wants to strengthen refugee screening 
chief wants to strengthen refugee screening are playing into agenda 
the cia chief says he wants to strengthen refugee screening via 
the cia chief says he wants to strengthen refugee screening … 
rt cia director brennan says u.s. should welcome refugees , but he's evaluating screening . 

rt a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in recent months . 
isis books & gifts in denver is vandalized . 
here's your weekend edition of " things bigoted , ignorant idiots do " 
low-iq squad vandalized " isis " bookstore--can't read/comprehend societal basics themselves 
wrong isis : bookstore vandalized 
denver store named isis is vandalized . . . as a stupid hateful fuck believes terrorists have their own bookstore . . 
denver bookstore named isis is vandalized 
either she's really dumb or a terrible business-woman ... or both . solution : change the name of your store . 
ok folks there are 270 business/product with isis name attached they are not affiliated with the terrorist ... 
how ignorant can you be ? 
isis books & gifts , a local new age store , vandalized . it's named after the ancient egyptian goddess isis , folks ! 
more than 270 businesses and products have isis in their trademarks 
what happens when your trademark is adopted by a terrorist organization ? via 
please start calling --> 
bookstore in denver vandalized because of its name . 
denver's isis bookstore vandalized 
please tell me the ' people ' who did this have voluntarily locked the door behind them to our gene pool . 
book store in targeted 
oh dear . “ a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in recent months 
“ a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in recent months . ” 
rt lol rt denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in recent months ht … 

rt deaths from global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , according to a new report . … 
so only australia& " eastasia " r terrorism free whos coming w/me ? 

passenger restrained during flight to boston 
passenger restrained during british airways flight to boston : 
boston british airways passenger restrained - 
passenger allegedly tried to open an exit door ! ~ jo ... 

authorities carry out raids in belgium leading to the arrests of 16 people . " 
brussels remains under highest terror alert amid warning of ' imminent threat ' # 
multiple raids in brussels as police seek isis terrorists 
16 arrested in anti-terror raids 
belgian police arrest 16 , but isis ringleader still on the run 

