' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city 
one wheel 
no hoverboard-like gadgets in the park ? " they're considered vehicles , and vehicles can't be driven on sidewalks . " 
| ' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city via 
' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city - cnn 
i farm inside a used shipping container via 
how to get your weirdest ideas manufactured in the u.s. via 
no more ' hoverboard ' 😢 
seriously ? get the fuck outta here . 
retw bmessi13 : rt chandler_rome : so someone's going to have to break the news to ben simmons and company before ne … 
so someone's going to have to break the news to ben simmons and company before next week . 
4 holidays r now n 
retw chandler_rome : so someone's going to have to break the news to ben simmons and company before next week . 
are illegal in via 
seems hover boards are already being banned 
lmao 50 bucks ? 
any chance we could get conway to follow suit ? i see these stupid things everywhere - city roads incl 
are in new york city november 18 - cnnmoney 
check before you buy one . illegal in new york city via cnnmoney 
it's official : ' hoverboards ' are now illegal in via 
wow , government just gets worse every day : ' hoverboards ' illegal in new york city via 
really ? 😒 
yes . " hoverboards , " aka douchemobiles , are now illegal in nyc ! 
ny state dmv told me fines are up to $50 on the 2nd violation 
money cnn technology hoverboard nyc illegal index 

rt at least 31 killed , 72 hurt in bomb blast in nigerian city of yola , local red cross official says . 
what's going on in nigeria is beyond sorrowful ; no word can actually described the lamentable situation that ... 
bomb blasts in yola and kano , nigeria , - 
two bomb attacks in 24 hours -- one of them involving an 11-year-old female bomber -- killed dozens of people and ... 
police : bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
rt let's be sure to lift up the as fiercely as we lift up 
bomb blast kills dozens in nigerian city of yola - 
police : suicide bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market - cnn 
why do people keep posting that these horrors are not being reported by the major news media ... 
did you know about this ? world wide 
please pray for nigeria . 
after hearing about the 1-year old suicide bomber in nigeria , maybe should worry about kids ? 
tuns of reactions were seen after the paris attack in the social media . none was seen for this 
where is the coverage of the bombings in nigerian cities that occurred this week ? they deserve help & prayers too ! 
police : bombers , one of them 11 , target market 
explosion in nigeria , one of the bombers was 11 girl . killed dozens and wounded more that 120 
police : bombers , one of them an 11 year-old girl target nigeria market 
here : and here : 
they need your prayers too . bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
don't have to worry about kids being terrorists . think again , bozo : bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
omg ... what is happening in this world . why are people doing this in the name of religion ? these are not ... 
mixed feelings on this one . what do we do when we see a child who is a terrorist 
caribbean american passport extends sympathy to the families of those injured and killed in yesterday's senseless ... 
it's terrible that someone as young as 11 can be convinced to do something this horrific 
in case julie hasn't seen this , children are now suicide bombers : 
wasn't that on the 18th ? ( that is , mali is pushing it out of the news cycle ) 
it's a sad reality that young children are involved in such awful things 
kano , nigeria : 2 suicide bombers , including 11 year old girl , kill 15 , injure 123 at a phone market 
rt an 11 year old female suicide bomber . blows up ... 
girl , 11 , was a bomber in nigeria 

facebook 
nigeria had 7,512 deaths from terrorism in 2014 , a 300% increase from 2013 . zuckerberg activated fb safety check . 
facebook's safety check activated following nigeria bombing - nov . 18 , 2015 
32000 deaths around the globe , 7512 out of nigeria alone in 2014 credits terrorism 
facebook's safety check activated following nigeria … 
yahoo facebook tools easier donate money 
safety check activated following bombing 
sciencedaily releases 2015 11 151118071015 htm 
i was tongue in cheeking but did turn on its 4 
finally 

brings putin and together 
isis brings putin , obama together 
comflexity 
well heck , who is donald gonna choose for vp now ? 
brings putin and together via 
retweeted cnn politics ( brings putin and together 
rt brings putin and potus together | cnnpolitics — cnn philippines ( cnnphilippines ) november 18 , … 
brings putin and potus together | cnnpolitics — cnn philippines ( cnnphilippines ) november 18 , 2015 
two pronged " super power " approach plausible ? " 
brings putin and potus together | cnnpolitics | via cnn philippines 
will change in dynamics b/t & due to conflicts elsewhere ( syria ) have impact on the via 
brings together 

more than half of u.s. governors say not welcome . this map breaks it down : 

rt thousands of airport workers across the u.s. are going on strike tonight via … 

" groundbreaking same-sex wedding takes place in ireland " 

putin offers $50 million reward to anyone who can lead the investigators to those responsible for the plane terror . 
putin offers $50 million reward for egypt plane bombers 
putin offers $50 million reward for egypt plane bombers via 
one thing you can say about this man is that he puts his money where his mouth is .... 
russia is offering $50 million reward for egypt plane bombers 
$50 million dollars bounty by 
offers $50 million reward for plane bombers via 
russia is offering a $50 million reward for egypt plane bombers . 
offers $50 million for info on terrorists behind 

. explains his opposition to admitting syrian refugees 
john kasich explains opposition to admitting syrian refugees 
" you know we understand these people are in trouble , but think about putting somebody on our street .. " 
i don't need an explanation . . 
kasich explains opposition to admitting refugees 

not even 5-year-old orphans . one governor draws a red line on syrian refugees : 

' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow debate 
' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow debate via 
he's back . ' you know nothing jon snow ' via 
" what is dead may never die , " right ? poster fuels jon snow debate . 
is still alive ? 
new " game of thrones " poster : jon snow lives ... maybe 
' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow dead or alive debate 
hbo posted a teaser poster for the upcoming " game of thrones " season six that included a bloody jon snow . 

rt 1.6 billion muslims & cnn found 3 to speak out against paris . wow cnn , you convinced me muslims oppose terrorism . https : … 
condemn attacks in 
atravelersnote : rt cnnimpact : condemn attacks in 
rt the campaign shows muslims appalled at the attacks in paris + condemning those attacks . 
maybe you just need to pay attention ... 
retweeted jay howard ( muslims , including butler university student dania saltagi ,... 
cnn has finally broadcasted something positive ! wow i'm shocked lol 
muslim butler student dania saltagi , featured in this article on the social media campaign !... 
most people aren't terrorists . let's stand with our muslim friends . 
muslims are speaking out against isis . 
why are you too much of a jerk to report this side of the story ? last night was the opposite : 
muslims condemn paris attacks 
muslims condemn try reading your own news >> << 
condemn isis , but then pretend they have nothing to do with islam . good , not good enough . 
just so you know ... 
glad to see good muslims standing up against the bad ones ! 
here you go james baker 
- the end of this report where they're washing the sidewalk , hits hard 

call out 4 support who does not think america shld get $15 
. endorses for president via 
. endorses hillary clinton for president 
this is pretty huge . . endorses clinton . story on clinton's latest union pick up via 
labor continues to support clinton in this latest endorsement . 

after paris attacks : an opportunity for assad ? - 
paris attacks may empower isis enemy assad 

rt rep muslims are feeling a need to assert their patriotism after … 
rep keithellison : muslims are feeling a need to assert their patriotism after … 
( via ) cnn : rep keithellison : muslims are feeling a need to assert their patriotism after … 

2 flights from us to paris diverted because of bomb threats - cnn : 
2 air france flights diverted because of bomb threats ...... 
air france flights from us to paris diverted because of bomb threats - cnn 
2 air france flights diverted due to bomb threats 
2 air france flights from u.s. to paris diverted - 
rt two air france flights bound for paris diverted due to bomb threats . 
securities linked to travel took a fresh hit , on the heels of diversion of air france-klm flights yesterday 
how long before american football will have to be cancelled on a regular basis . 
we are relieved to hear is safe after her scary flight to europe : 
2 air france jets in emergency landings after bomb threats 
2 air france flights from us to paris diverted because of bomb … 
2 flights from u.s. to diverted because of both flights landed safely tuesday night .. 
2 air france flights from us to paris diverted because of bomb threats 
2 air france flights from us to paris diverted due to bomb threats - cnn 
air france planes diverted due to bomb threats ... one to salt lake 
2 air france flights from us diverted due to bomb threats ! comments ? ~ jo ... 
web dsign 2 air france flights diverte ... 

here's what we know so far about the 
rt cnn : here's what we know so far about the 


investors shaken by paris attacks flee to germany 
rt investors shaken by paris attacks flee to germany 
money cnn investing germany borrowing cost record low index 
borrowing costs in plunge to record lows after via 
paris attacks push investors into safe haven germany 
germany has never been able to borrow money as cheaply as it can now via 

9 held in deadly beirut bombings 
9 people have been arrested in connection with the beirut bombings that left more than 40 dead . 
not only is it happening in paris , but all around the world . we only see what the media shows us 
inform yourself !! 
we focus on the paris bombings but this is happening in other places . we pay attention to the media only 
nine arrested in beirut bombing 
9 held in beirut bombings : 
day before aka isil attacks wounding 200 , killing 41 . too 
isis claims responsibility for beirut bombing 
9 held in deadly bombings 
9 held in deadly that killed more than 40 people and injured over 280 last thursday . 

multiple people injured after shooting at new orleans park . 
16 injured in new orleans shooting 
police seek witnesses after shootout at crowded park - someone knows something . come on !! 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park 
17 injured in new orleans shooting 
16 people shot by thugs in new orleans in 1 nite and we r worried about isis ? go figure ! 
" police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout " at bunny friend park " hundreds of witnesses " 😞 
more 
if you see nothing , explain how you are not part of the problem . 
i love my hometown . stop the violence . 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in new orleans 
breaking news that just occurred in louisiana 
what's up with 
why are mass shooting becoming so popular ? 16 dead at a music video shoot . 
shooting in new orleans leaves many injured 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in 😔 
new orleans it would be astonishing to go a day or two without killings 
of course the people were not terrified and this is not terrorism 
the shooting at a new orlean park left 16 injured . 700 ppl were gathered at the park 
shooting breaks out at new orleans park notice how the medea neglects to say the word black . 
this upsets me . senseless shootings need to stop shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in neworleans 
it looks like new orleans has become the " wild , wild , west " !!! 
16 injured in at a playground : 
shootings everywhere ! make it stop ! 
police seek witnesses after 17 people were injured in shooting at crowded new orleans park 

" new campaign ad mentions " 
new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions 

rt . it's difficult to prove refugees are christian 
. realdonaldtrump : it's difficult to prove refugees are christian 
remember ? 👇 " it's difficult to prove refugees are christian " 
smh ... " it's difficult to prove refugees are christian " 

rt germany-netherlands soccer match canceled ; fans at hanover stadium asked to leave , police say . 
rt stadium in germany evacuated after " serious plans for explosions , " police chief says . 
it's smart to cancel events under terrorist threat but we also must do something so we don't live in fear 
rt happening now : german stadium evacuated ahead of soccer match with netherlands 
germany netherlands soccer canceled 
' serious plans for explosions ' cancel netherlands-germany soccer match 
rt cancels soccer match due to credible threats of imminent attack . 
' serious plans for explosions ' cancel netherlands-germany football match fucking cowards 
rt ‼️ hanover threat ‼️ soccer stadium evacuated . contained ? think not 
' serious plans for explosions ' cancel match 
' serious plans for explosions ' cancel soccer match 
' iraqi sleeper cell ' targeted germany football match 
modest proposal for angela merkel : dissolve all football teams to reduce risk of letting in millions from mideast 
german stadium evacuated before match with netherlands - 

boko haram overtakes isis as world's deadliest terror group , report says 
deaths from global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , according to a new report . " 
increased by 80% in 2014 , says report - 
political violence is driving terrorism boko haram is a isis sympathizer who must b defeated regardless of continent 
rt global terrorism is on the rise , obama has no strategy to combat it : 
all the focus is on isis , but boko haram has become the deadliest terror group 
the world's deadliest terror group isn't isis 
overtakes as world's deadliest terror group . can we finally talk about 
should be read to understand what's the world like today . 
kills more than !!! 
boko haram overtakes isis in terror deaths 
i want to work in the field of counter terror . but i don't know if i want to work for the government . suggestions ar … 
boko haram overtakes isis in terror death . global terrorism , facts and figures(2014 ) . 
boko haram takes over the spot as deadliest terrorist organization 
this group killed more people than isis last year 
did you know this ? please read - 

lawmakers turn their focus to security in the wake of the via 
lawmakers turn focus to security in wake of paris attacks 
follow the money ! terrorists don't seem to wok for a living . unless their " job " is to kill innocent people every ... 
the paris attacks are reverberating on capitol hill as lawmakers turn their attention to security : 

we know that when charlie sheen admitted that he is hiv-positive , bill had kittens 
rt charlie sheen to " today " : i've paid millions to people who extorted me over hiv diagnosis . … 
charlie sheen says he is hiv-positive 
charlie sheen says he is hiv-positive wow , charlie sheen 
rt charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . 
txmo news update : charlie sheen says he is hiv-positive - 
man ! who else missed out on the secret ??! 💸💸 
" to eradicate hiv once and for all , we must first eradicate the stigma attached to it . stigma prevents people ... 
is brave to admit that he is hiv-positive 
15 photos : charlie sheen through the years 15 photos : charlie ... 
so charlie sheen's hiv positive ... go figure 
rt via cnn breaking news : charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . … 
charlie sheen says he's hiv-positive - 
stay strong ♥ 
hope this doesn't hurt his image . charlie sheen hiv-positive 
and this made the national news because ...? 
he is awesome ! 

rt 33 isis members killed in airstrikes in past 3 days , monitoring group says . 
latest developments : what we know right now 
at a glance : wednesday's developments 
copy of personal finance project : 
rt here are the numbers from our discussion yesterday : paris attacks : latest developments for wednesday https : … 
latest : new isis video threatens new york ... 
an video warns of an impending attack on see the latest : 
we must change . it cannot wait . latest : muslim woman , jewish teacher attacked 
paris attacks at a glance : only after 9/11 muslims defiantly put on the burka & the west is too stupid to see it ! 
attacks at a glance : wednesday's developments and new street violence in last night 
muslim woman was hit and stabbed & a jewish teacher was stabbed " by individuals uttering anti-semitic remarks 
with tensions running high across france , two attacks in the southern city of marseille drew sharp condemnation ... 
paris attacks : what you need to know - 
new isis video threatens new york . big wow the free world wants all your isis asses turned into pig food , trumped ! 
this video has been around for months . don't make it seem like this is a new threat . 
new isis video threatens attack on new york city . also today three men in france stab a jewish teacher . one was ... 
hey i found the video ( referenced in your nyc threat video clip ( it's stock footage . 
via cnn : an isis video released wednesday warns of an impending attack on new york . 
we need to be on high alert at all times .... new isis video threatens new york 
happening now : new isis video threatens new york 
great job 

names released of officers involved in shooting ; latest updates : 

test foreign policy credentials 
test realbencarson's foreign policy credentials 
test realbencarson's foreign policy credentials … 


rt . on not even 5-year-old orphans 
. chrischristie on not even 5-year-old orphans 

. is on the attack via 
new , from west des moines -- ted cruz , who refused to touch contrast with a stick , now finds himself in crosshairs . 
ted cruz , on the attack 
. on the attack : a look at his campaign 

rt . governors are " our last line of defense " against isis 
. sarahpalinusa : governors are " our last line of defense " against isis 

rt the inconvenient truth : there's no military answer to war on isis ( via 
cnn : the inconvenient truth : there's no military answer to war on isis ( via cnnopinion ) ( … 
the inconvenient truth : there's no military answer to war on isis ( via via 

cnn politics sen. bernie sanders ' long-awaited speech on democratic socialism has been s … 
bernie sanders sets socialism speech date 
democratic socialism , soon in bernie sanders ' own words - 
. sets socialism speech date to compete with via 
sanders sets socialism speech date to compete with clinton 
bernie will explain what democratic socialism is , and his views moving forward . for all who are scared of this ... 
rt bernie sanders sets socialism speech date - 
sets dem socialism speech date to compete with so she can 
heads up . sets socialism speech date ( tomorrow ? ) to compete with hillary clinton 
if this guy gets in we'll all wear sack-cloth in the end . i guess that could be counted as one form of equality ! 
sanders sets speech date to compete with clinton 
. sets the date for his socialism speech — same day as foreign policy address : 

the future of 
" because they represent life . " portraits of the future -- the youth of 
in the wake of the paris attacks , took portraits of young people across the city : 
" it was the youth of france who were targeted simply because they represent life , " french president francois ... 

extent of isis in syria's role in plotting paris attacks questioned 
extent of isis in syria's role in plotting questioned 
extent of in syria's role in plotting attacks questioned . 
no details but i think is accurate : extent of isis in syria's role in plotting paris attacks questioned 
4 . 2015 paris massacre , isis , syrian direction potentials : extent of isis in syria's role in attacks questioned 
here we go again . muddling around about where and % of radicalness of the islamic perps . an inconvenient truth . 
extent of in role in plotting questioned 
interesting to know how little we know about what happened in paris : 
isis in syria's role paris attacks questioned who cares ? rather quick response by france , hu ? exactly 
cnn politics paris terror attacks isis syria index 

authorities gave the all-clear in diverted air france flights : 
rt cnn : authorities gave the all-clear in diverted air france flights : via cnnmoney 
cnnmoney : rt cnn : authorities gave the all-clear in diverted air france flights : 
rt cnn : authorities gave the all-clear in diverted air france flights : … 

rt french president hollande invokes eu treaty , hoping to build coalition against isis 
cnn : french president hollande invokes eu treaty , hoping to build coalition against isis 

enough with the french flag logo 
" enough with the french flag facebook logo " 
be careful of the national identity you perpetuate by posting the french colors- 
enough with the french facebook logo 
i have to disagree with the author on this opinion piece . i have french blood , and will not ever forget this time ... 
did you really mistakenly call nyc as gotham ?? 
opinion : enough with french flag facebook logo - 
giving them this is props for more to come . 
opinion : drop that facebook logo 
enough with the flag logo 
retweet if yoiu agree , enough with the french flag facebook profile pics link : 
over trivializing the french tri-colour . stop it 
if you’re an american w/ a facebook french profile pic , wow , what a true patriot ! now , on to cat videos . harsh ? 
i can't disagree with this . also , no one changed to russia or beirut's flag ... " enough with the french flag fb logo " 
" an american with a french facebook flag demeans the war on terror and is as effective as a smiley face . " 
why you shouldn't tri color your social media profile pictures 
another core component of american and french democracy is freedom of expression | 
interesting read . 
why your tricolor support doesn't mean shit . 
american leadership needs to translate the requirements for the war on terror from symbols to tangible action . 
james mulvaney doesn't agree with your profile pics , you guys , so , you know , better switch them back now . 
i couldn't agree more . people need to actually help , not just bandwagon on social media . 
" i am not going to tricolor my face " : james mulvaney writes that the logo trivializes the war on terror 
i'm keeping my tricolor facebook ! you can shove it and go back to your " careless " life ! 
agreed . proves again why it's a mistake to expect deep thoughts from anyone on facebook . 
i totally agree ! 
wtf is this guys problem , tell me what you think ... 
in case you didn't have enough poutrage in your daily diet . 

rt facebook's safety check activated following bombing in yola , nigeria : 
ketchcast : rt cnn : facebook's safety check activated following bombing in yola , nigeria : 

rt what we know about abdelhamid abaaoud , the suspected ringleader of the attacks : … 
cnn : what we know about abdelhamid abaaoud , the suspected ringleader of the attacks : … 
repar_info52 : rt cnn : what we know about abdelhamid abaaoud , the suspected ringleader of the attacks : … 
mujahidnazmeera : rt cnn : what we know about abdelhamid abaaoud , the suspected ringleader of the attacks : … 
what we know about abdelhamid abaaoud , the suspected ringleader of the attack … 

rugby legend jonah lomu dies , age 40 
rugby legend jonah lomu has died . the former new zealand player was 40 . " 
jonah lomu : all black rugby great dies , age 40 
sad to see jonah pass , he made rugby amazing for me ! rip 
all black rugby legend jonah lomu dies at 40 
so sad !! i can't believe it . rip to one of the greatest . jonah lomu dead at 40 
rt gone too soon . he made me a rugby fan . rugby legend jonah lomu has died aged 40 . … 

rt the mother and father of football analyst doug flutie died within an hour of each other . … 

rt 129 people died in these are the names of the victims we know so far : … 
rt cnn : 129 people died in these are the names of the victims we know so far : … 

rt publishes photo of what it says is bomb that downed russian plane 

rt how they started , what they want . how shook the world airs tonight … 

rt the will hold a call with governors tonight to discuss 
cnn : the whitehouse will hold a call with governors tonight to discuss ( v … 

' jihadi john ' associate arrested 
associate on his way to europe was arrested in turkey 
associate on his way to was arrested in - 
jihadi john associate arrested in turkey - 
our terrorist pal is fortunate we don't behead people . jihadi john associatewas arrested in turkey 

survivor details horrors inside concert hall 
touching testimony of a survivor , describing how love wins it all , 
paris attack survivor isobel bowdery details horrors 
paris survivor thought she was going to die in concert hall . very moving story . 
this is , without a doubt , the most incredible interview i've ever seen . 
" i wanted the people i loved to win , and to know they blessed me with an incredible life . " 
" i didn't want them to win " powerful interview , couple tells how they survived paris concert attack 
her story of survival was read by millions on facebook , now hear her horrific account from inside bataclan . 
moving testimony by a young couple who survived the bataclan theatre attack in paris . interview by 
' like a nightmare ' survivor details horrors in hall 
an uplifting interview with a very loving couple that survived the " horror night " at the bataclan . bowdery spoke ... 
one courageous and stoic couple . 
this interview anderson cooper did with survivors of the paris terrorist attacks is absolutely incredible 
it's not the possessions or money you think about when near death , it's the people . please watch until the end . 
incredible account of a survivor who was inside the theater on friday 
someone did finally talk to isobel bowdery about her night at the bataclan 

how ' glaring ' intelligence failures allowed a second bout of terror in paris 
' glaring ' france's intelligence failures 
paris terror : how french intelligence failed - 
france's ' glaring ' intelligence failures 
glaring intelligence failure let in terrorists 
paris attack demonstrates massive intelligence failures 

. josh earnest defends " setback " remarks 
. presssec josh earnest defends potus's " setback " remarks 

rt the white house holds a call with governors about 
rt white house , governors to discuss syrian refugees this afternoon/evening : 
rt the white house is holding a call with governors about 
white house , governors discuss - 
rt . we need to pause on bringing 

rt poll : most americans oppose resettling in the u.s. 

rt a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess has been repeatedly vandalized : … 
rt a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess has been repeatedly vandalized : https … 

. taps into deep republican anger at government 
on a scale of 1-10 , how mad are you at our current government ? 
poll shows how angry the gop is at government 
cnn released an article saying 74% receptive to a third party . go for it !! 
donald trump taps into deep gop anger at government - - ... 
poll : here's how angry the gop is 
pew poll : trump , rubio , cruz , carson tap into the deep republican anger at government 
89% reps & 72% dems don't govt wonder how much of this is fallout from revelations ? 
angry @ gov , caused by rich lobbing . so don't elect they guy they lobby for ! sucks 
fear and loathing in the gop . 
headline fix for yall " trump taps into conservative blind anger over not understanding how govt works " 
reminiscent of " nh " colonistshistorydrivemotivations behindmudgett's " pinetreeriot vs . brits 
when " wtp " face/admitacutaltruthwealowdcotus tbhijackedby$paidbydonor$-2careerpro poltcns4-retrnfavrswehvrite tbangry 
yeah , the gop is angry , but why take it out on the rest of us ? : 
trump into anger at 
94% said gov had major role keeping nation safe from terrorism , 88% nat disasters , 87% safe food & medicine 
donald trump taps into deep anger at government by government they mean congress as well as the admin . 
trump taps into deep republican anger at gov sure , but is not the answer . 
donald trump taps into deep anger , resentment in gop : 
poll : here's how the is at 
we're mad as hell and we're not going to take it anymore . 
if the is so angry at the gov , why do they keep voting in the same useless people ? 

my piece on impact on 2016 and targeting of church-going voters : 
real focus of the gop campaign ? iowa , not syria 
campaigns ' challenge ahead : the real race will be decided in iowa , not syria 

rt . slams gop for suggesting that refugees coming from syria pose a security threat … 

back to the bistro ! paris restaurants try to bounce back 
back to the bistro ! paris restaurants try to bounce back 来自 
back to the bistro ! paris restaurants try to bounce back via 
back to the bistro ! paris restaurants try to bounce back - cnn 

new charlie hebdo defiant cover : " screw " the terrorists 

rt debunked : what social media got wrong about the 
cnn : debunked : what social media got wrong about the 
debunked : what social media got wrong about the … 

isis video threatens france , italy , u.s. 
isis video threatens new york city - 
rt cnn is isis's de facto publicity arm . any time some fanatic in raqqa farts or coughs , cnn cranks up the fear factor . htt … 
this should be taken seriously but this could just as easily be a distraction of our attention .. 
new isis video threatens france , italy , us - 
sure hope he does not have to eat those words .. 
new video threatens 
new video new york city via 
new daesh video threatens france , italy , u.s. jihadist lunatics are waging world war . 
threat : mayor : ' new york city will not be intimidated ' 
rt retweeted max blumenthal ( cnn is isis's de facto publicity arm . any time some fanatic in raqqa ... https :/ … 

the inconvenient truth : there's no easy military answer to war on 

cnn says you are dumb . not 81% in this but majority . 
poll : most americans oppose resettling in the u.s. 
poll : americans oppose syrian refugees in u.s. 
well this is disturbing & shows some serious lack of understanding . 
when will you stop " ruling " against the will of we the people ? 
poll : americans oppose syrian refugees in us . 
once again , president rams plan down us citizens throats . americans oppose syrian refugees in u.s. 
most americans are siding with republicans on restricting cnn : 
keep out of this country ! americans don't want them ! 
poll : most of us doesn't want from : cnn 
oppose in u.s. - cnn 
so much for us being christian . a lie . 
poll : americans oppose in u.s. 
it's things like this that are misleading . polling 628 is nowhere near representative of the us population . 

french soccer fans find unity in english arms 


rt more than half the nation's governors say syrian refugees not welcome 
more than half the nation's governors say refugees not welcome via 

6 dead in texas campsite attack ; suspect in custody 
“ 6 dead in texas campsite attack ; suspect in custody ” i swore this was roy 
cnn : 6 dead in texas campsite attack ; suspect in custody ( via ) 

opinion : the have handed a big opportunity to syria's bashar al-assad 
cnn : opinion : the have handed a big opportunity to syria's bashar al-assad 
( via ) cnn : opinion : the have handed a big opportunity to syria's bashar al … 

rt after terror attacks , should paris climate talks go on ? ( via 
after terror attacks , should paris climate talks go on ? ( via cnnopinion ) 
“ after terror attacks , should paris climate talks go on ? ( via ” huh ? 
( via ) cnn : after terror attacks , should paris climate talks go on ? … 
cnn : after terror attacks , should paris climate talks go on ? ( via cnnopinion ) jajahahahja … 
" after terror attacks , should paris climate talks go on ? ( via " heck no ! 

. josh earnest defends isis " setback " remarks 
josh earnest defends obama's isis ' setback ' remarks 
who cares what they say on faux news ??? 
the term set-back implies a level of success in the first place . numerous have stated there's not even a strategy . 

charlie sheen expected to disclose he is hiv positive on ' today ' show 
. discussing upcoming revelation on the 
top story de - charlie sheen discloses he is hiv positive on … see more 
charlie sheen discloses he is hiv positive on ' today ' show - nov . 16 , 2015 see more 
top story : practice charlie sheen to make ' revealing person … see more 
top story today : charlie sheen to make ' revealing personal announcement ' on tod … see more 
whoa ... charlie sheen admits to being hiv+ ... sad ... 
expected to reveal hiv positive status this morning on nbc's today show 
reports say will announce he's hiv-positive on the this morning : 
expected to disclose he is positive on ' today ' show . 
charlie sheen is rumored to be making the announcement on the today show that he is hiv positive later today .... 

can europe afford border controls ? 

rt more than half the nation's governors -- 27 states -- say they oppose letting syrian refugees into their states … 
syrian refugees not welcome ... : 
rt land of the free & the home of the brave [*] . [*] some exceptions apply . offer not valid in tx , la , al , ms , ga … … 
the refusing state governors have a very well founded argument . because of the state of the world the " we love ... 
hall of the nations governors oppose letting minority group syrian refugees in the us 
rt after paris attacks , syrian refugees shunned over terror fears - 
refugees not welcome then what to do with them all ? the world should create a for them . 
u.s. states say they won't admit syrian refugees 
rt 26 say not welcome http … 
rt at least 15 states say they won't admit syrian refugees 
rt ( cnn ) states that will accept colorado , delaware , pennsylvania , vermont , washington . more at … 
makes no sense why they can't take syrian refugee when we took iraq refugee 
i agree 100% with all these states refusing the refugees . i think its too much of a risk to our country . 
" virtually no vetting- there are no databases in syria , no government records . we don't know who these people are . " 
mi gov : mi is welcoming state & proud of immigration history . but 1st priority is protecting safety of residents . 
rt governors of alabama , michigan say their states won't accept refugees from syria . 
thanks , i looked and cnn has reported 31 : although in some less known sites the number is higher . 
syrian refugees not welcome in 31 u.s. states - 
rt . about governors refusing to accept in their states : … 
why do we allow immigrants into this country but not refugees 
into usa nor any country refugees can be absorbed by other ... 
states reject refugees 
most refugees are regular people trying to escape isis !! the children ! i'm horrified and saddened . 
rt after paris attacks , syrian refugees shunned in u.s. - 
not sure what it means to live in a grey state , seems i should live in a yellow state ... 
good grief , us governors … don't you remember who we are ? " give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses ... 
shame on those governors !! useless .... 
rt piece on us states refusing syrian refugees after recent events could be a good topic for projects https://… 
more than half of the states in the u.s are refusing to accept syrian refugees . 
us governors refusal of syrian refugees following tragedy in paris is evidence of intense islamophobia . 
.. should we take care of the veterans and the homeless first or the refugees ? 
rt not going to vacation in states governed by hateful , anti-american governors . something i can do ! … 
out of the 31 states not accepting refugees , 30 align with the gop . ( nh the exception ) 
we caused the war ... we created isis and these 31 states are showing the world this ... 
but , are they listened to ? requests honored ? more than half nation's governors say syrian refugees not welcome 
rt democrat and republican governors join together against obama's policy --> https :/ … 

rt " i would tell him to surrender " says brother of paris suspect salah abdeslam to … 
" i would tell him to surrender " says brother of paris suspect salah abdeslam to outfrontcnn … 

rt goes viral in honor of the french police dog who died in the raid … 


husband of paris victim tells isis : you can't make me hate 
i can't even ... 
that's deep 
good read 
⚠️⚠️⚠️ important !!! ⚠️⚠️⚠️ 
defiant love is extraordinarily powerful . 
the french « la joie de vivre » . . . the celebration of life 
only husband of victim tells you can't make me hate 
hatred is the response that isis wants . violence and hatred solves nothing . 
this is a man who gets it . loses his beloved wife in the paris attacks but refuses to hate ! if he can do it , why ... 
husband of paris victim sends defiant facebook message - 
this is why i will make a trip to paris 
very powerful message from husband of paris victim to isis . " you can't make me hate " 
husband of paris victim : i will not hate you 
husband of victim tells isis he doesn't hate the reality is they don't care , they just want to kill you . 
absolutely beautiful : the husband of victim tells isis : you can't make me hate 
" you will not have my hatred .... or my son's hatred either . " 
rt powerful- hats off to this man . have much to learn of compassion from people of all faiths . " you can't make me hate " http … 
amazing response . " i will not give you the privilege of hating you " . 
the husband of paris victim tells isis : will americans take his advice . i have faith . should i 
touching story must read 
yes . the article is perfect . 
rt amazing response . 
" this little boy will affront you by being happy and free " husband of paris victim : you can't make me hate 
" i will not give you the privilege of hating you . you certainly sought it , but replying to hatred with anger ... 

could the government shut down over 
to show just how strongly some republican legislators feel about a strong vetting program for refugees , rep. matt ... 
in a time like this , our country should be coming together , not falling apart . 
" the fight is [] threatening [ .. ] another gov't shutdown [] as congress must pass a crucial spending bill by dec . 11 " 
this borders on is the president commiting treason by giving aid and comfort to our enimies 
house voting on bill to pause syrian refugee program , but fight moving to must-pass funding bill w/ 
" ... the fight over the [ syrian vetting ] issue is already threatening to set up another shutdown showdown in dec ... " 
could the food fight on cap hill over syrian refugee program cause a government shutdown ? story w/ -- 

" the husband of victim tells you can't make me hate " 
a stark yet beautiful reminder 

mother and father of football analyst doug flutie die within an hour of each other . 
football great doug flutie loses par ... | 
our condolences to local legend doug flutie on the passing of his parents this week . 
damn . 
great loses an hour apart 
nfl great's parents die hour apart 
did you hear this crazy story about doug flutie ? both of his parents died within the same hour today . 
my heart goes out to my childhood hero re : loss of his parents " no eye has seen , no ear has ... 1cor 2:9 " 
doug flutie's parents die within an hour of each other : " they say you can die of a broken heart and i believe it " 


rt . to blame for says starwood capital ceo 
. potus to blame for says starwood capital ceo 

rt what's life like for in the u.s. ? visits iowa to learn more … 
what's life like for in the u.s. ? mbasucnn visits iowa to learn more 
( via ) cnn : what's life like for in the u.s. ? mbasucnn visits iowa to lea … 

honduran police said they detained 5 syrian men who traveled with fake passports . 
honduras detains 5 syrian men traveling with fake passports . 
honduras detains 5 syrians over fake passports - 
thank you honduras ! 
honduras detains 5 syrians over fake greek passports 

sunday mourning . take the time and remember them . 
in memoriam of a closer look at the lives of the victims : 
new poll finds 81% believe a u.s. terror attack is likely in the near future . 
learn more about some of the victims of the 
prayers for the victims who were lost ... here are their names and stories 
rt thanks cnn for doing this : i'll try to always remember these names . the terrorists names i will forge … 
these are the victims in the paris attack 1 week ago today 
learn more about victims of the 
thanks cnn for doing this : i'll try to always remember these names . the terrorists names i will forget . 
touching tribute to victims of the tragedies last week : appreciate getting to learn about some of them . 
cnn's taking the focus away from the perpetrators & changing the frame to memorialize the victims in paris 
paris terror attacks : in memoriam of the victims 
in memory of the victims from last week's tragic event ... 
remembering the victims of the one week later . 
a week after the the victims and their stories . 
a week after terror attacks , a tribute to the paris victims : their names , their stories : 
the victims of the their stories , their lives , in one interactive . 
each victim of had story . here are many of them : 
129 people were killed in the and they each had a story . thanks to for telling them . 
paris terror attacks : interactive in memoriam of the victims 
i appreciate our remembrance of the police dog , but can we also spread the names of the victims ? 
learn more about the victims of the 
read all of these because every life lost matters ! 
rt the victims of the attacks were people whose lives and futures were stolen from them . learn who they were : http … 
je suis paris - remembering the victims 

rt honduran police detain 5 syrians over fake passports 
rt cc " honduran police detain 5 syrians over fake passports … 
rt “ honduran police detain 5 syrians over fake passports ” 

. calls for a pause in refugee program 
cnn : . speakerryan calls for a pause in refugee program ( via ) 

muslims turned to social media using the hashtag to condemn 
muslims turned to social media using the hashtag notinmyname to condemn parisattacks 

rt updated number from paris prosecutor : 2 suspected terrorists killed in raid … 
cnn : updated number from paris prosecutor : 2 suspected terrorists killed in raid … 

also new : our state of the race from iowa , where it's the national phenomena , not the iowa workhorses , who can win . 
in iowa , there is little breathing room for some of the gop field via 
in iowa , little breathing room for gop bottom-dwellers 
in iowa , little breathing room for some candidates in the gop field 

second air france flight from u.s. to paris diverted . 
rt faa : air france flight headed from la to paris diverted due to security incident . 
2 air france flights from u.s. to paris diverted - 
2 jets were diverted after bomb threats : 
rt 2 air france flights diverted due to bomb threats 
how long will the threats last ? bomb threats on 2 flights from us to 
2 air france flights from u.s. diverted after bomb threats 

. may have aired from nyc monday night , but its heart was in paris 
. colbertlateshow may have aired from nyc monday night , but its heart was in paris 
( via ) cnn : . colbertlateshow may have aired from nyc monday night , but its heart was in p … 

before january raid , belgian counterterrorism traced calls to cell phone in greece thought to be used by abaaoud 
moroccan inteligencia was the master behind catchin abdelhamid abaaoud , suspected ringleader of paris attack 
rt who is abdelhamid abaaoud , suspected ringleader of paris attack ? 
rt france tried to kill suspected ringleader last month … 
rt breathtakingly good reporting by here : 
abdelhamid abaaoud : who is paris attacks ' ringleader' ? - 
abaaoud who was he ? 
who was abdelhamid abaaoud ? 
rt who was abdelhamid abaaoud , suspected ringleader of paris attack ? 
inside isis plot to attack heart of europe 
january firefight linked abaaoud to isis 
inside plot to heart of 
rt " he enjoys spilling the blood of infidels " [ watch ] who is abdelhamid abaaoud . https … 
new message sent at 77tny 
new message sent at iwbog 
new message sent at oicmm 
paris ringleader ' i entered europe , syria at will ' 
abdelhamid abaaoud : who is paris ' ringleader' ? - 
. weighs in on abdelhamid abaaoud , the suspected ringleader of the attacks 
who is abdelhamid abaaoud , suspected ringleader of the paris terror attack ? : 
rt outfrontcnn : france tried to kill suspected ringleader last month 

" opinion : bombing terrorists makes them stronger via " 
not if it is accurate ... rt bombing terrorists makes them stronger via 

. : ' hateful rhetoric ' on syrian refugees ' a new low ' 
rt . : ' hateful rhetoric ' on syrian refugees ' a new low ' 
when do u inform re gop govern by bible ? clinton : gop's ' hateful rhetoric'/'a new low ' 
clinton : gop hits ' a new low ' 
clinton to outline plan to beat isis 
. gop's " hateful rhetoric " on is " a new low " 
brilliant slams 
shame on the gop ! did the same to jews during the holocaust . 
clinton : gop talk on refugees ' low ' h trying to divide w/her ' hateful rhetoric ' 
" we can't act as though we are shutting the door to people in need without undermining who we are as americans , " ... 
clinton : gop's ' hateful rhetoric ' on refugees ' a new low ' 
' hateful rhetoric/new low w/ her " works " wasn't new low enuff ? 

escaped ' the beast ' of baltimore 
a compelling portrait . from squeegee boy to college professor , d . watkins escaped ' the beast ' of 
great article on the inner city .... and going on to success .... enjoy 
cool article . 
great feature on on check it out here - ' the beast side ' is available now 
from crack dealer to professor : few people can offer d . watkins ’ perspective on baltimore 

rt 2 air france flights from u.s. to were diverted last night because of bomb threats … 
2 air france flights from us to diverted last night due to bomb threats via 

rt muslim us congressman should organize muslims to fight isis rather than pr that american muslims are patriotic : … 
keith ellison : community to ' assert muslim-americanness ' 
i don't know keith ellison , but i like him . 
ketih ellison : ' muslim-americanness ' makes me patriotic - - 
" this is not who we are as a nation " 
muslim congressman : this isn't who we are 
stop muslims . we don't have to accept them . and i have yet to see even one show patriotism . where is the outrage ?! 
... why aren't your fellow doing anything about this ? keith ellison ( d ) on 
. the community needs to " assert muslim-americanness " via 
rt cnnpolitics : . keithellison : the community needs to " assert muslim-americanness " via ta … 
congressman ellison speaks up about being a muslim american and love of freedoms .... 
that anyone , much less a member of u.s. congress , is ever put in this position is not cool . not cool at all . 
what sensibility and really look like ... 

rt " enough with the french flag facebook logo please , " writer says . your thoughts ? … 

u.s. attorney general loretta lynch : no data to support ' ferguson effect ' 
outrage ! another officer assassinated last nite but u.s. ag loretta lynch : no data to support ' ferguson effect ' 
no " ferguson effect . " can't wait for the next police lie . 
obama's us attorneygen double talk : no data to support ' ferguson effect ' while certainly might be anecdotal evidence 
loretta lynch : no data supporting the ' ferguson effect ' 
if they're doing nothing wrong , it shouldn't matter ! u.s. attorney general : no data to support ' ferguson effect ' 

rt " social media rallies around charlie sheen after hiv announcement " 
social media rallies around charlie sheen after hiv announcement via 

tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor via 
the tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor 
here's my profile of john fetterman — the 6'8 " tattooed mayor who's running for senate . 
i genuinely like john fetterman , and i think he's got a real shot in a general . check him out , pa dems . 
mayor john sat down with to talk about this race , and what " winds his clock . " check it out : 
tattooed mayor makes senate bid 
this man is running for senate , and seems interesting . 
rt tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor via htt … 
great article about and what he's doing for 
the tattoos are not the most interesting thing about in braddock , pennsylvania . 
i am a cynic , w/ all the doubts for our current system but i read this & the cynicism turns into a smile , maybe hope 
let us know when you run , i would like to donate to your campaign . 
cnn politics profile on john fetterman , d for senate : 
in the spirit of political longshot successes : tattoos aren't the most interesting thing about this senate candidate 
the tattoos aren't the most interesting thing about - profile 
i wanted to know what tattoos have to do with him running for the senate . worth a read . 
the tattoos get attention , but story goes deeper with this pgh-area mayor running for us senate : via 
great story via for a monday morning ! 
great story !!! i will trade my mayor for him !! 
this is someone this country should get behind no matter your party . 
the food is free deemed unsellable for one corporate reason or 
great profile of braddock , pa mayor and senate candidate 
great story from on an unlikely senate candidate and the town he's been devoted to for 10 yrs 
over this profile on find out what " winds his clock . " 
an up close look at u.s. senate candidate and his incredible work in braddock . 
excellent story from about , pa mayor setting his sights on the us senate via 

can europe afford border controls ? 

" alabama governor : refugees are behind u.s. attacks , threats via " 
alabama governor : refugees behind u.s. attacks - 
rt alabama governor : refugees behind u.s. attacks , threats 
when you fill a country with ' refugees ' ' migrants ' you no longer have a nation , but a 3rd world country that can ... 
governor : refugees behind us attacks , threats 
rt alabama gov : refugees behind us attacks idiot . 745000 refugees in us since 9/11 only 2 iraqis a … 
alabama gov : refugees behind us attacks idiot . 745000 refugees in us since 9/11 only 2 iraqis arrested for terrorism 
missibama gub complete or total fucking idiot ? via or 
alabama governor : refugees behind u.s. threats 
alabama gov . bentley says he's been informed refugees were behind most major security threats since sept . 11 
dept homeland security runs incompetent tsa governors have the national intelligence of a literate person w/ twitter 
alabama governor : refugees are behind u.s. attacks , threats … 
if the united states was in a similar situation americans would demand refuge elsewhere . 
alabama’s governor claims refugees are behind most of the post-9/11 us threats : 

" within five years we could be in five or six countries in africa ... this is the hottest new market in the world . " 
your favorite brands are launching in africa 
your favorite brands are launching in africa : starbucks is one of the big u.s. brands that is breaking into th ... 
would want to watch the trend in with krispy kreme and dunkins now launching in africa - cnn 
africa is becoming an emerging market for lots of american brands to enter via 
money cnn companies africa starbucks krispy kreme hm dunkin donuts index 
some of your favorite brands have big plans for africa 
big brands including starbucks , krispy kreme , dunkin donuts and h&m are launching in africa as they chase profits in emerging markets 

rt an app called is the " hot new thing among jihadists " 
lmmfao " an app called is the " hot new thing among jihadists " " 

charlie sheen expected to make a " revealing personal announcement " on " today " show this am 
rt cnn : charlie sheen expected to make a " revealing personal announcement " on " today " show this am … 

belgian ambassador : end of border-free europe " on the table " 
belgium : end of border-free europe ' on the table ' 

. endorses for president 
rt . endorses for president 
cnn : . seiu endorses hillaryclinton for president ( via ) 

first same-sex wedding in ireland - 
it's great other places are being accepting such as ireland who has their first same sex marriage 
rt first same-sex wedding in ireland 
some good and positive news in the world ! congrats ireland ! 
congratulations to the first same-sex couple to be married in ireland ! 
groundbreaking same-sex marriage in ireland 
go ireland ! 
ireland same-sex marrriage - 
today , ireland began officially recognizing same-sex marriages . love wins !... 
ireland has joined the growing list of nations where same-sex couples are getting married 
ireland's first same-sex marriage 
groundbreaking same-sex marriage in ireland congrats to ireland , again . 

state department issues worldwide 
. issues a worldwide travel alert via 
world in turn warns its citizens to avoid gun-nutters ' paradise . cnn : " state dept issues worldwide travel alert " 
u.s. issues worldwide travel alert 
since i have so many friends who travel . i don't remember the us issuing a " worldwide " travel alert before . 
us state dept issues worldwide alert ( by 
hows that trip going ? safe travels ! 

rt “ hashtag trends in honor of french police dog who died in raid http … 
rt hashtag trends in honor of french police dog who died in raid … 

deaths from global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , according to a new report . 

rt delaware governor : why my state won't turn refugees away 

lawmakers turn focus to security in wake of 
cnn : lawmakers turn focus to security in wake of ( via … 

3 people arrested in western germany in connection with german media reports 

white house issues veto threat over refugee bill 
gill leaders are supposed to do what's right , not what's popular . once slavery was popular too ! issues veto threat 
the issues a veto threat over the bill via 
obama says he'll veto gop refugee bill 
no interest in our security at all 
wh issues veto threat over refugee bill - the gop wants to help daesh recruit more members - why ? rt 
rt cft1 : rt cnnpolitics : the whitehouse issues a veto threat over the bill via k … 
white house issues veto threat over bill 
rt twitlertwit : rt f3nw4yp4rk : white house issues veto threat refugee bill cnnpolitics 1/ … 
rt white house issues veto threat refugee bill 1/2 11% say only christian syrians should … 
white house issues veto threat refugee bill 1/2 11% say only christian syrians should be admitted ... 
( s ) president obama is threatening to veto the refugee bill hr 4038 drafted by congressional republicans . is ... 
obama will veto a bill that requires systems be put in place to ensure that refugees pose no security threat . he ... 
to the biggest domestic terrorist ever in u.s , hussein i say 
once again the fights against playing favorites is unconstitutional ! 
of course . mr obama the dictator . 
rt davechewie : rt cnnpolitics : the whitehouse issues a veto threat over the bill … 
hell obama let them all in what could possibly go wrong ??????? 
to veto bill requiring enhanced screening of to enter usa 

. is ending his campaign for president . " i've come to the realization that this is not my time . " 
rt louisiana governor bobby jindal has announced that he is ending his presidential bid , saying " this is not my time " . https :/ … 
bobby jindal announces he is ending presidential campaign 
oh damn - - lol ------ gop(r)bobby jindal announces he is ending presidential campaign 
bobby jindal : trump is a narcissist and an egomaniac , send him back to reality tv ... wow !! 
jindal ends presidential campaign 
rt jindal : ' i've come to the realization that this is not my time . ' 
louisiana gov bobby jindal bows out of 2016 race 
if a tree falls in the forest , and nobody is there to vote for it , does it make a sound 
* the price is right sad horns * 
alfred e . newman is out of the race ... we're running out of clowns . 
" i've come to the realization that this is not my time . " it never was it never was . 
rt queue queen ; another one bites the dust 
jindal releases his supporters - both of them - to vote for someone else ... ending presidential campaign 
and another one off the bus ! 
rt another one bites the dust jindal announces he is ending his presidential campaign , realizes " it's just not my time " h … 
bobby announces he is ending presidential campaign 
looked awkward talking to his own family in his own back yard . he never had a hope in hell . 
👍🏽now he can go back to understudying for bob denver in that very special episode of gilligan's island : 
oh no piyush , we're going to miss you .... not !!!!!! 
jindal drops out of presidential race good riddance 
now waiting for to also announce the same 

hollande invokes eu treaty , hoping to build coalition against isis - 
invokes treaty , hoping to build coalition against 

21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep 
paris attacks : possible suicide vest found 
paris possible suicide vest found - 
finally a cowardly terrorist ! if only more terrorists where like salah abdeslam . 
it appears france has a new foreign policy for the muddle east that copies ours : bomb arabs . i suspect their ... 
isis hit by jets from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort 
france hits isis from aircraft carrier 
isis hit from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort france grew balls . allahu akbar ... 
from aircraft carrier , launches bid to build coalition - 
france attacks isis from aircraft carrier 
brussels : raids , heavy security in search for paris suspect - 
france isis from aircraft carrier - 
cnn 2015 11 23 world paris attacks index 
brussels lockdown : raids , heavy security continue - 
who is france launching airstrike attacks on ? 
strikes are first from french warship ; belgium charges suspect 
21 arrested in anti-terror raids ; brussels on partial lockdown 
no sign of paris suspect in belgium raids as brussels remains under high alert 

social media hails charlie sheen after hiv announcement 
social media hails charlie sheen why praise irresponsible behavior ? how many has he infected ? 
social media hails charlie sheen af based business network 
social media hails sheen after announcement 
you were quoted in a story by 
your tweet was quoted in an article by 
social media and charlie sheen . 
rt social media shows love after he reveals his status … 
in case anyone has missed this mornings social media conversation 
charlie sheen has long been controversial , but social media rallied around him after he reveale .. 
a surprisingly positive social media response for someone with such a negative image ! 
this : social media shows love after he reveals his status 
social media hails charlie sheen after announcement 
social media hails charlie sheen for revealing that he is hiv-positive 

rt opinion : the world should do more to help turkey , lebanon and jordan take on syrian refugees … 

129 victims , each with their own story . explore our interactive : 
rt cnn : 129 victims , each with their own story . explore our interactive : 
“ 129 victims , each with their own story . explore our interactive : ” 

is self-destructive for a reason , writes for 
is self-destructive for a reason , fridaghitis writes for cnnopinion 

posters , ticket stubs , memories : music lovers reclaim beloved 

texas seeks delay in immigration case at supreme court . 
rt texas seeks a delay in the obama administration's immigration case at … 
texas seeks delay in obama immigration case at supreme court . 
texas seeks a delay in the immigration case at supreme court . 
rt just in : will hear immigration case this term ? maybe not : 
texas seeks delay in obama administration's immigration case at supreme court 


rt " strong presumption " that a 2nd person linked to the paris attacks is at large , source close to probe says . … 
officers shot and wounded during raid seeking suspect in paris terrorist attacks , cnn affiliate bfmtv reports . 
rt witnesses report gunfire in paris suburb 
rt german police say they've made 5 arrests in operations linked to paris attacks . 
32 photos : paris terror attacks 32 photos : paris terror attacks ... 
rt before paris attacks , france and allies tried to target isis member believed to have planned attack , source says . … 
more attacks in france ... 
brother of suspect salah abdeslam : surrender 
heavy gunfire in suburb of paris 
police say raid underway in paris suburb as witnesses report gunfire 
gunfire reported amid police raid in saint-denis , near paris - 
rt police officers shot & wounded during raid seeking suspect in paris terrorist attacks , cnn affiliate bfmtv reports . http … 
aftermath : brother's message to suspect being sought : surrender 
first , police raid paris suburb , heavy gunfire - h/t 

rt . sets long-awaited socialism speech date to compete with … 
. berniesanders sets long-awaited socialism speech date to compete with hillaryclinton 
( via ) cnn : . berniesanders sets long-awaited socialism speech date to compete with hillar … 

texas campsite attack : 6 dead , suspect in custody . 
six found dead at texas campsite 
6 dead in campsite murder spree 
so awful . 😞 
and we're worried about refugees ? 
authorities investigating after at texas campsite 
police arrested a suspect , william hudson , 33 , and charged him with one count of murder , setting bond at $2.5 ... 
one surviving witness . 
slaughter ! six shot dead ! dear terrorist group daesh isn't your problem . 
texas campsite murder 
another maddening gun violence in texas - 6 dead , another chid life lost 
please will you close illinois borders to people from texas until our safety can be assured ? 
how many more guns does the nra want william hudson to have that would stop him from murdering these people ? 
i'm sure they had guns to protect themselves from this bad guy , isn't this texas ?? 
6 found dead at campsite . 
one suspect is in custody after six people were killed at a texas campsite 
authorities investigating after murders at texas campsite 
6 found dead at texas campsite 
trade : al ( and 21 states ) , you get the u.s. guys like this that are in the news everyday , and others take refugees : 
authorities investigating after killings at texas campsite 
authorities investigating after killings at campsite 
we should reject entry to pennsylvania of all texans killings at texas campsite 
i don't think we have heard the last from this story ... 

major police raid in the paris suburb of is over , french spokesperson says : 
cnn : major police raid in the paris suburb of is over , french spokesperson says : … 
major police raid in the suburb of is over , french spokesperson says : 

the gop hopes to seize national security advantage from obama over 
the hopes to seize national security advantage from obama over 

rt 3 people arrested in western germany in connection with german media reports … 

a few false narratives emerged on social media after what to watch out for : 
cnn : a few false narratives emerged on social media after what to watch out for : … 

. flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution 
might think muslims can't be president but i don't think we should allow people who don't know history 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution 
guess dr. ben was absent they taught fancy book learnin ' history ' bout ' merca when he was was in college . 
how fing misleading is this they asked him which founding father impressed him most . no who was present at the cc 
ben carson flubs thomas jefferson's role re . the constitution : via cnn 
so ben carson does not even know what ben carson has said on this subject before ... sheesh ! 
he totally missed the late 80s . 

rt tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show 
cnn : tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show ( via ) 

foreign policy tests 
foreign policy tests carson 
the test foreign policy credentials 
rt cnnpolitics : the test realbencarson's foreign policy credentials 
contrary to popular belief , i can actually handle whatever problems foreign policy could throw at me . i'm ready . 
carson's learn-on-the-job approach is anathema to a gop that spent 7 years lambasting obama for lack of experience 
carson befuddled foreign policy 

rt house speaker paul ryan calls for a " pause " in syrian refugee program 
. calls for a pause on the syria refugee program via 
paul ryan , said , take religion , out the equation . ? let's have a koch and a pause . let's be cowardly in our ... 
paul ryan calls for pause in refugee program 
paul ryan calls for pause in program 
. speakerryan calls for a pause on the syria refugee program … 
speaker paul ryan calls for a " pause " on the syrian refugee program . " we cannot let ... 
another 
" o'er the land of the free and the home of the . . . better safe than sorry ? " 
let's hope he has the balls to get this passed ! 

news : russia says bomb brought down jet in sinai , offers $50 million reward - cnn | details : 
russia offers $50 million reward in sinai jet crash case 
this does deserve to be known and out there . 
weeks after isis bombed russian jet , putin really takes the bull by the horns & offers a reward for info . 
putin is the new ' chuck norris ' ... 
putin offers $50m reward for those responsible for bomb of russian plane . expect body bags to be filled soon . 
russian official : 2-pound bomb brought down metrojet plane over sinai - cnn 
russia says that is responsible for plane crash that killed 224 of their citizens in egypt . 
russian plane crash : $50m reward for information - 
$50m reward for information on russian plane crash - 
russia offers $50 million reward in sinai jet crash case ( cnn ) 
top story : russian metrojet crash bomb - see more ... 
russia offers $50 million reward in sinai jet crash case future of middle east 
$50 million . rt offers $50 million reward in sinai jet crash case . 
offers $50 million reward in bombing contained approx 1 kilogram ( 2.2 pounds ) of explosives 
the quezada post russian metrojet crash bomb - see more 

extent of in syria's role in plotting paris attacks questioned 

rt explosions , gunfire rang through the night in a massive police raid north of … 

is self destructive , for a scary reason - 
good companion to your op-ed , isis is using ingroup/outgroup dynamics as part of their strategy 
paris attacks : self-destructive ultimate suicide mission end-of-days battle with the west 
the demonic insane strategy of isis 
does isis seem self-destructive , trying to turn the world against it ? here's the very scary reason why . 
opinion : isis ' scary motivation 
thought provoking and chilling . 
i encourage everyone to read this . 
isis will eventually end in the flames of a nuclear fire !!! 
in case you are still in denial on the goals and ends of the ' slims . 
chilling take on motive : isis's long-range vision is of an end-of-days battle with the west 
the must to take down move from and move towards 
ghitis : isis , self-destructive for a reason 
rt say they'll die for prophecy . sad truth is they can no longer bear the angry god meme terrorizing their minds https … 
rt is self-destructive , for a reason 
great read and something a lot of people need to read before jumping to conclusions 
" the passport was a way of provoking the west to turn against refugees . " = bs isis * wants * them for cover : … 
" ultimate vision is an apocalyptic one " you're just now figuring this out ? 
isis wants the world's muslims to feel they are at war with the modern world . it also wants to stop the flow of ... 
my grad prof in islamic theology told us about this perverse ideology in some sects . cant fight fire with fire . 
the paris operation had multiple objectives . the passport a way of provoking the west to turn against refugees 
fuck isis broo 
interesting 
thoughtful analysis : 
rt would love to debate this cnn article on isis strategy : 

edited video overlays clinton laughing onto images of benghazi wreckage 
. video shows laughing over benghazi wreckage 
trump video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage 
trump video shows clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 
donald trump video shows hillary clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 
ok donald , this is irresponsible . video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage 
the witchy imagery is not hidden at all in this one : 
. video shows laughing over wreckage 

u2 will ' put on our best ' for rescheduled paris concert 
bono promises u2 will ' put on our best ' for rescheduled paris concert 
u2 will ' put on our best ' for rescheduled paris concert ( via 
u2 will ' put on our best ' for rescheduled paris concert : u2 and hbo have rescheduled the concert teleca ... 
u2 back in paris the first weekend of december -- hbo concert rescheduled for dec . 7 : 
u2's bono : " we're going to put on our best for paris " 
u2 has rescheduled its paris concert , postponed because of the paris attacks . the concert will be aired by hbo . 

rt obuyacj : rt cnn : rugby legend jonah lomu , a former allblacks star , has died at age 40 … 
rt rugby legend jonah lomu , a former star , has died at age 40 in new zealand … 
rt lionessofsocial : rt alvalderramacnn : rugby legend jonah lomu , a former allblacks star ,… 
rt ahmedelsayd811 : rt cnn : rugby legend jonah lomu , a former allblacks star , has died at … 
rt pmorris153 : rt cnn : rugby legend jonah lomu , a former allblacks star , has died at age … 


could the u.s. government shut down over refugees ? 

. explains opposition to admitting 
. johnkasich explains opposition to admitting 

rt white house issues veto threat over refugee bill 

. w bush’s iraq/isis mess leaves obama no good options 
. w bush’s iraq/isis mess left obama with no good options 
the inconvenient truth : there's no easy military answer to war on isis 
. writes in his article why there is no easy military option when it comes to isis . 
i'm not sure if i'm the only one , but i find this article interesting , yet hard to read . 
inconvenient truth about war on isis 
. weighs in : there’s no easy solution to the isis problem : 
isis in syria : no easy military answer to war - cnn 
opinion no simple military solution for beating isis 
isis in no easy military answer to war - 
the inconvenient truth : there's no easy military answer to ( late ) a+ to cnn ! now : a new proxy war ! 
utter bollocks thermonuclear warhead 
. w bush’s iraq/syria mess leaves obama no good options 
you cannot tell that to the gop !!! or fox news ! 
good 2 min video . isis in syria : no easy military answer to war - 
inconvenient truth there's no simple military solution for beating isis 
opinion : no military answer to war on isis 
. w bush’s iraq/syria mess explained . obama has no good options . 
. w bush's iraq/syria mess explained . obama has no good options 
opinion : there's no simple military solution for beating isis 

rt 2 terrorist suspects dead in saint-denis : 1 shot by sniper , other blew herself up , french media reports . 
rt 3 suspected terrorists killed in raid in paris suburb of saint-denis , official tells cnn . 3 police officers hurt . … 
rt explosions heard in paris suburb , site of raid hunting for suspects in paris attacks . … 
2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 
rt suspected ringleader of is target of massive police operation in paris suburb , afp says . 
rt french president hollande says he'll ask lawmakers to extend state of emergency by 3 months . … 
2 killed , 8 held after raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 
" it was a war zone . " one resident describes the raid . reports : 
rt trucks full of heavily armed french soldiers in full military gear arrive at scene of saint-denis raids . 
rt 5 people arrested during police raid in saint-denis , paris prosecutor's office said . 
rt suspects have been cornered in building in paris suburb , saint-denis mayor tells cnn affiliate bfm-tv . 
rt 2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but ringleader's status still unknown 
rt raid near paris was " right on time , " police source says , adding suspects " about to move on some kind of operation . " … 
suspected ringleader abaaoud not in custody , french prosecutor says ; no id yet for two suspects killed in raid 
rt french will use dna testing to determine if paris terror attack ringleader was in apartment raided by police … 
top firearms link of the day : 
rt the 2 killed in saint-denis raids still unidentified ; suspected ringleader abaaoud not in custody , prosecutor says . … 
saint-denis raid : 3 terror suspects killed , police say - 
rt all 129 of those killed in friday's paris attacks have been identified , french council of ministers says . … 
dna tested to see if suspected ring leader died 
gunfire reported amid police raid in saint-denis , near paris 
dna tests to determine whether attack leader died in raid 
dead or alive ? dna tests to see if suspected ring leader died 
2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 

captain lived and died with the sea 
el faro's captain lived and died with the sea 
el faro's captain michael davidson lived and died with the sea 

colbert's paris tribute included rude salute to terrorists 

“ retired army lt . gen . mike flynn says the drone war is creating more terrorists than it's killing ” 
bombing terrorists feeds their ideology ( 
rt " i think it's futile to respond to terrorist violence with more violence in a way that creates more terrorists . " https://… 
" if we think it's irrational or immoral for arab citizens to respnd to violence w/violence , then we should stop " too 
bombing creates terrorism . we need to arrest terrorists after the fact . well , not suicide bombers . hmm . 
" terrorism is our fault " says liberalism is a mental disorder 
" you can't bomb the bad ideas out of people's heads . " 
bombing terrorists won't work 
took you how many million bombs to figure this one out ? 
lotta literate liberal writers out there who aren’t total cartoon characters , cnn . just sayin ’ . 
hey what foreign policy or counter-terrorism qualifications does sally kohn possess & why'd you run this crap ? 
bombing terrorists makes them stronger - cnn 
" you can't bomb bad ideas out of people's heads . " 
the hurts and americans need to swallow their but to defeat we need a new approach . 
hopelessly and irretrievably wrong ... 
pretty sure us just existing feeds their ideology . 
second thoughts on a military response . worth reading . 
in which calls pres obama a terrorist . 
so are you saying was wrong for killing he claims victory ! 
so , has been in power 7 years ... they still attacked us ... 
if we were only nice to them sally they would like us 
in today's exhibit of " people dumber than a bag of hammers " , i give you sally kohn : 
appears sends its employees to the michael moore/ron paul " it's our own damn fault " school as part of indoc 
actually , bombing terrorists tends to feed the total energy applied to the bonds of their cell membranes . 
victim-blaming is the hot new thing 
one-stop shopping for every leftist platitude on this issue 
how can we stop all of these bombings from happening 

jamar clark shooting : officers ' names released 
protests rage in minneapolis after shoot unarmed black man 
protests ragin in minneapolis after shooting of unarmed black man jamar clark 
protests in minneapolis raging 
shvonne johnson is misidentified in your story . she is . former asst dean of students : 
protests erupt in minneapolis after the shooting death of 24 year old who was shot and killed by police . 

charlie hebdo : ' screw ' terrorism keeping drawing the shit out of them 
new charlie hebdo defiant cover : ' screw ' the terrorists 
hebdo cover : ' screw ' the terrorists 
charlie hebdo publishes defiant cover after the paris attacks : 
they are not isis . they are not isil . they are daesh . ( they hate that name . ) are you afraid ? then they've won . 
rt new charlie defiant cover : ' screw ' the 
charlie hebdo is demonstrating it has no plans to back down and stands fully for france and french culture . ! 
charlie hebdo says it best ! 
in the face of radical islamists creeping-like-an oil-spill every sign of defiance against the ideology counts . 
whether one appreciates the publication or not , i so admire their defined stance toward pathetic souls . 
new charlie defiant cover : ' screw ' the terrorists . 


rt . says he is ending his campaign for u.s. president : " this is not my time . " … 

33 members killed in airstrikes in last 72 hours , monitoring group says : 

video shows nyc footage ; nypd says " no current or specific threat to the city " 

how did isis grow so fast ? see special tonight at 9pet 
blindsided : how did isis grow so fast ? 

there's no data supporting the so-called " effect , " says u.s. attorney general 
( via ) cnn : there's no data supporting the so-called " effect , " says u.s. attorn … 

would someone agree with the kid , or the dad ? 
rt father explains to his young son & the video goes viral . see why : … 
rt see how this father explains to his young son : 
french father explains terror attacks to his young son 
would like take on the advisability of this life lesson in an age of terrorism 
rt see video of father explaining to his young son : full intrvw w/ t … 
see video of father explaining to his young son : full intrvw w/ tonight , 8p 
priceless between father and son 
rt see original video of father explaining to his young son full intrvw on tomo … 
french father explains terror attacks to his son good to see john lennon's spirit alive & well in paris . 
the lit candles will never go dim . the beautiful flowers will never wither . may love and peace enter our world . 
in english ... 
see original video of father explaining to his young son full intrvw on tomorrow , 8pm 
this video melted my heart ❤ ️🇫🇷 

cnnnextstory : rt cnn : police officers have pinned down suspects in a suburb of latest developments : … 
rt police officers have pinned down suspects in a suburb of latest developments : … 
mosershwag2 : rt cnn : police officers have pinned down suspects in a suburb of latest developments : … 

the white house held a call with u.s. governors about 
the white house held a call with u.s. governors about via 
" white house held a call w /u.s governors about " /to be a fly on a wall 

was suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud killed in raid ? dna test may tell : 
dozens more like him . was suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud killed in raid ? dna test may tell : 
rt cnn : was suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud killed in raid ? dna test may tell : … 

the real focus of the gop campaign ? iowa , not syria ( via 
the real focus of the gop campaign ? iowa , not syria ( via cnnopinion ) 
( via ) cnn : the real focus of the gop campaign ? iowa , not syria … 

rt could the have been prevented ? takes a closer look 
could the have been prevented ? nicrobertsoncnn takes a closer look 
( via ) cnn : could the have been prevented ? nicrobertsoncnn takes a closer l … 

rt investors shaken by find safe haven in german markets 
cnn : investors shaken by find safe haven in german markets ( via jt7 … 
rt cnn : investors shaken by find safe haven in german markets 

parisians take back their cafes and bars 
great to see parisians using social media to take back their cafes and bars 

after terror , should paris climate talks go on ? 
climate talks amid terror . i'm heading to europe today . one stop en route to france . 
" you want me to be frightened ..., that i sacrifice my freedom for security , you lost . i will carry on as before . " 

bho slams repubs for stance on refugees sympathizes with terrorists 
slams republicans over refugee stance 
will and the stain us history like ... 
he didn't have to do this 
if he thought that , he'd be trying to stall & reduce the partisan temperature , not ... this 
i'm late with posting this but i couldn't not post it . barry o came for the gop's neck the other day : " apparently ... 
fear politics gop - google search 
rt . slams republicans over stance on via & … 
slams over refugee stance 
" we are not well served when , in response to a terrorist attack , we descend into fear & panic , " is an idiot ! 
thank you obama ! 
yeah do that coward 
isis is going to try to get into the west via the syrian refugee crisis . full stop . period . obama ridicules gop . 
and gop is not saying that every refugee will be a member of isis . but obama props up that straw man anyway . 
i wish i had a chance to make him a president again . love you obama . what a wise , smart , generous man you are . 
obama slammed the gop just this am for suggesting that the refugee influx poses a security threat . 
obama : gop afraid of widows and orphans 
. usa doesn't need anymore of your " setbacks " barry . 
ethical debate represents your opponent's view in terms he would agree with . but is just trolling here : 
obama slams republicans saying syrian refugee discussion incites isis 
obama : " i cannot think of a more potent recruitment tool for isil than some of the rhetoric that's been coming out " 
for virtue and against sin . where're the refugees going to wait out that 18-24 months vetting process mr. president ? 
this is an obama quote : " we are not well served when , in response to a terrorist attack , we descend into fear and ... 
this man is disgusting ... no one is saying don't let in orphans ... send them !!!! maybe just slow the hell down on ... 
wake up , repubs - don't turn the nation into the elitists and separatists you all are . 
angry obama says gop is afraid of " widows and orphans " and helping recruit for isis - 
at a time when obama should be unifying americans against a common enemy and threat ... he's attacking republicans . 
obama says it best : turning away refuggees is a recruitment tool for isis . 
obama clearly doesn't realize it's also many of the regular people who are also concerned w/ 
calls rhetoric on ‘ recruitment tool for politics no longer stops at waters edge 
rt " first they were scared of the press being too tough on them in the debates . now they're scared of 3 yr old orphans " https :/ … 
where has this obama been the last couple of years ? 
obama slams republicans over stance 
am proud of obama's brave response and ashamed of republican response on this issue 
obama slams gop over refugees 

crisis : fear and hope in the heartland . 
" cedar rapids is home to the oldest mosque in america . " it's not every day and share the same headline . 
syrian refugee crisis very interesting read on syrians who are already citizens of the us 
cedar rapids , iowa : home to the oldest mosque in america and a large syrian community 
reporting from the city with the oldest in 

prosecutor : 3 paris attack suspects already known to belgians 

professors neil boothby and lindsay stark say the refugee debate has missed the point on 
how refugee debate misses the point 
80% of are in turkey , jordan & lebanon . why are so many risking the dangerous trip to europe ? 
the mediterranean is the world's most dangerous border crossing . why are so many making the journey ? 
80% of are in turkey , jordan & lebanon . why are many risking the dangerous trip to europe ? 
the big point we miss about refugee crisis 
how today's refugee debate misses the point : 
how can families survive when countries cannot and the does not provide for their needs ? 
current refugee debate misses the point : great insight on a comprehensive approach to the migration challenge 

rt " france is our home " : watch this french father explain the to his young son … 

publishes photo of what it says is bomb that downed russian plane 
isis says photo shows bomb on russian plane 
can the cans ! soda is bad for us , cans are deadly refuge for bombs , and we need to stop being sheepish about making … 
isis : picture shows bomb that downed plane 
isis : we took down jet with soda can bomb 
publishes photo of what it says is bomb that downed plane 
just in : 23 governors outlaw soda cans . 
one soda can . something to think about . 
isis publishes photo of bomb that downed plane keep talking isis ... tell us more ... your egos will defeat you . 
isis brags about how they used a soda can , detonator and a switch to bomb down russian plane 
and cue tsa in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... picture shows that downed plane 
soda can bomb may gave downed russian airplane 
says photo shows bomb that took down russian plane . 
isis says photo shows on russian plane - 
this is the reality of the world we're living in . 
cnn : isis publishes photo . says it's bomb that downed russian plane 
isis : photo shows bomb that downed russian jet 
says photo shows bomb on plane - 
food loaders and restaurant workers need to be looked at . you can't even bring a beverage on board . 
isis publishes what it says is bomb that downed russian plane 


rt suspected paris attacks ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud is dead , french authorities say . … 
rt more : abdelhamid abaaoud killed in saint-denis raid , id'd by fingerprints , officials say . … 
paris attacks ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud dead 
rt abaaoud is killed , but his network is still at large 
rt source : search for paris attacks suspect salah abdeslam extended to the netherlands 
nine detained in belgium raids connected to probe , belgian authorities say . 
rt ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud linked to 4 foiled attacks since spring , french interior minister says . … 
rt paris attacks ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud dead 
rt morocco's intel agency told french that abdelhamid abaaoud was in france , source close to probe says . … 
french interior minister on death of planner following raid : " the target was achieved . " 
. prosecutor : ringleader , abdelhamid abaaoud , dead . 
planner killed in wednesday’s pre-dawn raid of saint-denis apartment ; body positively id’d by officials 
rt " we don't know why he was shot so many times " hahahaha 
rt ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud dead . here's more about his background … 

don't " scapegoat " catholic bishops and evangelicals say " 
catholic bishops and evangelicals give advice : " don't scapegoat 

trump ridicules carson over foreign policy 
rt donald trump is quick to forget his own ignorance on foreign policy . trump ridicules carson over foreign policy … 
. ridicules over foreign policy via 
trump ridicules carson's foreign policy shortcomings 

posters , ticket stubs , memories : music lovers reclaim beloved bataclan 
posters , ticket stubs , memories : lovers reclaim beloved bataclan - cnn international 

rt fight against brings putin and together 
finally seems that fight against brings putin and together ” 
" fight against brings putin and together " told yah 
fight against brings putin and together via 

new donald trump campaign ad mentions paris attacks - 
new campaign ad mentions via 
self-funded buys radio , no tv . his post-paris spot : when he's prez , " no one will mess with us . " is it that simple ? 
rt trump talks in latest round of radio ads hitting early states : 
pmorris153 : rt cnnpolitics : new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions via jd … 
maggienyt : rt cnnpolitics : new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions via jdi … 
rt cnnpolitics : new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions via jdiamond1 
trumpbma2016 : rt cnnpolitics : new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions via … 
bray_anabel : rt cnnpolitics : new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions via j … 
new trump campaign ad mentions paris attacks campaigning on dead bodies , new low for trump ? is he getting desperate ? 
trump staffer : " radio is an effective means of communication " me : what the hell is a ' radio' ? 

rt . on " is a joke " 
chris christie : obama ' created the refugee crisis ' in syria 
christie is an unfit governor . toss him . 
chris christie : obama ' created ' syrian refugee crisis - - 
rt amusing that the christie narrative is " scrappy comebacker " and not " desperate clown " … 
chris christie : obama ' created the crisis ' in syria 3rd paragraph finally puts a spotlight a truth 
chris christie : obama ' created the human crisis ' in syria - cnn 
christie : obama ' created refugee crisis ' - bitch please 
no bush did you fat piece of shit ! obama ' created the refugee crisis ' in syria 
half-cocked and half-baked - sez obama ' created the refugee crisis ' in syria 

why my state won't turn refugees away - 
rt why my state won't turn away : 
gov : why i won't turn away refugees 
educate yourself 
governor : why i won't turn away syrian refugees 
governor of delaware dropping truth bombs : 
what maturity looks like ... take note 
" law is not law , if it violates the principles of eternal justice . " sounds like jesus . 
any " human being " should salute " why my state won't turn away " 
if it were my kid . 
bring the women n children the men 18 n above should be in the militaries of the nation's they are from to help ... 
why delaware gov jack markell , a democrat , will accept refugees 
rt beautifully said and soundly reasoned . 
gov . jack markell : delaware will accept refugees 
you think you know your friends , countrymen until they rally up hate and fear mongering to allow this to happen ... 
rt good for kate brown and jay inslee and jack markell : 
hey this is what leadership looks like : 
we have a moral responsibility . turning away refugees is not the answer . 
openly said on that he'd only let christian refugees in the country . very sad . 
rt thank you for in 

sarah palin : governors ' last line of defense ' against isis 
palin : governors ' last line of defense ' against isis the queen of ignorant hate returic said something ? ? 
sarah ' last line of defense ' against this is as stupid as it gets . 
case in point : sarah palin : governors ‘ last line of defense ’ against isis - cnn 
former gov . governors ' last line of defense ' against isis 

tina fey and amy poehler will co-host show . 
tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show november 17 - 
tina fey and amy poehler to co-host show - cnnmoney 
think they’ll play any of your favo(u)rites ? 
yessssss ! " tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show " 
looking forward to tina fey and amy poehler to co-hosting ' snl ' christmas show november 17 - cnnmoney 
amy , tina and bruce on snl - best news in a long time ! via 
tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' saturday night live ' christmas show 
nice // tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show via 
tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show - cnn yas🙌🏼 
tina fey , amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' xmas show , bruce springsteen as musical guest . yay ! 
and to co-host ' snl ' christmas show via 

france and allies tried to kill suspected mastermind previously 

rt police : " serious plans for explosions " thwarted before germany vs netherlands soccer match … 

what social media got wrong about the paris attacks . csis388_andy 
debunked : what social media got wrong about paris attacks 
debunked : what social media got wro based business network 
here is what social media got wrong about the paris attacks 
what social media got wrong about attacks same old adage . don't believe everything you read . 
what got wrong 
paris attacks : what social media got wrong 
rt glengilmore : what got wrong 
false narratives emerge from paris attacks 
can't believe some people . debunked : what social media got wrong about 
the stories and that social media got wrong about 
you were quoted by 
your tweet was quoted by 
you were quoted in a story by 
using the paris attacks to spread deception : anything to do harm 

gop's " hateful rhetoric " on " a new low " " 
cnn : . hillaryclinton : gop's " hateful rhetoric " on " a new low " ( via jt7.me… 


takes harsh political rhetoric against the gop abroad -- and some aren't pleased " 
( via ) cnn : . potus takes harsh political rhetoric against the gop abroad -- and some aren … 

rt just in : is now claiming responsibility for beirut attacks 
breaking news : now claims responsibility for the attacks in beirut 

rt officials : cell phone believed used by paris attacker found ; contains message to the effect of : ' we're ready ' - http … 
french police analyzing video that may show a second suspect in paris attacks . 
latest developments in paris attacks 
latest : france pounds isis in syria ; german police arrests five 
rt officials : cell phone believed used by paris attacker recovered . contains message to effect : ok , we're ready . … 
rt cell phone believed used by paris attacker found ; contains message to the effect of : ' we're ready ' , officials say https … 
french police are working hard to get those complicit in the attacks : 
paris attacks investigation : the latest developments for tuesday tragedy 
rt retweeted ahmadiyya times ( cell phone believed used by paris attacker found ; contains message ... htt … 
investigation : black car , syringes , arrests 
in paris : what you need to know - 
the latest of the terrorist attack on paris 
paris attacks : tuesday's developments 
click this link if you really care about paris terror attacks 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( french police analyzing video that may show a second suspect in paris ... 

rt raid near was " right on time , " police source says , suspects were " about to move on some kind of operation . " … 

an app called telegram is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' . 
telegram is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' - cnnmoney 
a potential abuse or an unwanted exploit of the technology against humanity ? 
the right to protection compromised at the expense of right to privacy 
rt move over twitter , telegram is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' 
when isis terrorists want to hide what they're saying , they are increasingly turning to an app called telegram 
as responsible citizens we need to pressure these app makers to stop aiding issis with helpful apps like this ... 
apparently furries aren't the only ones using telegram : 
isis used telegram for brace yourselves for the incoming comments about & 
this app is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' 
is the ' hot new thing among - + has " help desk " to help them ! via 
these guys are not exactly a cutting-edge , neither . via cnnmoney 
rt an app called is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' you've been rumbled ! … 
an app called is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' you've been rumbled ! via 
wow this story about the app isis uses is so bizarre . 
telegram app the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' via 
does encryption help terrorist ? 
great report truly sad use of technology app called telegram the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' 
encryption works both ways . privacy or security . an app called telegram is the ‘ hot new thing among jihadists ’ . 
new app called telegram is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' 
app telegram : hot & new among jihadists & isis terrorists hide communication , increasingly turning app telegram @ 

charlie sheen tells nbc's " today show " on tuesday that he is hiv positive 
" charlie sheen tells nbc's " today show " on tue that he is hiv positive " «» 
rt charlie sheen announces that he is hiv positive 

back to the bistro ! after restaurants try to bounce back 
cnn : back to the bistro ! after restaurants try to bounce back ( via jt7 … 

rt breaking : passenger restrained on boston-bound british airways flight : 

rt police tell cnn raid is underway in suburb ; you can hear gunfire in this video . … 
picexec : rt cnn : police tell cnn raid is underway in suburb ; you can hear gunfire in this video . … 

authorities : 2 bomb attacks in 24 hours kill dozens , wound more than 120 others in 

rt parisians take back their cafes and bars by using this hashtag 
lets meet downtown oakville this friday ! 
what about meeting downtown oakville this friday ? 
lets meet in downtown oaville friday 
what about getting together downtown oakville this friday ? beaver 
cnn : parisians take back their cafes and bars by using this hashtag ( v … 

vladimir putin is offering a $50 million reward for information on egypt plane bombers " 

police analyzing video that may show a second suspect , french media reported 
rt cnn : police analyzing video that may show a second suspect , french media reported … 

alabama governor : refugees behind major threats to the u.s. 

rt two air france flights were diverted tuesday night because of bomb threats , officials said . … 

rt 3 suspects dead , 3 officers hurt after police raid in suburb , official tells cnn … 

rt a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in recent months . 
isis books & gifts in denver is vandalized . 
here's your weekend edition of " things bigoted , ignorant idiots do " 
low-iq squad vandalized " isis " bookstore--can't read/comprehend societal basics themselves 
wrong isis : bookstore vandalized 
denver store named isis is vandalized . . . as a stupid hateful fuck believes terrorists have their own bookstore . . 
denver bookstore named isis is vandalized 
either she's really dumb or a terrible business-woman ... or both . solution : change the name of your store . 
ok folks there are 270 business/product with isis name attached they are not affiliated with the terrorist ... 
how ignorant can you be ? 
isis books & gifts , a local new age store , vandalized . it's named after the ancient egyptian goddess isis , folks ! 
more than 270 businesses and products have isis in their trademarks 
what happens when your trademark is adopted by a terrorist organization ? via 
please start calling --> 
bookstore in denver vandalized because of its name . 
denver's isis bookstore vandalized 
please tell me the ' people ' who did this have voluntarily locked the door behind them to our gene pool . 
book store in targeted 
oh dear . “ a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in recent months 
“ a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in recent months . ” 
rt lol rt denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in recent months ht … 

trump : difficult to prove refugees are christian 
. difficult to prove that are christian 
trump once again says he " would consider closing down mosques , calling it ' common sense '" 

rt hoverboards , those self-balancing scooters that don't actually hover , are now illegal in nyc … 

why no mention of this today ? just attacking gop again , as usual . 
obama takes harsh political rhetoric abroad 
shithead muslim takes harsh political rhetoric abroad 
. takes harsh political rhetoric against the gop abroad via 
what a scumbag 
a rhetorical isn't very presidential . should radiate positive outlook . not negative partisan politics ; 

can we avoid climate apocalypse ? 
can we avoid apocalypse ? 
there's no one perfect climate target : just like there's no magic number of cigarettes we can smoke and still be ok . 
perspectives on 
the sooner we're able to wean ourselves off our dirty & dangerous addiction to fossil fuels , the better off we'll be 
nancy harris of on why need to be high on the agenda at 
" try solar but my op-ed says " don't try it , research it ! " hype triumphs , 

. on refugees , balance compassion and safety 
house speaker says america can balance compassion and safety w/ refugees : 
paul ryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety 
on balance compassion and safety 
paul ryan : on refugees , balance , safety , compassion 
house passed american safe act . background check 
. speakerryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety vi … 
essay by - balance security & compassion in addressing 
. cnn op-ed : " on refugees , balance safety , compassion " 
based on ' logic ' , we should avoid anything/anyone that ' might be a threat ' . like 
paul ryan : on humans , balance compassion and safety - cnn international 
a great read for your monday morning . insight on the refugee program from a man that should know , 
new op-ed by on " on refugees , balance compassion and safety " 

obama to blame for paris attacks says starwood capital ceo 
to blame for says starwood capital ceo via 
conservative douchebag millionaire blames obama for paris attacks 
and of course he has to know -----------------------> 
obama to blame for attacks says starwood capital ceo via 
starwood capital ceo : obama to blame for attacks 
no sir , you're wrong for saying : to blame for says starwood capital ceo november 17 - cnnmoney 
idiot repub 
the republicans are the only ones who will foolishly put boots on the ground in the middle east !! via 
. how do i cancel my membership & never stay in your hotels again b/c your ceo is a political douche ? 

rt this is diesel . she is a 7-year-old police dog french police say was killed in today's raid . … 



airport workers strike for $15 an hour - 
rt thousands of airport workers across the u.s. are going on strike tonight . 
airport workers across the country going on strike 
airport workers across the country go on strike 
an hour via 
airport workers going on strike 
workers strike at 7 major airports 
airport workers demanding $15 an hour have gone on strike at seven major airports in the u.s. 
another glorious day of travel 
rt breaking : workers at on strike to protest unfair labor practices 
workers at 7 major airports strike for $15 an hour via 
rt perfect timing thousands of airport workers across the u.s. are going on strike tonight 
thanksgiving air travel gonna be " awesome with an a " rt airline workers strike for $15 an hour november 19 cnnmoney 

rt just in : eight detained in raids , french prosecutor says 

rt religious leaders urge the u.s. not to halt the resettlement of syrian refugees … 
don't ' scapegoat ' syrian refugees , catholic bishops and evangelicals say 
rt exactly how religious groups should act . not like dipshit gops creating crusades . take note candidates . … 
don't ' scapegoat ' , say and 
rt every so often , religious leaders actually agree on something . welcoming syrian refugees is one of those things : … 
we are 20 trillion dollars in debt trying to save the world ... when are all these refugees gonna us back so we ... 
don't scapegoat syrian refugees , religious leaders say - 
rt don't ' scapegoat ' syrian refugees . bishops , urge us not to halt resettlement … 
agreed 
as pope outlaws drones , doubles security , has nuns frisked , sends message 2 peasants not to stop muslim invasion . 
don't scapegoat and say 
rt don't ' scapegoat ' catholic bishops and evangelicals say . 
the urges u.s. not to halt resettlement of syrian after via 
rt religious groups : accept refugees - religious groups : accept refugees 
don't ' scapegoat ' syrian refugees . bishops , urge us not to halt resettlement via 

french police dog dies in saint-denis raid - - 
rt diesel 7-year old police dog dies in french raid in saint-denis . this 🐕 had more ❤ ️ than the terrorists http … 
“ if there are no dogs in heaven , then when i die i want to go where they went . ” 
interesting ...... 
god bless the french police's brave pup that passed away . 
rt spreads in honor of diesel , french police dog who died in raid … 
today we are saying a big thank you to diesel and other service dogs like her who help to keep us safe . their ... 
honor for the french police dog who died in the saint-denis raid 
rt police diesel dies in the line of duty w/ french suicide bombing http … 
dogs are heros too ! 
rt our hearts are broken today not only because of killed and injured in france but also for k9 diesel who is yet ... https … 
rest peacefully my brave friend !!! 
real don't need a cape to be a ‼️rip 
rt real don't need a cape to be a ‼️rip 
this is a bigger story 
french in saint-denis raid 
thank you , loyal friend . 
new : a french police dog was also killed in the raid in paris . - story via 
have you seen this story ? it's been trending on social media today with we've got this plus more ... 
may diesel's memory be a blessing 

. ridicules over foreign policy 
. realdonaldtrump ridicules realbencarson over foreign policy 

. looks to seize national security advantage from obama over isis 
gop wrestle with national security advantage 
the gop looks to seize national security advantage from via 
gop looks to seize security advantage republicans believe the gop has a chance to distort the debate . 
gop to seize national security advantage from obama over isis those idiots never quit being stupid . 
gop looks to seize security advantage over - 
has become so liberal - they are incapable of reporting the facts about obama's national security failures 
you have to love how brazen these short memory gop idiots are . they caused the problem and now they and their ... 
disgraceful from the goparty of ' shrinking government ' i.e. shrinking protections of any kind . 
gop looks to seize national security advantage well terrorists don't like smell of urine soaked pants 
marco rubio : " this is a clash of civilizations . either they win or we win " 
tragedy in great news for the help conservative politicians . 
gop seizes national security advantage from obama over isis 
that isn't too difficult is it ? obama has been like gumby when it comes to isis and other threats to our country . 
gop looks to seize national security advantage from over isis via 
another example of blaming for the mess they've created . 

