hover boards are illegal nyc ' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city - cnn ... 
hover boards illegal in new york ? police consider them " vehicles " that " can't be driven on sidewalks " . wtf😂 
| ' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city via 
' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city , and fines can be up to $50 
one wheel 
no hoverboard-like gadgets in the park ? " they're considered vehicles , and vehicles can't be driven on sidewalks . " 


rt more than half of u.s. governors say not welcome . this map breaks it down : … 

“ ... this thanksgiving americans will eat an estimated 46 million turkeys . ” for more shocking turkey day facts , visit 
we can’t get enough data . breaks down by the numbers : 

turkish military admits to shooting down russian plane 


aksel lund svindal wastes no time in ski comeback 

rt source : colorado springs suspect spoke of " baby parts " after planned parenthood shooting . 
rt planned parenthood shooting : witness faced off with gunman at parking lot 
source : suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after planned parenthood shooting . 
rt witness faced off with suspect in planned parenthood parking lot 
considering the amt of coverage had of vids it's hard to believe a bkwoods guy was influenced 
rt please pray for those affected by the shooting in colorado and join me and millions of other pro-life advocates ... https://… 
rt “ attorney general : planned parenthood shooting a ' crime against women ' ” i can see this guy ha … 
interesting guy may have studied under master thespian gene rosen 
prosecuting animal crimes can also help prevent violence against humans ... " dear was arrested and charged with ... 
i want to know his ethnicity and religious affiliation so i can hate , and fear all similar peoples . 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( source : colorado springs suspect spoke of " baby parts " after planned ... 
i never then they go and and hurt people 
source : suspect spoke of ' baby parts ' after shooting . i wonder where he gets his news ? 
rt while we talk about isis , meet the white male , the biggest terrorist threat in america . 

rt germany-netherlands soccer match canceled ; fans at hanover stadium asked to leave , police say . 
rt stadium in germany evacuated after " serious plans for explosions , " police chief says . 

. calls troops , offers refugees welcome on thanksgiving 
obama on thanksgiving : calls troops , offers refugees welcome 
rt . calls troops , offers refugees welcome on thanksgiving 
obama : remember the refugees of 1620 
obama : remember the refugees of 1620 homeless 
obama calls offers welcome on 
obama offers refugees welcome on thanksgiving i think no one was here to welcome the pilgrims . idiot . 
obama offers thksgiving yes , mr. obama . ask the native americans how well it went for them ! idiot . 
. potus calls troops , offers refugees welcome on thanksgiving 
as america opens her doors in 2015 , she needs to ask : what happened to the nation that opened its doors in 1620 ? 
love " now , people should remember that no refugee can enter our borders until they undergo the highest security ... 
this marks 7 years didnt show up in a deployed location & celebrate thanksgiving w/ the troops ! 
great president 



american airlines no longer accepting argentina's peso 
so ... american airlines is no longer accepting argentina's peso via $aal 
american airlines no longer accepting peso via cnnmoney 
american airlines won't let customers buy flights with argentine pesos . 


may we have permission to feature your photo ? verify here : 
rt may we have permission to feature your photo ? verify here : 

. denial challenged by reporter via 
challenged via will accept reporter over this any day 
trump's denial challenged by reporter 
donald trump : totes totally . 
how on earth does this not get publicity ? what an audacious thing to do regardless of if you know him or not . 
another moment from disabled reporter , then denying that he did via 
own up 2 knows & made fun of him trumps denial challenged by reporter november 27 - cnnmoney 
rt donald trump's denial challenged by reporter 
donald trump's denial challenged by reporter/this man is an excuse for a human being 
donald trump's denial challenged by reporter november 27 - cnnmoney 
[ busted ] donald trump's denial challenged by reporter whose disability he is accused of mocking 
donald trump's denial challenged by reporter with disability 
special needs awareness 101 . lead by example . 
" despite having one of the all-time great memories , i certainly do not remember him . " 
is this real ?!? donald trump's denial challenged by reporter - cnnmoney 
you're a total asshole , donald . trump's mocks reporter with disability : 
rt so , further confirmation that trump is a homophobic , racist , transphobic , ableist piece of trash ? 
rt for the record : yet another falsehood debunked | donald trump's denial challenged by reporter november 27 … 

rt two new photographs of princess charlotte have been released . 
new photos of princess charlotte 
rt check this out palace releases new photos of princess charlotte - cnn international : walesonlin ... … 
beautiful princess . palace releases new photos of princess charlotte 
duchess of cambridge shoots photos of princess charlotte - 

opinion : enough with french flag facebook logo - 
wow , cnn is looking at even the lowest places for someone to write for them . | enough with the french flag logo 







canada to resettle 25,000 syrian refugees within three months . . 
rt this is how you defeat daesh : canada to resettle 25,000 syrian refugees in the next three months . 
how much $$ are you spending sealing off border w/ canada now ? how about with states that accept refugees ?? 
are we now going to seal off our entire northern border ?? 
rt " we want these families arriving to be welcomed , not feared . " canada commits to resettling 25,000 refugees . 👏 … 
the most humane thing that could happen to citizens in a war torn country , is for them to get out of there and ... 
finally some good news : canada : we'll resettle 25,000 syrian refugees 
rt canada : we'll resettle 25,000 syrian refugees 


miami police hunt christmas tree thief 
christmas tree thief hunted by miami police on thanksgiving 


oh please don't!! // ' gods of egypt ' director apologize for predominantly white cast = 
um ... so ... will the upcoming live tv movie , the wiz , have this same kind of backlash for having nothing but ... 
i'm confused - if you make the film shouldn't you be able to cast whoever you want to ? 
director : sorry for the white cast 
' gods of egypt ' director , lionsgate apologize for predominantly white cast . 
director : sorry for the white cast . fair enough , and medieval movies should not have people of colour in , right ? yes 
rt for the white cast 
we're looking for an apology of how bad this movie is to watch . 
hollywood's done it again , when will they learn ... - director apologizes for predominantly white cast 
so .. wtf hollywood ?.. awesome concept , tons of great talent out there , and you screwed it up with casting ? 
rt how did no one question this ? director : sorry for the white cast . but too . http … 
director : sorry for the white cast .. why would someone want to apologize for this . " they " already have a gold ticket 
" gods of egypt " filmmakers apologize for white cast 
' gods of egypt ' makers sorry for white cast 
spf 40 needed for all white cast of portrayal of egyptians in new movie gods of egypt 
director casts mostly white people for a film in egypt with no white people ... but says he's really sorry , man 
' gods of egypt ' director , lionsgate apologize for white cast & i just talked about this . 
' gods of egypt ' director , lionsgate apologize for lack of diversity 
betty white said this : egyptians , in history and today , have never been white . bring back geography !! it's africa ! " 
' gods of egypts ' , movie is a good example of ignorance to other cultures & their rich history . 
bull crap ... 
geography 101 : egypt is in afirca . even the current ' middle eastern ' egyptians arrived only recently ,... 
' gods of egypt ' apologize for predominantly 
a movie set in egypt with only one black cast member ? oh , . 
actress bette midler was among those to call out the filmmakers for casting white men in a film based on egyptian ... 

rt opinion : demographic revolution crowding out white privilege 
an america that's more than white 
what does it mean for whiteness and americanness to delink ? racial tension is on the increase . 
and beneath them all is a deep tectonic shift : whiteness and americanness are at long last delinking . this will ... 
eric liu harps on about " white privilege , " cheering that " whiteness and americanness are at long last delinking . " 
. " can we find a language of race that is not , literally & figuratively , so black and white ? " 
an america that's mre thn white - will conservatives go back 2 forced castration 2 reduce minority birth rates ? 
i , too sing america 
as whites & blacks continue to debate what is america , the country will slowly turn into a spanish speaking 1 
many other issues , must also gain comfort w/the prospect of a u.s. , and order . 
opinion : white privilege is ending 
but as they say in the gym , pain is just laziness leaving the body ............................. 
another racist article from cnn ... 
" white privilege . " a ridiculous notion that i've never benefitted from . stop race baiting 
rt : america is not " white " anymore . and whites don't like it ( the bigots that is ) . me being " white " don't give a … 
america is not " white " anymore . and whites don't like it ( the bigots that is ) . me being " white " don't give a shit . 
rt " a majority of babies born in u.s. are now of non-euro descent . in 25 yrs , u.s. will be majority people of color . " https : … 

rt 6 dead in texas campsite attack ; suspect in custody 

on thanksgiving , think of the refugee children 
" on thanksgiving , think of the children " via 
on think of the syrian children , by 
retweeted unicef usa ( " on thanksgiving , think of the children " via ... 
on thanksgiving , be kind to refugees 
more than 2m of the refugees fleeing syria are children . " we have to find room at the crowded table " 
we have so much , they have nothing ! 

' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed seeks $15 million , apologies - - 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city 
u.s. ' clock boy ' seeks $15m and apology 
family of ' clock boy ' seeks $15m 
rt family of ' clock boy ' seeks $15m 
wow lol 
- he isnt a dummy - officials got played - americans don't seek to bankrupt our own home town schools over feelings . 
he had my sympathy and now my outright contempt ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million 
boy ' mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from city 
' clock boy's ' family seeks $15 million , apology 
' clock boy ' seeks $15m and apology ! " a way to get rich " ! of course the school took precautions ! what if ... 
wow . i need to do this , i could use the cash . ok , so if i build a questionable device , and scare people , i can go ... 
$15m ?! what a world we live in . get a job you bum . ' clock boy ' seeks $15 million 
' clock boy'mohamed's family seeks $15 million from texas city . judge should sanction the lawyer for being an idiot 
child ' s " reputation in the global community is permanently scarred " ? should sue his father and then cnn . 
family of ' clock boy ' seeks $15m carefully planned ! let's see if o makes the sb cave . 
cool scam , ahmed . 
rt interrupting idol talk for real talk : family , let it gooooo , your kid is practically a superstar , not … 
interrupting idol talk for real talk : family , let it gooooo , your kid is practically a superstar , not global trash 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million & apology from texas city : 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from tx city 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million . i think they meant ' cock boy ' anything for a pay day :/ 
ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million , apologies from texas city . report something suspicious and get sued ? wtf ?? 
is family entitled to this ? 
sad to know this happened to this young man , but 15 million ?? this is part of the reason america is broke 
rt " if you see something say something " can get you sued . 
texas ' clock boy ' seeks $15 million from city 
' clock boy ' it looked like a bomb , sorry . walk it off it ! it was a very understandable error 
u.s. ' clock boy ' seeking $15 million 
now that the buzz ran out , time for the money ! ahmed to sue state for $15 million . 
extortion money for radicals . 
' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed's family seeks $15 million ridiculous . if they win money should go to muslim group 
shocker of the year . . . . never let a good money grab opportunity go to waste . 

clinton : don't get swayed by gop ' fear tactics and scare mongering ' 
. don't get swayed by the gop's " fear tactics and scare mongering " 
clinton : don't be swayed by gop ' fear tactics/scare mongering'-from queen of scare tactics 
president hillary rodham clinton " i want democrats to vote for me , but i want sensible republicans to vote for ... 
clinton : gop ' scare mongering ' 
as her former state department issued a world wide travel alert : rt : clinton : don't get swayed by gop care mongering ' 
clinton : don't get swayed by gop ' fe wtf hillary , no need . look at the world ? open your eyes ! 

putin offers $50 million reward to anyone who can lead the investigators to those responsible for the plane terror . 

rt . is ending his campaign for president . " i've come to the realization that this is not my time . " … 
rt louisiana governor bobby jindal has announced that he is ending his presidential bid , saying " this is not my time " . https :/ … 
lol - and he was so close to top in polls gop(r)bobby jindal announces he is ending presidential campaign 
oh damn - - lol ------ gop(r)bobby jindal announces he is ending presidential campaign 


rt publishes photo of what it says is bomb that downed russian plane 

rt . calls for a pause in refugee program 

lindsey vonn : ' i still love ' tiger woods 
there's no in florida , that's why they failed : : lindsey vonn : ' i still love tiger woods ' 

rt muslims turned to social media using the hashtag to condemn … 

rt before january raid , belgian counterterrorism traced calls to cell phone in greece thought to be used by abaaoud https :/ … 
moroccan inteligencia was the master behind catchin abdelhamid abaaoud , suspected ringleader of paris attack 
rt who is abdelhamid abaaoud , suspected ringleader of paris attack ? 

is racism on the rise ? 
rt poll : racism a big problem in us 
rt poll : racism a big problem in u.s. 
rt 49% of americans say racism is a “ big problem , ” according to new cnn/kaiser family foundation poll . … 
americans who say racism is a big problem 2011 28% 2015 49% 
after reading the study , it's fair to say , the melting pot is overheating with racism in america 
racism is a ' big problem ' to more americans , poll finds - 
racism is still a big problem in our society today . 
is on the rise ? more in say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 
rt new threat is ' racism without racists ' according to | 
rt 49% of americans says is a " big problem " in our society . we need more and acceptance of ... … 
racism on the rise ; many in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn poll finds 


holiday recipes using pumpkin and squash wouldn't be possible if it wasn't for early humans 
some of your favorite thanksgiving recipes are possible thanks to mastodons & early humans 
cnn story for thanksgiving on our pumpkin/ squash ancient dna paper ! 
surprising shit . 💩 
use pumpkins , squash , gourds at thank the mastodons ... 
probing ancient mastodon dung , scientists discover early humans had a lot to do with saving thanksgiving dinner 
something to think about while eating that pumpkin pie ! 
gourds : thank ancestors for saving thanksgiving staple 
thanks to mastodons , we still have this 
squashed : a story of megafauna and plant domestication timed for this week's festivities : 
~ probing ancient scientists discover early saving dinner 
breeder lindsay wyatt was interviewed for this article from 
probing ancient mastodon dung , scientists discover ancientman saved vital part of thanksgiving dinner 
the modern gourd : thanks to mastodon dung and early humans for preventing its extinction 
probing ancient mastodon dung , scientists discover early humans had a lot to ... - cnn 

rt 2 air france flights from u.s. to were diverted last night because of bomb threats … 

america's new thanksgiving trend : 
' friendsgiving ' -- america's new thanksgiving trend via 
have you heard of it's the trend of the season . are you getting your friend group together this yr ? 
america has a new thanksgiving trend : " friendsgiving " 
such a strange trend ! 
alone ? can't take dysfunctional family ? there's hope ! 
dear millenials : posting your home-cooked thanksgiving w/ friends on social media doesn't make it a new thing - 
will you be attending a this year ? 
the new thanksgiving trend 
are you familiar with friendsgiving ? reports on this trend : 
who's having a friendsgiving ? 
... new - cnnmoney 
rt america's new thanksgiving trend : 
this is nothing new . been doing this for years . 
-- america's new trend - 
have you heard about 

davis cup final : belgium on high alert for great britain clash 
davis cup final : belgium on high alert for gb visit 

the tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor 
this guy is inspiring . 
i wish i could vote in pa purely so i could vote for fetterman 
profile of up on via braddock's first craft gets a shoutout ! 
rt mayor john sat down with to talk about this race , and what " winds his clock . " check it out : … 
tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor via 
rt tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor via htt … 
sharing this article on again . pay attention to him for a senate seat in pa in 2016 . 
here's a good man i've never met but would like to ! another guy that makes trump look like chump ! 
tattooed pa mayor makes senate run 
if you don't know him you should . 
rt here's my profile of john fetterman — the 6'8 " tattooed mayor who's running for senate . … 
i genuinely like john fetterman , and i think he's got a real shot in a general . check him out , pa dems . 
tattooed mayor makes senate bid 
this man is running for senate , and seems interesting . 
great article about and what he's doing for 
the tattoos are not the most interesting thing about in braddock , pennsylvania . 
i am a cynic , w/ all the doubts for our current system but i read this & the cynicism turns into a smile , maybe hope 
let us know when you run , i would like to donate to your campaign . 
cnn politics profile on john fetterman , d for senate : 
in the spirit of political longshot successes : tattoos aren't the most interesting thing about this senate candidate 
the tattoos aren't the most interesting thing about - profile 
i wanted to know what tattoos have to do with him running for the senate . worth a read . 
the tattoos get attention , but story goes deeper with this pgh-area mayor running for us senate : via 
great story via for a monday morning ! 


political prediction market : cruz ahead of trump 
i truly believe this is our man .. 
rt political prediction market : edges ahead of 
political prediction : cruz edges ahead of trump cruz is leader of the losers flavor this week-so what ? 
political predicts edges ahead of trump 
political prediction market : cruz edges ahead of trump 
political prediction market : edges ahead of via 
media is pushing cruz hard to overtake trump . trump's got best chance to win election . 
cruz's odds * are actually very good . 
using online poll as proof edging worthless poll 
rt prediction market : cruz edges ahead of trump … 

your favorite brands are launching in 
rt . your favorite big brands have big plans for ! … 
your favorite are launching in 
your favorite brands are launching in africa november 24 - cnnmoney 
. your favorite big brands have big plans for ! by 
guess who is coming to breakfast , nigeria ? well someday soon at least ... i think i can be convinced to visit now . 
rt boom ! your favorite brands are launching in africa ! here's my story on cnnmoney 
brands launching in africa november 24 - cnnmoney 
among co's to start businesses in 
your favorite brands are launching in africa ( hint : starbucks and krispy kreme ! ) 
africa isn't homogenous . potential yet risk . financial , political & infrastructure extremes . enter with eyes open . 
us's favorite brands are launching in africa via 
your favorite brands are launching in africa - cnnmoney 
" within five years we could be in five or six countries in africa ... this is the hottest new market in the world . " 
would want to watch the trend in with krispy kreme and dunkins now launching in africa - cnn 
africa is becoming an emerging market for lots of american brands to enter via 

. hits new lows 
donald trump's disturbing racial rhetoric 
rt my cnn article on trump's racist rhetoric 
this guy is just scary . the fact that people even listen to his negative racial diatribes is rediculous . for a ... 
trump will be stopped . states that allow candidates on the voting slate can deny on grounds of dangerous , racist ... 
donald trump's disturbing race war 
donald trump < go look at the art in his campaign hq slide show . wow . 
after slandering mexicans as drug dealers and rapists , and retweeting images of monkeys trying to cross the ... 
donald trump's disturbing racial rhetoric ( opinion ) - 
what's this about 
donald hits new lows 
rt donaldtrumphitsnewlows op ed is slanderous the protester didnt get beat up & trump never retw … 
donaldtrumphitsnewlows op ed is slanderous the protester didnt get beat up & trump never retweeted that image 
trump building constituency of white christians with his racial slurs ? speak against him white christians ... stand up 
if this man is elected president i am leaving the country . does he even think about what he says ? 
more lies from trump's filthy mouth . every time he opens his mouth he spews more hate and feces than anyone else ... 
you say trump has hit a new low ... but he's still in the lead . stop looking at him and look at us ! 
trump's supporters will be considered guilty by association . guilty of his disturbing racial rhetoric . 

belgium : end of border-free europe ' on the table ' 
end of border-free europe “ on the table , ” according to belgium’s un ambassador : 
belgian ambassador : end of border-free europe ' on the table ' 

rt “ hashtag trends in honor of french police dog who died in raid http … 
rt hashtag trends in honor of french police dog who died in raid … 

cnn claims french solidarity in face of muslim terrorist attacks has nazi undertones . 
france remembers paris terror victims after hollande beats war drums 
rt cnn tv : paris attack victims honored in national ceremony . 
france remembers paris terror victims after hollande vows to destroy isis . 
national flags will fly from buildings in france friday in solidarity with 130 people killed in the paris attacks . 
france vows to ' destroy ' fanatics 
remembers victims , as its president challenges 
french prez committing to war vs isis without sending ground troops is pure cowardice 
france remembers paris terror victims , after president beats war drums against isis 
france memorializes paris terror victims 
remembers terror victims , after# president war drums against 
france remembers paris terror victims , as its president beats war drums against isis 

ben carson : the most misunderstood candidate ? 

cnn citing turkish air force warning " this is turkish air force , change dot-dot-dot .. " 

" the hyperloop : 11 things to know " 
the hyperloop : 11 things to know - cnnmoney 
the 11 things to know . 
helfai : the hyperloop : 11 things to know via cnnmoney ( via twitt … 
rt the hyperloop : 11 things to know 
making the hyperloop a reality 
from running to catch a train , or plane , to nyc , we'll be running to catch a tube . dc to nyc in <3 0 minutes . 
the hyperloop : 11 things to know sounds pretty cool . 
will the hyperloop change the way we travel ? 
hyperloop experience : traveling 700 mph 
thought you would find this interesting ! slideshow of updated design renderings for the hyperloop . 
rt $20 from los angeles to san francisco and in 30 minutes . 


rt paris terror attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep 
some terrorist changed his mind possibly ? 
possible suicide vest found 
" possible suicide vest found in paris suburb " - 
no sign of paris suspect in belgium raids as brussels remains under high alert - cnn 
paris attacks : 21 arrested in belgium amid massive security sweep👉 
possible suicide vest found in garbage can . 
attacks isis from aircraft carrier , launches bid to build coalition : 
french launch attacks from carrier . possible suicide vest found 
finally a cowardly terrorist ! if only more terrorists where like salah abdeslam . 
it appears france has a new foreign policy for the muddle east that copies ours : bomb arabs . i suspect their ... 
isis hit by jets from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort 
france hits isis from aircraft carrier 
isis hit from french aircraft carrier as hollande launches coalition effort france grew balls . allahu akbar ... 
france attacks isis from aircraft carrier - 

escaped ' the beast ' of baltimore 
he escaped ' the beast ' of 
why i stay in baltimore 
a compelling portrait . from squeegee boy to college professor , d . watkins escaped ' the beast ' of 
great article on the inner city .... and going on to success .... enjoy 
cool article . 
great feature on on check it out here - ' the beast side ' is available now 

rt opinion : the world should do more to help turkey , lebanon and jordan take on syrian refugees … 


paris anarchists threw the candles from memorial at police . wow , just ... wow . 
leaders in paris for climate conference show me the data !!!! show me the facts !! not some stupid " model " ! 
world leaders climate conference all of these scientist receiving govt . money to pay their bills ? thank you . 
leaders arrive in paris for climate conference 
french police and protestors clash amidst international climate change meeting 
attacked by terrorists 2 weeks ago and the french are clashing with police about not being able to protest . smdh 
world leaders paris climate conference no more models ! give the people factual data !! lord monckton rules !! 
police and protesters clash in paris 
obama , other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference 
admitting state of emergency power not only 4 terrorists but 4 " troubling " environmental activists 
arrive in for 
leaders due in paris for cop21 climate change conference - 
police and protesters clash in as world leaders arrive for climate conference 
" obama and other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference . " 
leaders due in paris for cop21 climate change meeting - 
jeez , as if the paris police don't have enough to deal with . why protest attempts to deal with climate change ? cnn 
despite all the violence by warmists , they were mostly peaceful or something 
warmists pelt police with , wait , candles ? seriously ? 
radical climate protesters pelted french police with candles stolen from paris attack memorials 
' scandalous ' scuffles at climate talks 
i found the story highlights to be helpful in this article as well as the use of tweets and twitter pictures : 
if you have ever held ur breath u know its not very fun climate conference 
wake up , tell ur government 2 stop spraying the sky w/ chemtrails , which contribute to change climate by force . 
world leaders in for major conference 
, other leaders due in for major conference 
150 leaders due in for major conference 
obama , other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference change 
rt obama , other leaders due in paris for major climate change conference 

is owning 
black twitter is owning thanksgiving 
black twitter owned thanksgiving and now everyone wants in 
congrats to the black families of the us , cnn says you owned thanksgiving . 
black twitter inspires thanksgiving hilarity - 
owned and now everyone wants in 
essence of " turkey " tweets or happy thanksgiving … 
black twitter -- hell , black folk are the best ♡ 
essence of " turkey tweets happy thanksgiving 
twitter , thanksgiving via 
hold up ? the black thanksgiving hashtag made it on 
social media is a large part of the check out article on trending hashtags . 
best hashtag ever 🍗 via 

texas campsite attack : 6 dead , suspect in custody 

rt belgium must heal divisions , says footballer 
finally ! a true leader ! 
speaking on the and the problems that face belgium 
paris attacks : belgium must heal divisions , says vincent kompany 
kompany : belgium must do more 
soccer star : belgium must heal divisions 
belgium must heal divisions , says footballer vincentkompany 

rt house speaker paul ryan calls for a " pause " in syrian refugee program 


i bet you don't know about this important woman in pop music history ( i didn't ) . 
cynthia robinson , sly and the family stone trumpeter , dead at 71 : 
sly and the family stone trumpeter dies 
" cynthia's ( robinson's ) role in music history isn't celebrated enough .... " 
awesome lady - cynthia robinson , sly and the family stone trumpeter - 
rip cynthia robinson of sly and family stone . " get up and dance to the music " 
missing you 💜 
rip sly & the family stone trumpet player/singer cynthia robinson 
just in ! 
sly and the family stone's cynthia robinson dead at 71 - 
pioneering funk-rock musician dies 
cynthia robinson of sly & the family stone has passed away . 
rip cynthia - thanks to you - we all got up and " danced to the music ! " 
[ r . i . p . ] cynthia robinson , trumpeter , dead at 71 loved her songs as a child & still do ! 
condolences rip thanks for the music ! 
cynthia robinson , sly and the family stone trumpeter , passed away 
sly & the family stone's cynthia robinson has transitioned into spirit ! we wish her well ! 

dead in texas and kansas as wintry storm sweeps south-central u.s. 
floods leave 3 dead in dallas area ; 2.5 m people under ice storm warning in texas , oklahoma , kansas . 
wintry storm hits south-central us ; 3 dead in texas flooding - cnn international 
may 1st , 2nd , 3rd 2010 , nashville / 64 ft , 88 feet at the court house in clarksville tennessee ... gut wrenching . 
10 dead in and as wintry storm sweeps south-central u.s. 
wintry storm hits central plains ; 10 dead 
7 dead in tx and ks in winter storm 
7 dead in texas , kansas as wintry storm sweeps plains - 
7 dead in texas and kansas as wintry storm sweeps south-central u.s. 
wintry storm pounds region , kills 7 
it's crazy texas gets an ice storm while we've been wearing shorts for the past week ! sending prayers to all the ... 
7 dead as wintry storm hits plains 
wintry storm pounds region , killing 7 
3 dead in texas flooding ; wintry storm hits south-central u.s. 
3 dead in texas floods ; wintry storm hits u.s. 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( floods leave 3 dead in dallas area ; 2.5 m people under ice storm warning ... 
dallas area gets 7 inches cold heavy rain and counting . flooding has led to three deaths in the dallas area after ... 
wintry storm hits south-central u.s. ; 3 dead in texas flooding 

could the u.s. government shut down over refugees ? 

the inconvenient truth : there's no easy military answer to war on isis 
. w bush’s iraq/isis mess leaves obama no good options 
. w bush’s iraq/isis mess left obama with no good options 


meet china's dinosaur king 
is this the pompeii of dinosaur finds ? 
china's golden age of paleontology - 
meet the dinosaur king 

iowa poll : clinton maintains lead over sanders 
iowa poll : maintains a lead over via 
congrats hillary --> poll : clinton maintains lead over sanders 

rt bombing terrorists feeds their ideology - sally kohn shares some really interesting thoughts on 
“ retired army lt . gen . mike flynn says the drone war is creating more terrorists than it's killing ” 

sure you don't care about this , because the victim is white , the animals that killed her were black 
move if you don't like living here 
pastor's pregnant wife killed by two black men 
pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests in pregnant wife's murder 
just wondering where all the outrage is for this ..... it's only a ... 
rt police arrest man in connection with murder of pregnant pastor's wife . 
i'd be more disturbed over this then a cop shooting a criminal 
... can anyone hear amanda's scream for help & pleading for mercy ? 
where is the protest for this pregnant woman's murder ? 
two black guys arrested for the murder and rape of amanda blackburn 
uhhh no . these black lives don't matter . 
violence is everywhere 
we have a sick culture in america . arrests in death of pastors wife . they were on crime spree . don't blame poverty . 
do they have the death penalty in indiana ? suspects arrested in the murder of the pastor's wife . 
do t forget the pastors pregnant wife murdered in indianapolis . 
. so use spot-metering . 
amanda blackburn news : 
" today i am deciding to love , not hate . " 
indiana amanda blackburn killing arrest - 
pastor chooses ' love not hate ' after wife's killing 
two arrested in death of pastor's wife amanda blackburn - 
where is the outrage , protests , and signs for ? 
when the media gonna fawn over this husbands ability to forgive ? 
man arrested in pastor's wife murder case - 
- there is real evil in this world , and these soulless , disgusting monsters prove it . 
men arrested in pastor's wife killing 
cnn has them shown here . think obama will comment on this case ? don't hold your breath ... 
" choosing to let my emotions drive my decisions is recipe for a hopeless and fruitless life . " 

tell us why is too much 
looks back wistfully to days when news media reported news . 

will we write earth's death sentence ? 
some tips in here for you as individuals you can implement to play your part in fixing climate change issues : 
will we write earth's next chapter or its obituary ? 
climate change : what you can do ? 
something to think about my friends : 
will today's leaders write earth's next chapter or its obituary ? 
opinion : how you can fix climate change . 

swimming with 5 giants of the ocean 
swimming with the underwater big 5 
anyone swimming with sea lions this holiday ? plan your next " swim " vacation : 
cnn - beasts of the deep : swimming with the big 5 - 
swimming with the alternative big 5 
travel news : 

rt was suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud killed in raid ? dna test may tell : … 

pope francis delivers stern warning ahead of paris climate conference | 
also 
ahead of would be catastrophic , were particular interests to prevail over the common good . 
pope francis on global warming- cnn . remember , according to the gop , global warming is a liberal myth . 
pope francis urges religious unity in his first mass in africa | 
pope francis urges religious unity at mass in africa - " interest/vested groups won't change til they're affected . 
the celebrates mass at the university of nairobi . 
pope francis ' first mass in africa thronged 
urges religious unity in his first mass in africa via 
thousands braved the rain in kenya , pope francis urges religious unity 
throngs attend pope francis ' first mass in africa in rain-soaked nairobi 

this time , france wants the war - 
rt how will the downing of a russian jet impact the war on weighs in . … 
obama : we are all french 
. after meeting we are all french now via & 
obama : we are all french now well he certainly isn't american . 
rt . and meet : what a différence in u . s . -french relations 
no , emperor obama we are not all french now . i am an american . 
obama and hollande meet : what a difference in u . s . -french relations 
. potus after meeting fhollande : we are all french now via s … 
obama after meeting hollande : we are all french now - - 
isis can only be stopped by defeating their ideology first . 
. aftr meet ' we're all french now ' & 

technology and fight against terror ... 
technology and the fight against terrorism 
. and the fight against via 
technology & the fight vs . | by & 
fuck you , cnn , for blaming encryption for terrorism . 
how isis terrorists are ' going dark ' 
isis using telegram to avoid detection 
technology that's effecting : the power vacuum created in that general area . technology & the fight against terrorism 
watch this next time it airs : includes criticism of by james clapper . 
technology both a problem and a solution in the fight the fight isis via 
interesting article - 
today's round of equating encryption to terrorism brought to you by cnn 
people need to start thanking edward snowden for the acts of terrorists 
good ? so we are all being watched ? 
terror's tech weapons wage virtual war 
can a terrorist really go dark ? 
very sobering article on terrorism and the use of technology --> 
isis going dark ? hmm , that explains our worries about climate change via 
secure options consulting llc 
cnn blames encryption and secure communication apps called for terrorism ... 

isis publishes photo of what it says is bomb that downed russian plane 


viral youtube star cj renounces finally ! just wait a few more weeks ... 
viral teen youtube star renounces conservatism 
' anti-obama ' kid quits gop 
rt as a young conservative who's been involved for almost 5 years now , i told you cj was a fraud . did you listen ? no ! https : … 
i told you all , didn't i ? i knew reality would wake him up . viral teen yt star renounces conservatism 
rt lmao now conservatives will talk about him just like they do other blacks . 
rt " i was tired of being a champion of a party that turned a blind eye to racial discrimination . " 
rt kudos to for wanting to be an objective voice rather than a mouthpiece . 
" i was tired of being a champion of a party that turned a blind eye to racial discrimination . tired of being a ... 
i hope that gets left alone to find his voice . 
' anti-obama kid ' quits gop // that didn't take long . 
viral anti-obama teen youtube star renounces conservatism 
the 13-year-old internet phenom who gained national attention criticizing president barack obama and briefly was ... 
ha ! ' anti-obama kid ' quits 
vid viral teen youtube star cj pearson renounces conservatism 
i was tired of being a champion of a party that turned a blindeye to racial discrimination . viral teen renounces gop 
rt black gop teen a youtube star renounces conservatism after gop displays rampant racism . https … 
rt did learn that to have " conservative " followers u must mock and/or keep mouth shut about racial injustice … 
rofl ! i told those right-wing dumbasses again and again that he would do exactly that ! 
13y/o black conserv . internet sensation & darling of republicans for bashing obama renounces conservatism 
conservative youtube african-american teen star renounces conservatism and quits ted cruz campaign . lol . 
conservative teen renounces the gop . it's ok , kid . i was a conservative once too . 
rt that 13-yr-old anti-obama youtube star who wowed the rnc and was hired by ted cruz ? he just renounced conservatism . https :/ … 
intelligent teen renounces unpatriotic , morally bankrupt conservatism . 
selective hearing * sigh * one would think that an alleged " reporter " would actually source check his story before ... 
you'd think he noticed their ways before stanning for them publicly . 
rt teen social media star renounces conservatism , will be unbound by party : 
lil man growing up ... 
my " give a damn " meter is registering at very low levels on this issue . this story was sent to me , but i don't ... 
rt as a former conservative , i empathize w/ this kid's struggle . 
youtube star renounces sites & eye opening video ! 
rt yesterday was a bad day for conservatives . not just b/c they're bracing for robert dear's motives , but also this : … 
rt black viral teen star realizes gop is kinda racist , renounces conservatism 
rt it's hard to be a young black kid realizing that the world thinks you're dangerous 

rt new campaign ad mentions 


tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show - cnn 

paris tourism suffers huge slump after terror attack 
paris tourism suffers huge slump after terror attack : paris is suffering a huge drop in tourism ... 
paris tourism suffers huge slump after terror attack : even before the attacks , winter holiday bo ... 
paris tourism suffers huge slump after attack - cnnmoney 


google plants star wars easter egg 
google plants star wars easter egg november 24 - cnnmoney 
google plants star wars easter egg via 
a long time ago in a galaxy far far away ... 
google plants via 
brilliant use of resources ! plants star wars easter egg november 24 - cnnmoney 
omfg 
december 17th cannot come fast enough “ plants easter egg november 24 ” 
have you seen the new google star wars easter egg ? 
google easter egg 

debris from spacex rocket found 4,000 miles from launch site , in uk : 
u.s. rocket debris found in uk 
failed rocket is now a british bird feeder ! . 
rocket into space blows up , takes trip to uk instead . 
from rocket found 4,000 miles from launch site , in uk 
part of a spacex falcon 9 rocket washed ashore in the uk , 4000 miles from its launch site in cape canaveral . oops ! 
i remember watching the live footage of the launch , at the time 😟 
debris from failed spacex rocket launch found in uk 
debris from spacex launch found near uk isle 
debris from failed spacex launch found 4,000 miles away off british isle 
debris from failed launch found 4,000 miles away off british isle 
debris from failed launch found in uk 
debris from spacex launch found 4,000 miles away 
it's a small world after all :-) 
excuse me awefully sorry to bother you ; would you mind picking up your rocket bits ? made a frightful mess 

rt raid near was " right on time , " police source says , suspects were " about to move on some kind of operation . " … 

to workers : shun black friday and instead enjoy blue skies -- with pay ! 
is delighted to support in their campaign today . 
avoiding the retail madness of black friday , rei encourages its workers & customers to 
rt to workers : shun black friday and instead enjoy blue skies -- with pay ! 
time off with pay and free parks(almost sold out ! ) on 
can turn green with 
another reason rei is awesome ! 
i've seen a couple ads for this and think it's a great idea and much needed reprieve from material madness . 
or blue skies ? 
meal have you feeling like you're in need of a work out ? for this 
today , is giving its employees paid time off instead of opening for 
to workers : shun black friday and instead enjoy blue skies -- with pay ! having worked in retail , this = awesome 
looking for a plan for rei's says shun black friday , enjoy blue skies 
rei's shun black friday , enjoy blue skies 
rei to workers : shun black friday , enjoy nature a good company 
store to workers : enjoy black friday off great idea ! 
rei to workers : shun black friday , enjoy blue skies - 
i'm with rei on this one ! get off the couch , stop buying crap and enjoy life !!!... 
if you are not up to a hike on friday- shop local . 
black friday is dead , long live rei <3 
we support the spirit of what rei is doing for black friday and we're glad the big box guys can afford to shut ... 
i love what is doing for 
catching a lot of steam for lots abandoning the malls for the outdoors . 
so tell me exactly where you go black friday , you headed into malls or you going to opt outside ? 
great piece by on the best way to spend the dreaded 
great concept more stores could embrace . rei to workers : shun black friday and instead enjoy blue skies 
time for feds to join ? 49 ca state parks join 
i love this idea ! is what i'll be doing on friday ! :) 
if you're opposed to black friday you can 
wtg , closing all 143 locations on & paying 12,000 employees to enjoy the outdoors . 
way to go rei ! 
- haven't heard anything - what's your take on rei & other retailers closing in black friday - 
rei seems to be engaging in some great employment practices . the flsa encourages these kinds of decisions 

an app called telegram is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' : 

how our project hive is " rebranding " the global refugee crises+advocacy in america . 
how to make americans care about refugees 
as the refugee crisis escalates , one startup wants to prove that plenty of americans care . 
one is working with to prove that americans care about 
let's make the supporting a forefront issue for americans . 
rt as the refugee crisis escalates , one startup wants to prove that plenty of americans care . https … 
rt parijakavilanz : one is working with unrefugeeagency to prove that americans care about … 
" the us is the largest donor of refugee relief . and the us resettles more refugees than any other country " 


rt authorities : 2 bomb attacks in 24 hours kill dozens , wound more than 120 others in … 


outrage over saudi death sentence for poet 
outrage over saudi death sentence for poet on blasphemy charges 
imagine being sentenced to death for writing poetry that offends the " religious police " 
no one should die for this ! sign a petition or go to website to find information on other solutions ! 
how do you expect people to look with open mind with such actions ? show 

spider causes man to trash flat , scream death threats -- police called 
' really big ' spider causes freakout 
australian police accuse man of violence -- spider dead - 
spider freaks out man - police called 
it was a really big spider .... 
oh man ... who does this sound like ?! 󾌴󾌴󾌴 
why do i feel like this was one my my sissy boy subs : spider causes man to trash flat -- police called 
i deem this not to be an overreaction to a on the loose when you live is real , y'all . 
taking a break from the non-syrian domestic terrorism news to enjoy possibly the finest cnn article ever written 
this is fuckin hilarious 
this made me literally lol 
this is for you , and enjoy . 
the spiders are so big in even the natives lose their shit when they see them :) 
" i'm gonna kill you " threat & sound of a woman screaming were from an australian man scared by a " really big " spider 
looking for an excuse for domestic abuse once the cops arrive ? 
rt “ what about the women screaming ? " " yeah sorry that was me , " he said . " i really , really hate spiders . ” 
join the crowd . 
omg lmfao 
has ned flanders moved to oz ? " spider elicits domestic violence call in australia " 
giant causes man to trash flat , scream death threats -- police called 
domestic incident ? nope -- a man screaming at a " very big " spider . by 
finally !! found a news story that is 100% accurate and its from liberal cnn ! 
i had a good laugh at this but i'd probably do the same ... wonder what " rather large " actually means ? 
perfectly acceptable if you ask me >> australian police accuse man of violence . 
reports of death threats & a woman's screams .. truth turned out to be hilarious .. 


mr. ( will ) smith goes to washington ? 
" america is the only place on earth that i could exist , " - will smith 
future candidate ? 


why kindness matters even more after thanksgiving 
why & empathy are essential , year-round & not just during the by 
rt rt why kindness matters even more after thanksgiving and christmas : 
kindness should not only matter just during the holidays , kindness should matter all year long ..... dennis lee 
why kindness matters even more after the holidays - 
why kindness matters after thanksgiving 
our executive director mentioned in a blog about kindness . :) 
dope mention by in his new blog . humbled for real 
it is in the simplest acts of kindness that we contribute toward the healing of our planet : 
absolutely beautiful blog by kevin powell on kindness . 
why matters even more after thanksgiving and christmas 

don't ' scapegoat ' syrian refugees , catholic bishops and evangelicals say 
✒don't ' scapegoat ' catholic bishops and evangelicals say 
the moral argument ! don't ' scapegoat ' bishops and say 
rt religious leaders urge the u.s. not to halt the resettlement of syrian refugees … 

worldwide travel alert ... 
sate department issues world-wide alert . 
ignoring god that's why ... 
state department issues worldwide travel alert 
flying tomorrow ! wishing safe travels to all . rt state department issues worldwide alert 
state department issues worldwide alert via 
rt is so lame and weak . tells us that is contained , then our own state department issues this warning … 
rt gg wildcard daily headline : cnn " usa issues worldwide travel alert " 
rt . " ... avoid large crowds or crowded places " over the holidays . will your family be changing any plans ? https … 
i'm not worried about isis killing me or hurting my children . i'm worried about this home grown terrorism right ... 
from ruining global travel for all . state dept . issues worldwide travel alert 
state dept travel alert is more about govt expression of power than keeping us safe 
be safe ! 
probably safe to say they have solid reasons for doing this . keep your heads on a swivel travelers . 
travels alerts to who is travelling during the holiday season . 
well this is fun considering im going to paris and england in january 
more info 


" i don't believe that photojournalism is a very important job , " says photojournalist eros 
new online miniseries " conflict " explores role of photojournalists in conflict zones 
must-see online film series " conflict " follows war photographers , probes the depths of politics , meaning , violence : 
can a photograph change the world ? 
can a change the world ? one of the issues debated in online miniseries " conflict 
such an incredible series about conflict photographers . watch this ! 
can a photo change the world ? 
" the world really doesn't want to be changed . it's going to work on its own time cycle " 
talk to me . 

rt thousands of airport workers across the u.s. are going on strike tonight via … 

rt global terrorism is on the rise , obama has no strategy to combat it : 
rt deaths from global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , according to a new report . … 
we are finished ! 
boko haram overtakes isis as world's deadliest terror group , report says 
rt think the enemy has been " contained ? " think again . this new report says otherwise . 
global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , says report - 

vizeat : europe's ' social dining network ' meets american 
vizeat : europe's ' meets american - 
' social dining network ' meets us thanksgiving 
' social dining network ' meets american thanksgiving - 
not surprised that my friend's mom was interviewed about carribean/french her food is so good !! 

why no mention of this today ? just attacking gop again , as usual . 
obama takes harsh political rhetoric abroad 

' is this 
' is this wwiii ? ' 
history students : i really hope her opinion isn't true , but the conflict in " syria " can be a wwi style " powder keg " 
" the term ' world war ' obviously conjures the two great conflicts of the 20th century . a striking parallel this ... 
the parallels to wwi are striking- a complex interconnected web of alliances and subversive goals 
frida gritis . yo analogy anachronistic . there is no ww3 here . russian can hit turkey & nato wld be insane to butt in 
i believe this is a wwiii for the simple fact isis wants to turn the entire world into it's caliphate just as the ... 
' is this world war iii ? ' 
what news could possibly arrive to justify our dse's forecast for dow 5000 in the next 5 years ? 
oh boy . happy thanksgiving ? 
" a striking parallel this time is the reluctance ... the public wish to stay out , to say , " this is not our fight . "" 
it could become it without much difficulty at this point , admittedly . read : 
god bless all 
says this is wwiii , but climate still more important . lol ! 
scary times ... 

2 flights from us to paris diverted because of bomb threats - cnn : 


rt deaths from global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , according to a new report . 

new front line against isis 
" if you murder one person , it is as if you killed all humanity " 
new front line against this is the fault 
the new front line against isis 
we need more people like this man 
a step in the right direction . 
new front line against the classroom 
values class being taught in an anti-radicalization effort . we need this . 
children as young as 9 and 10 are being exposed to jihadist thought and the isis worldview 
" if you murder one person , it's as if you killed all of humanity . " 

have you purchased chicken salad from costco ? might want to check out this article just to be safe ! 
e . coli infections linked to costco chicken salad 
e . coli costco update : celery id'd in infections linked to chicken salad 
it has been confirmed by health investigators that a handful of new e . coli breakouts have been linked to a ... 
just for your f.y.i. 
another e . coli linked recall . why not try this easy friendly chicken salad recipe .... 
e . coli infecting the chicken salad at costco ! 
e . coli infections linked to chicken salad 
e . coli linked to costco chicken salad 
$cost down after hours & looks to continue to be bearish on e-coli scare recently $cmg went down 10% too 
e . coli linked to costco servings 
yoooooooooooo pay attention 
rt e . coli infections in co , mt , ut & wa linked to costco chicken salad 
make your own damn chicken salad . 
e . coli infections linked to salad 
rt benphilipson1 e . coli infections linked to salad 
rt chicken salad from costco linked to e . coli . but $cost didn't tank like $cmg did . chipotle bouncing back by the way . http … 


new u.s. intel bulletin provides details of paris attack plans 
there was tactical planning with the paris attacks . we need to say goodbye to the hate . 
paris attackers did reconnaissance and used some military tactics . not surprising . 
intel : paris attackers cased targets 
new us intelligence bulletin says paris attackers conducted prior surveillance of some locations attacked , showed ... 


young muslim writes defiant letter to 
young muslim's defiant letter to trump 
trump hasn't got the guts or integrity to honestly answer this women ! 
impressive . 
young muslim writes defiant letter to donald she can write whatever she wants her religion is not peaceful 
young muslim writes defiant letter denounce your kin and keep your head and virginity and we might listen🇺🇸 
the ever changing kaleidoscope of islam .. we are over it🇺🇸 
young muslim writes defiant letter trump when the world hates you because of what your own people do suck it up 
young writes letter to about trumps outlandish and irrational policy toward muslim americans 

bernie sanders sets socialism speech date to compete with hillary clinton 
cnn politics sen. bernie sanders ' long-awaited speech on democratic socialism has been s … 

rt 129 people died in these are the names of the victims we know so far : … 


protesters to march again friday to ask feds to probe chicago police after teen's killing 
demonstrators want federal probe of mcdonald killing - 
rt kourtneydaqueen : rt firegod6371 : demonstrators want federal probe of mcdonald killing … 
protesters to march in chicago on friday and ask feds to probe mcdonald killing 
protesters target 
laquan mcdonald's killing : black leaders seek fed probe - 
rt protesters to march in chicago on friday-ask feds to probe killing i thought the feds w … 
protesters to march in chicago on friday and ask feds to probe killing 

dear santa : ' please catch the man who shot me ' 
dear santa : ' catch my attackers ' - - 


rt how they started , what they want . how shook the world airs tonight … 

new footage shows warplane crashing in syria 
new video of downed jet amazing 
new footage shows warplane crashing in syria - cnn video 
shows jet crashing 
cnn : russian plane violated turkey airspace 10 times ... warned ... pilot ejected . 
putin calls plane's downing by turkey ' stab in the back ' one of the world's most volatile regions was roiled ... 
rt clancyreports : cnn : russian plane violated turkey airspace 10 times ... warned ... pilot ejected . 

never mind the " glaring " invasion , blame the french . cnn , you prove again , y'all are " the mainstream problem " 


candidates , politicians serve up thanksgiving wishes and favorite dishes 
rt candidates , pols serve up thanksgiving wishes ( and favorite dishes ) - cnn 
rt cnnpolitics : candidates , politicians serve up thanksgiving wishes and favorite dishes … 

. taps into deep republican anger at government 
rt poll : here's how angry the gop is at government via 
rt pew : americans have never been this angry . anger is good . anger is necessary . only through anger comes change . https://… 
poll : here's how angry the gop is why should this surprise anyone with 
overwhelming majority of americans ( 72% of democrats & 89% of republicans ) don't trust da gummint 
so dems are content with status quo in/out of u.s. ? it's just republicans who recognize downward spiral for america ? 
taps into deep anger at govt . how is that new news ? unlike who might actually vote4 him😯 

shoppers descend on black friday deals 
rt americans don't need terrorists to destroy them . they're doing a fine job at it themselves . https : … 
this is why i refuse to participate in black friday . 
in light of this , trump makes sense . 
wouldn't you love it if people spent the day trampling one another and fighting over stuff to commemorate your ... 
" black friday shoppers spent what ? " 
every year i see this : and am reminded that humanity is lost . it really , really is . 
average american spent $369 on your hand if you spent mine because i only spent 5.99 . 
2015 brawls : 
black friday shoppers spend what ? 
continued ! via 
stampedes at stores . fights . yelling . our us culture has reached a dark place . via 
new reports say black friday shoppers spend how much ?? 
i don't buy it : all of the gop presidential candidates , said , we are being smothered , under regulations ! sounds ... 
who needs wwe when you have via 
absolutely love that put black friday brawl footage to music . giving a run for its $$$ 
check out this story from cnn money 
the dark horse of black friday sales ? pie face game , which , yes , throws pie in your face 
black friday madness turns violent via 
welcome to black friday match haha ! via 
shoppers descend on deals : 
the best black friday brawls of 2015 ----> 
so who covered themselves in pigs blood so they could slip through the queue's during ? 
black friday is basically the purge right ? 
shoppers fighting on black friday in the us 
rt shoppers descend on deals : 
black friday shoppers spent how much ?? wow , 
nothing material is more important than our integrity , connection , and love . when we lose sight of that , we have ... 
black friday - g g mate 
cnn : shoppers descend on deals . cnn has the . via 
be safe everyone ! " madness turns violent " via 
good job shoppers . you've managed to outdo yourselves this year again and set a whole new low : 
amazing black friday ! 
" where your treasure is , there will your heart also be . " - jesus 

rt . slams gop for suggesting that refugees coming from syria pose a security threat … 


obama : no ' specific and credible threat ' to u.s. 
obama's national security message - 
. no " specific and credible threat " to u.s. ahead of thanksgiving via 
nothing like reassurance from the top . 
tell the turkeys that ! 

rt arrest made in connection with chicago shooting death of 9-year-old tyshawn lee . 
rt chicago police : 3 suspected in 9-year-old tyshawn lee's killing ; 2 in custody , 1 sought . … 
arrest in gang killing of 9-year-old 
race and reality in america ? this is what is laser etched in the retinas of those without colour . 
thug charged with murder in ' assassination ' of tyshawn lee , 9 
man charged with murder in ' assassination ' of tyshawn lee , 9 
blm : " they take the white terrorist alive but not blk suspects ! " ignore typicality of this case suspect alive : 
arrest made in shooting death of 9-year-old tyshawn lee - 
arrest in gang killing of 9-year-old . praying for tyshawn's family . 
man charged w murder in ' assassination ' of tyshawn lee , 9 real men don't shot children . + , assassinate = murder 
against backed candidates if you care more for saving a life than taken a life . 
when will it stop ! 
when will inocent ? just curious why its always criminals who get to be the martyrs for groups ... 
i hope you burn in hell 3 :) ' s for this 
man charged with murder of tyshawn lee . hope mccarthy can ' destroy ' this madness ! 
rt it would be great if we could also focus on how we got to the point where adults settle " beefs " by killing 9 yr olds ht … 
arrest in killing of tyshawn lee where is black lives matter for this one 
our children need our protection by any means necessary ! 
too bad not all to all black people ... killing a 9yr old over " his family's " affiliation ... death ... 
disgusting big gang bangers , pathetic morons , poor child never had a chance to live or love . rot in hell 
thank god they have this peiece of trash off the street : 
stop the race baiting with comparisons . these 3 lived . 
bullshit these guys lived 
the guys who assisted a 9yr old lived . 
white killer lives black kid dies always huh ? and this ? 
explain how these guys are alive then . ' assassination ' of tyshawn lee , 9 
ya how come these guys lived ? assassination ' of tyshawn lee , 9 
comparing and killer . i will leave this here . his killers are alive !!! 
stoops to new low . rip 
a member of a gang has been arrested for killing a nine-year-old boy . 

donald trump suggests obama is a " secret muslim " 
of course , bc he's been so inclusive so far ! boasts he would be ' unifier ' - - 
rt amid controversies , boasts that he would be a " unifier " via … 
amid controversies , trump boasts he would be ' unifier ' 
trump is now asking people to inform on their neighbors . 
trump urges rally attendees to call the cops on their neighbors if they see something suspicious 
pmarca : rt maggienyt : trump urges rally attendees to call the cops on their neighbors if they see something suspic … 
" people move into a house a block down the road , you know who's going in . you can see and you report them ... " -trump 
those trump quotes are from a speech today in south carolina . also repeated the muslims celebrating 9/11 story . 
finally , a partial trump truth . he will will unify - by viciously suppressing dissent . 
this just in : a middle aged , white , male member of the 1% thinks he can unify the country 
" when fascism comes to america , it will be wrapped in the flag and carrying a cross . " 

tracing my grandfather's journey into hell 
tracing my british grandfather's journey into hell as of 


and this ... 
pope faces challenge in uganda , where gays are under attack 
pope faces challenge in uganda , where gays under attack - 
" i don't believe in lukewarm . " pope in where gays are under attack 
pope visits uganda as gays are under attack 

2016 candidates buy in on and cyber monday to fundraise via 
2016 candidates take advantage of this chance to fundraise ! 
marco rubio r florida emailed his supporters friday alerting them to 
isn’t just for stores — 2016 candidates are looking to cash in , too : 
2016 candidates buy in on cyber monday to fundraise 
presidential candidates are looking to take advantage of the mentality , by | 
isn’t just about tvs — 2016 candidates are looking to cash in , too : 
2016 candidates get in on cyber monday to fundraise 
most candidates have opted for black friday instead 

rt muslim us congressman should organize muslims to fight isis rather than pr that american muslims are patriotic : … 
keith ellison : community to ' assert muslim-americanness ' 

. says her use of the term " illegal immigrant " was a " poor choice of words " 
rt the democratic party allows language to be controlled by foreigners who break our laws : 
rt illegal alien advocate hillary clinton apologizes for using " illegal immigrant " dems are controlled b … 
rt " entering the country illegally has nothing whatsoever to do with being an illegal immigrant . " -- hillary clinton (?) https :/ … 


rt goes viral in honor of the french police dog who died in the raid … 

cheers ! ad nods to his bartender father via 
cheers ! marco rubio ad nods to bartender father 
cheers ! marcorubio ad nods to his bartender father via talk … 
really do not appreciate so much the almost rehearsed-nature of telling family stories that serve as inspiration . 
cheers ! rubio ad nods to bartender father - cnn 
. nods to his bartender father in latest ad via 
rubio spotlights bartender father in new biographical spot to air in early states : 


rt the husband of victim tells you can't make me hate 

africa's child brides expected to double by 2050 
and this too ... 
africa's child brides expected to top 310m 
will not let this double . is a for profit channel with the cause to stop 
since we all are the community of humanity , we are all responsible to protect the children in our worldwide ... 
by far , one of the most devastating and pressing futures facing countless oppressed young girls is child ... 
125 million child brides ? in a continent of 1 billion ? call my skeptical . 
heartbreaking article on child brides . girls should be allowed to be children . women should always have a choice . 
a new study says the total number of child bribes in africa will nearly double by 2050 . 
cnn : africans love to rape children , then marry them-percentage of attacks will double by 2050 
are there not enough legal adult age females in africa ? men are generally loathsome . i am a man . my remark is honest 
" he says the practice feeds into a cycle of poverty that could be broken by focusing on girls ' rights and education " 
africa's child brides expected to rise to 310m by 2050 
why educating young women is so important . 
africa's child brides expected to top 310m education is needed for changes . 
this practice feeds into a cycle of poverty that could be broken by focusing on girls ' rights and education . 

rt 5 shot near jamar clark protest 
people can't safely protest outside a precinct ?! 3 in custody after shooting near jamar clark protest in minneapolis 
rt 5 people shot near protest site in minneapolis 
3 in custody after shooting near jamar clark protest site - 
second man arrested in connection with shootings near minneapolis protest site . 
5 people shot near jamar clark protest site - 
rt last night , 5 protestors were shot in minneapolis . 
minneapolis police arrest a man in connection with shootings near monday's protests . 
3 in custody after shooting near protest site in 
man arrested in shooting near jamar clark protest site 
3in custody 
so how will we protect innocent americans from savage white males ? 
rt two arrests ( so far ) of suspects in last night's shootings : 
2 arrested in shooting near jamar clark protest ... 
updated 23 minutes ago - no mention of release of the hispanic . still looking for others . 
2 held in shooting at police protest 
no words .... 

reports : anne hathaway is pregnant 
you were quoted in a story by 
your tweet was quoted in an article by 

oil crash sparks opec revolt 
this is why gas prices are currently low . 
saudi's have gone mad . i swear . they're ready to cut their own nose to spite the face . all the shale producers ... 
icymi : the revolt inside of opec and how it got so divided . by 
rt icymi : the revolt inside of opec and how it got so divided . by … 
this analysis of what's happening among oil producers has all the ingredients of a fantastic epic fantasy novel . 
there's growing anger at saudi arabia for keeping oil prices low . opec's next mtg is dec 4 . via 
but i thought we could not drill our way to cheaper gas , right , president smartest man alive ?... 
rt lingering crash sparks revolt against … 
who struggles with a strong dollar ? via 
opec squabbles could bring oil prices even lower . shortfinancial.ca 
" opec has never been more divided , " said fadel gheit , an oppenheimer analyst via 
this is why your gas was so cheap today , and why clean energy will become less of a priority without legislation 
the chickens have come come to roost 
build the pipeline , drill oil wherever , just make us independent from middle east oil 
once again , us has asserted itself on the global economy . now for the crippling blow of leading 
president obama is bringing opec to its knees . 
imf : things are about to get worse for the middle east via 
good writeup on intra-opec squabbles 


jared fogle's wife has divorced him 
jared fogle's wife divorces him 
it took this long ?! 
jared fogle's wife divorces him poor guy . maybe if you weren't such a pervert ... molester 
rt jared fogle's wife divorces him 
wife has divorced him video 
fucking late , don't you think ? 
jesus , youngest paid a girl was 6yo , watch this video wow , listen to the video . sickening 
i'm trying to find out what was the bad news . 
wife has divorced him so , now that has happened ... 
so disgusting . 
gee i wonder why she asked for divorce 
prison , humiliation and now divorce for former sandwich pitchman , fogle -chris- ... 
that had a wife ?!? some people are so stupid ! 
when people hit their rock bottom , they often cannot understand the impact of their own consequences upon their ... 

in iowa , little breathing room for gop bottom-dwellers 
the view from iowa : only the four frontrunners can actually win . the folks working pizza ranch circuit ? got no shot . 
also new : our state of the race from iowa , where it's the national phenomena , not the iowa workhorses , who can win . 
in iowa , there is little breathing room for some of the gop field via 
harlan , iowa ( cnn ) - 10 weeks to go until the gop race here is barreling toward a four-way jumble ... 

rt second air france flight from u.s. to paris diverted . 



mortar attack on u.n. base in mali killed three people and injured 20 others , a u.n. spokesman says . 
mortar attack on u.n. base in mali killed three people and injured 20 others , a u.n. spokesman says . via 
rt cnnbrk : mortar attack on u.n. base in mali killed three people and injured 20 others , … 
three killed , 20 hurt in mortar attack on u.n. mission in mali 
where are these weapons and ammo coming from ? 
rt another u.n. mission comes under attack . peacekeepers among 3 killed in a mortar attack in mali … 
three killed in attack on u.n. mission in mali 

attempts to pick off planned parenthood shooter buzz on colorado police scanner 
here we go with the " if he was black , if he was white " b.s. ..... smh ... i'd rather know the motive then take him ... 
against backed candidates if you care more for saving a life than taken a life . 
shooting planned parenthood shooter permeates colorado police chatter 

somali pirates seize iranian , thai ships - 
pirates seize ships 

personal sensors : the first genuine must-have accessory ? 
personal size sensory products that test air & water quality & nutritional content of food . must-have accessories ? 
personal sensors : pollution reader could save lives 
a personal sensor that gauges the air around you . personal tech at a new level . 
the first genuine must-have accessory ? i might buy one . 
make sure you don't pollute your body with airborne hazards . has you informed ! 
the atmotube is a small sensor that analyzes measures the amount of air pollution around you . 
this is the best , worst idea ever ? beth ( and our newphew ) would love to know if their air is good- and hate to know 


black religious leaders criticize the group reportedly backing 
black leaders criticize trump group 
black religious leaders criticize trump group . 
trump = incendiary rhetoric . 
black religious leaders criticize group is delusional 
rt black religious leaders criticize black pastors supporting trump 

rt video shows nyc footage ; nypd says " no current or specific threat to the city " … 

trump : ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 
there's nothing too shameful for trump , is there ? he * saw * people jump from windows on 9/11 from 4 miles away 
trump mocks a reporter with disability . 
rt . claimed monday he watched people jump out of twin towers on 9/11 from his apartment 4 miles away : https://… 
rt donald trump claims ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 
very bad taste , trump . some of these were my friends : ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 
" i see jumpers from my house , katie " 
rt donald trump lol 
now this is silly : questioning whether actually saw people jump from wtc during 9-11 
imperfect 9/11 truth is still 100% true ! 
will every supporter who called out hillary and brian williams be outraged at this story ? probably not . 
" dr. carson does not stand behind the statement attributed to him . " no , not just attributed . he fucking said it . 
trump can't help himself from lying : ' many people jumped and i witnessed it ' on 9/11 
donald trump imagines he saw still more things that he couldn't possibly have ever seen ... 
you can't lie about this sort of thing . so disrespectful 
lying about a tragedy to get sympathy support , i'm baffled he has a following at all 
' either another fib or he has best eyesight in world . 
is never going to stop lying to the american people about trump : ' many people jumped and i witnessed on 9/11 
the known fascist is now seeing and hearing things that doesn't exist . 
trump doubles down on 9/11 claims 
doubles down on 9/11 comments 

jennifer willard just now · how long must this be " normal " to our society ? as long as we have this me me me ... 
man charged with murder in ' assassination ' of 9-year-old tyshawn lee 
care to comment ? it seems violence is universal . it should be about getting better not who's worse . 
this 9 year old's life didn't matter , blm ?! oh that's right , he wasn't killed by a white person . 
well according to cnn they did . i'm just annoyed by the silence surrounding his death . 
with 4,224 injured & 818 dead , why dont the chicago protesters swing by tyshawn lee & cory morgan's area & protest ? 
you're killing yourselves already 
how would you handle this if shooter were black ? where's the protest for 
you guys are complete farce . no protest for assassination of tyshawn lee ?? 😳 
tyshawn lee's life doesn't matter to you ? your chicago . 
is a godly man . like to know what were talking about when 
it is normal in dem run chicago but you don't care 
how did this dem voter get a gun and why did he kill this boy ? 
rt was barack obama ' deeply disturbed ' by this case ? no comments ? arrest made in shooting death of 9-year-old … 
why wasn't this " enough " ? 
this is the worst thing i have ever read in my life ... inner city street street gangs are at the apex of ... 
when will innocent ? just curious why its always criminals who get to be the martyrs for groups ... 
arrest made in shooting death of 9-year-old tyshawn lee 
a black man executed a 9 year old black child why not march that street , you d-bags 
do ? a black man executed a 9 year old black child . you dirtbags 
.. but link below is to a story going on at this moment that is endemic to chicago & many other cities 
do black lives only matter when whites take them ? 
man charged with murder in ' assassination ' of tyshawn lee , ... | 
arrest made in chicago shooting death of 9-year-old tyshawn lee - cnn 
arrest made 4 weeks after the shooting death of 9-year-old tyshawn lee in chicago . awesome 
someone , for example , explain to me how this isn't an act of terror : 
they're not ? oh wait , i forgot you're full of shit . carry on . 
arrest in killing of 9-year-old , tyshawn lee but nothing can bring him back . 
terrorist who executed a 9 year old is child in custody . chicago police rock ! now hang the thug ! 
where is your outrage here ? you and cannot be bothered to mention this 
so why aren't you protesting this ? is this a lie too ? 
dos they lie about this : ? 
rt arrest made in chicago shooting death of 9-year-old has more : … 
have them in chicago too 
so is killing children 
sure here's one for you 
so " rev " how do you explain this ? 
no this is terrorism 
this is what i called terror 
you mean extremist like this ? 
no just criminals 
are you guys gonna take care of this kid too 
wonder if this gang banger came through greece or just barry's home town 
this young man was assassinated but we want to protest the man shot by a cop ! 
good lord . heartbreaking and sick . is anyone marching in protest on behalf of this child ? if not , they should be . 
2 blacks arrested 4 murder of 9 yr old black . where were jesse jackson , blm protesters when tyshawn lee was killed ? 
tyshawn lee , rest in peace little man . may god avenge the trash who murdered you . now , who will protest for the ... 
rt chicago has declared war on the gangster disciples & black p stone gangs after the execution of a 9yo child : https : … 
meanwhile 9 yo was executed and ... no protests 

are cars in cities becoming a thing of the past ? 
are cars in cities a thing of the past ? 
car free cities closer than you think 
✌🏼️ plz update your article here w/the correct info . vehicle emissions don't even come close . 
will many cities around the world soon be car-free ? 
very interesting concept i think it could make a lot of sense . 
oslo pledges to become a ' car-free ' city by 2019 . love this ! 
are city dwellers finally ditching their cars ? 
pretty fascinating . oslo going car-free . wouldn't surprise me if that trend caught on in europe 
i would love to be able to be 

piecaken . 
this solves the either/or question ! 
get in my belly : the piecaken / what ! 😲 sharing w/ 
this was not present at my thanksgiving and i'm now mad about it ... 
what do you think ?! should we try it ? let us know ... 
why not both ? 
yumm 

rt an app called is the " hot new thing among jihadists " 

the collectible cars set to break records 
the blockbuster collectible cars set to break auction records 
let premier financial services assist you with your collection ! 
i thought of bidding on the ferrari but it didn't have enough cup holders 
this december : the cars set to smash auction records 
$32m ferrari set to smash records 
rarest of rare sports promise to break bank . this one's estimated at $28m : 
oh my 
would you pay $32m for a 1956 ferrari ? tip : racing legend and five-time world champion juan manuel fangio drove it . 
the 32 million dollar motor car 

new hampshire's ballot commission allows to run as democrat 
new hampshire ballot commission allows sanders to run as democrat 
sanders , trump ( and basically everyone else ) pass sniff test for nh ballot access . 


rt at least 31 killed , 72 hurt in bomb blast in nigerian city of yola , local red cross official says . 
rt police : suicide bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
police : bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
what's going on in nigeria is beyond sorrowful ; no word can actually described the lamentable situation that ... 
bomb blasts in yola and kano , nigeria , - 
two bomb attacks in 24 hours -- one of them involving an 11-year-old female bomber -- killed dozens of people and ... 
let's not forget .... police : bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
rt let's be sure to lift up the as fiercely as we lift up 
bomb blast kills dozens in nigerian city of yola - 
police : suicide bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market - cnn 
why do people keep posting that these horrors are not being reported by the major news media ... 
did you know about this ? world wide 
please pray for nigeria . 
after hearing about the 1-year old suicide bomber in nigeria , maybe should worry about kids ? 
where is the coverage of the bombings in nigerian cities that occurred this week ? they deserve help & prayers too ! 
rt police : bombers , one of them 11 , target market 




brutal beauty : the rich heritage that means these buildings must be saved | 
why brutalist architecture must be saved 
should this building be knocked down ? 
a sense of simplicity will be lost . 
- should these raw , stark buildings be saved or destroyed ? 
i love this stuff 
brutal british beauty : the rich heritage that means these buildings must be saved 
brutalist in the uk ( with slideshow ) 
my inner nerd ( well , really i am all nerd ) is so fascinated by this article . 

isis may b more dangerous than al qaeda 
oh and this ... 
isis may be more dangerous than al qaeda 
is isis more deadly than al qaeda ? 

so would these people : 
sunday mourning . take the time and remember them . 
in memoriam of a closer look at the lives of the victims : 
rt new poll finds 81% believe a u.s. terror attack is likely in the near future . … 

malaysia quickly becoming a leader in 
' s greatest 
greatest theme parks ... 
wow , maybe we should go on vacation here ! 
the world's best theme park destination ? 

may we have permission to feature your photo ? verify here : 
notice : webster_chris1 may we have permission to feature your photo ? verify he … 

richard dawkins compares texas ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed to isis killer 
richard dawkins draws criticism for ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed tweets 
dear internet , richard dawkins does not speak for all atheists . he is often an idiot . sincerely , 99% of atheists . 
the religious extremes in both directions struggle with foot-in-mouth disease , it seems . 
r . dawkins draws criticism for ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed tweets let's just say ahmed & isis good at extortion . 
richard dawkins ' ' clock boy ' tweets draw ire - this " bomb like clock " was not a school project ! 
atheist compares ' clock boy ' to isis 
why does this say athiest and not richard dawkins ? click bait .. atheist compares ‘ clock boy ’ to isis 
what a hard working journalist you are !! reading tweets to " manufacture " news . 
don't people have better things to do .. if the kid was deceitful , he's slimy especially bc he is so young .... 
rt oh hey look ! is embarassing the secular community again ! 
sounds like he's suggesting guilty until proven innocent draws criticism for ' clock boy ' ahmed moha … 
rt richard dawkins compares texas ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed to isis killer 
rt compares texas ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed to killer 
i am disgusted by bill maher & richard dawkins islamophobia : dawkins draws criticism for ' clock boy ' tweets 
richard dawkins has a point . if a skunk doesn't matter at what age that become stunk . 
dawkins criticism for ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed tweets it was a comparison w/a killer dawkins , you troll . 
richard dawkins compares ' clock boy ' to isis killer 
can u correct your article ? ahmed's ' project ' was never mistaken for a bomb . he was accused of making a hoax 
richard dawkins ' ' clock boy ' tweets draw ire - libs attack anyone who doesn't agree w/them 
celebrated athiest demonstrates that he can be ignorant and narrow minded even without religion . 
just dawkins with his typical reactionary thinking . 
ok internet i'm going to go have a shower nobody storify me while i'm gone ok ? ( near the bottom . don't read it . ) 
did you see this ? 
scientist compares ' clock boy ' to isis killer 
richard dawkins had been right all along . 
once again , the left attacks dawkins w/ charges of racism even though he nails it : 
richard dawkins just went off on " clock boy " & nails it : 
was a voice that helped me realize i'm an atheist . now i just want to distance myself from him 
richard dawkins is an awful human 
vist- dawkins compares texas ' clock boy ' ahmed mohamed to isis killer - cnn 
should stop tweeting before he completely destroys his professional reputation . pretty sad . 
new atheists are an embarrassment . i hate that they support they tarnish our cause 
he's entitled to his opinion . i was appalled that they were suing for 15 million . greed plain and simple . 
rt this flap shows just how really bad liberals are at analogies . issue is what " boys " can do https … 

keeping out of hands 
blackphone vows to keep its ultra-private phone out of terrorists 
keeping blackphone out of terrorists ' hands 
blackphone vows to keep its ultra-private phone out of terrorists ' hands november 24 - cnnmoney 
blackphone vows to keep its ultra-private phone out of terrorists ' hands via 
blackphone vows to keep its ultra-private phone out of terrorists ' hands - cnnmoney 
was designed to keep hackers/spies from snooping . it's attracting 
blackphone : we'll keep phone out of terrorists ' hands 
" vows " is too strong a word for controlling where tech ends up ... blackphone vows to keep its phone ... 


top story : cnngo see more 
story of the day : cnngo see more 
rt ewrmadrid top story : ewrmadrid practice cnngo see more 
top story : practice cnngo see more 
making a last-minute statement on national security right now - 
top story de - cnngo see more 
with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
rt with raymond top news item - cnngo see more 
top story : with raymond cnngo see more 
top story : info & news cnngo see more 

u2 will ' put on our best ' for rescheduled paris concert 
u2 back in paris the first weekend of december -- hbo concert rescheduled for dec . 7 : 

rt rugby legend jonah lomu , a former star , has died at age 40 in new zealand … 

" you don't die for a few weeks and then come back to normal . " correct that didn't happen . neither did the thing 
i went to the other side 
" ( god said ) you're room ain't ready . " i love a god who prepares a room for us . 
rt i went to the other side 
tracy morgan says god told him , " your room ain't ready . " by 
tracy morgan ' went to other side ' 
tracy morgan on coma : ' i went to the other side ' - 
comedian confirms god , is very real 
holidays are now finally upon us and so are stories about miracles ! here is one to read about tracy morgan ! 
- thanks for sharing tracy ! very inspirational : 
tracy morgan : ' i went to the other side ' 
" hello from the other side ... " 
tracy morgan had a near-death experience . i have heard similar stories from other people and experienced ... 
good look ! your interview with got picked up by cuz ! 

sign me up -- space technology meets aviation : the hypersonic revolution 
space tech meets aviation : the hypersonic revolution 
meets the hypersonic via 
spaceliner concept jet could fly at mach 25 
tech meets aviation : the hypersonic revolution . ( via cnn ) 
that would be amazing ! 
tech meets the revolution 
spaceliner may revolutionize travel . . . crazeeee 
the only way to go . 
london to melbourne in 90 minutes 
eco-friendly mach25 ( 25x speed of sound ) speed flights ?!? yes , please !! 
wow ! so cool ! wheeeee --- poof --- your there . 
london to australia in 90min .. 30 yrs from now rt meets aviation : the hypersonic revolution 
paris to san francisco in less than an hour ? 
jet flies london-sydney in 90 minutes 

captain lived and died with the sea 
rt captain lived and died with the sea 


is the country's most powerful supercomputer via 
rt is the country's most powerful supercomputer via 
rt most powerful supercomputer titan is being pushed to untangle the world's deepest mysteries . … 
this is the country's most powerful supercomputer - cnnmoney 
wow it's amazing how tech . like supercomputers has enabled us to unlock so much info 
cool , but it would never fit in your pocket 
" meet america's most powerful supercomputer " via 
rt with 20,000 trillion calculations per second , titan is the usa's most powerful via 



5 things we learned from inside the u.s. intelligence war 
5 things we learned from inside the u.s. intelligence war v … 
5 things from inside the u.s. war - 
nsa tells cnn : " sometimes with a lot of work there is ” a way around encryption yeah , this : 
5 things from inside the u.s. intelligence war 
5 things from inside the us intel war > interesting read , nros remote sensing & virtual reality tech 
u.s. has satellites that ' sense ' 
5 things from the war- 
this is why national security funding is needed 
you heard it on cnn . nation's top spy , whose name is james , drinks a martini every day . serious findings here : 
5 things we learned from inside the us intelligence war - cnn international 
i'm glad i don't know what goes on behind the scenes in the intelligence community but this article is fascinating . 


rt there's no data supporting the so-called " effect , " says u.s. attorney general … 

rt see how this father explains to his young son : 
rt father explains to his young son & the video goes viral . see why : … 

dear lord thank goodness i didn't go shopping - the best ( or worst ) brawls of black friday 2015 via 
here's why black friday lines could be even worse this year 
why black friday lines could be even worse this year . is this really a thing ? 
black friday lines : worse this year ? 
why black friday lines could be even worse this year . via 
why black friday lines could be even worse this year - cnnmoney 
why lines could be even worse this year via 
why lines could be even worse this year november 24 - cnnmoney 
why black friday lines could be worse this year 

photos from the end of the earth 
one day :)) 
these photos took 2 years to take 
takes you to the end of the earth : by 
11 of - the end of the earth 
check out these stunning images from a place less travelled , antarctica . 
seals are everywhere ... kind of like psp 
gorgeous photos from antarctic including penguins seals glaciers and much more 
gorgeous from including and much more 


obama slams republicans over refugee stance 
bho slams repubs for stance on refugees sympathizes with terrorists 

st. louis rams player shot in head 
st. louis rams player stedman bailey hospitalized . 
st. louis rams wide receiver stedman bailey shot while sitting in car 
rams ' wide receiver stedman bailey hospitalized - 
stedman bailey , rams ' wide receiver , shot in miami area - 
st. louis rams/former wvu wide receiver stedman bailey shot while sitting in car 
rams ' stedman bailey shot while sitting in car 
a professional athlete is shot twice in his head ... while sitting in a car ? 
stedman bailey of the was shot in miami , florida , by | 
stedman bailey , rams ' wide receiver , shot in miami gardens - 
cnn : st. louis wide receiver shot while sitting in car , police say 
dear america - you built this congrats . 
st. louis rams wide receiver shot while sitting in car . 
wr , stedman baiey , in critical condition after being shot in the head tuesday night in miami . 
stedman bailey , rams ' wide receiver , shot in head 
report : st. louis rams wide receiver stedman bailey shot in head 
every single time , each child , each boy/girl , man/woman , infant and now a la ram 
stedman bailey was shot . 
. wr in critical condition after being shot in the head tues night . covering . 
you always hate to see stories like this . 
rt our thoughts and prayers go out to the bailey family . st. louis rams wide receiver stedman bailey shot in head htt … 
thoughts & prayers : st. louis rams wide receiver stedman bailey shot in head 

u.s. sanctions russians and syrians assisting the assad regime 
u.s. sanctions russians , syrians assisting assad regime 
us sanctions russians and syrians assisting the assad regime via 

faced 20 - 
out of those 20 complaints of accessive force , do we know if any of those incidents involved non blacks ?... 
0fc j van dyke should have been a felon an excessive force lawsuit won by edward nance in 2007 
chicago officer had history of complaints - 
rt chicago officer had history of complaints 
read this it states that 8,500 of chicagos 12,000 officers have misconduct charges against them ... 
had history of complaints before shooting 
chicago police officer had history of complaints 
disgusting . the cop who murdered had history of complaints 
i'll sit here and act all surprised that the cop who gunned down laquan mcdonald had a long history of complaints . 
why is it that a bad cop's record doesn't come into question until he/she kills ? 
chicago cop's checkered past 
this cop is a jerk and his attorney is even a bigger one . why was he the only one that fired upon the victim ?... 
shocking no one , the criminal who murdered a child in chicago had committing crimes and escalating for years . 
a history of complaints 
why we need real accountability : who executed 20 prior complaints & 2 lawsuits 
had history of complaints before laquan mcdonald shooting 
cop's attorney justifies excessive gun use/killing ' cuz no taser was available . 
didn't expect to see a white c.p.o. murder a black man as soon as i was done writing my book makes me want to vomit 
faced many complaints before death . by 
at least 20 complaints filed against officer who killed group finds -- none resulted in discipline 
abusive cops almost always exhibit warning signs , but keep their jobs anyway . 
killer cops that are always cleared indicates a culture of evil . you cannot trust in that environment . 
holy smokes , this jason van dyke guy is a reeeeeal shithead . 


the nypd boosts its number of detectives tracking terror leads via & 
nypd boosts detectives to track terror leads 


great wall of china looks amazing in early snow 
beautiful ! 
of looks amazing in early snow 
great wall of china dazzles in early snow 
early envelops - 
early snowfall envelops china's great wall - 

customer due diligence is key for the regulator . 
fined $109 million for trying to hide ' the deal of the century ' via 
the u.k. financial conduct authority fined barclays £72 million ($109 million ) on thursda … 
the u.k. financial conduct authority fined barclays £72 million ($109 million ) on thursday for trashing its own ... 
barclays fined $109 million for trying to hide ' the deal of the century ' 
barclays fined record $109 million for hiding huge deal 
are fines really going to stop these kinds of things from happening ? i think it is time for jail sitting . 
for how long shall clients continue to pay for crimes of bank directors . barclays fined $109 million . via 
barclays fined $109 million for secret super rich deal this is like stealing $100 & paying $5 fine but keep the rest 
and tied to scheme ! barclays fined $109 million for secret super rich deal 
the fine is not enough . the business should be dissolved and the executives put in prison . 
fined record $109 million for hiding huge deal - do any of these fuckers ever end up in court 
by🇬🇧 trying to hide ' deal of the century ' 🔐📑🗄 
bank fined $109 million for secret super rich deal 
and how many bankers have gone to jail since 2008 ? zero ! barclays fined $109 million 

rt police : " serious plans for explosions " thwarted before germany vs netherlands soccer match … 


172 new york players lost more than $ 10,000 in games this year 
fanduel pushes back on new york ban : " only " 16 ny players have lost more than $ 50,000 via 
fanduel pushes back on new york ban : only 16 players have lost $ 50,000 - nov . 25 , 2015 
fanduel pushes back on new york ban : only 16 players have lost $ 50,000 via 


obama sings on coldplay's next album 
sings on next album 
he didn't do much better in his singing career than his management of our country . i hope he can find his niche 
all of these presidents really want to be singers and rappers smh 
coldplay says obama's singing voice will feature in a new song on album out friday 
about all he has . ' obama will feature on the band's forthcoming album , " a head full of dreams . "' 
in politics : bernie & killer mike do lunch coldplay ft barry o ? 
obama sings on next coldplay album 

germany arrests 2 in alleged plot 
. german police arrest 2 in plot to launch attack " against state security . " 
german police arrest two in berlin in plot to launch ' significant ' attack 
arrest 2 in in plot to launch ' significant ' attack 
yesterday , the army arrested 2 men for plotting " a significant criminal act against state security . " 
german police arrest two in ' significant ' attack plot - - 
still feeling safe ? 
german police foil berlin terror plot 
2 arrested due to plots against german state security . 


why some conservatives say trump talk is fascist 
trump's newest label 
why some conservatives say donald trump's talk is fascist 
rt mainstream wankers have decided to label trump a fascist , as if his followers give a shit . it's why they support him htt … 
maybe trump supporters are a typical of the secret side of racist white americans . the klan and white supremacist ... 
rt cnn fascism piece is why press creation of muslim registry issue and trump decision not to knock down so important . https://… 
. has been called lots of things — now a new label is surfacing 
rt a new label emerges for trump 
rt trump behavior that raises red flags for fascism scholars : ethnic stereotyping ; condoning violence ; bullying media … 
it's not even hyperbole . read : 
even conservatives are now coming to the conclusion that is basically a fascist . trump 




new book/cd combo from explores the sounds of their automobiles through the years : 
for porsche , the sounds of revving engines are a crucial design element 
inside porsche's raging collection of sounds 

travels to jordan to meet syrian refugees 
. is in jordan to meet with syrian refugees , his campaign says : 
ben carson travels to jordan to meet syrian refugees 
will going to a refugee camp really help ben carson ? i think he's still lost in the woods . 
travels to to meet 
ben carson traveled to jordan friday to meet syrian refugees , according to his campaign . 
where are all the other candidates including our dictator in chief ? respect for ben going over and taking a first ... 

two degrees : does climate change contribute to disease ? 
one of my former professors answers a question for at cnn . 
two degrees : does contribute to via 
climate change has both direct & indirect effects on illness & disease , says uga prof of environmental health 
nice commentary by my uga colleague , does climate change contribute to disease ? 

rt hoverboards , those self-balancing scooters that don't actually hover , are now illegal in nyc … 

. and rapper a lethal combo via 
" and rapper a ' lethal ' combo " hell yeah they are . love them lyrics . 
sanders and rapper killer mike a ' lethal ' combo 
sanders & rapper killer mike a ' lethal ' combo ; lethal to clinton machine ! 
. berniesanders and rapper killermike a lethal combo via g … 
. berniesanders and rapper killermike a lethal combo via gre … 

rt this is diesel . she is a 7-year-old police dog french police say was killed in today's raid . … 

what network tv ratings would look like without the 
“ this fall , nfl football has accounted for 22% of total average viewership of the three networks . ” — 
here's what network tv ratings would look like without the via 
if the nfl vanished , total male 18-49 viewing of nbc/cbs/fox would drop 45% 
pats games are literally the only thing i make sure to watch live on tv , and i'm not the only one . via 
keeps broadcast networks afloat , terribly reliant on via 
icymi : broadcast network tv ratings w/nfl stripped out via 
rt . sportstvratings : never forget : broadcast network tv ratings w/nfl stripped out via . frankpallotta 
cnn’s " here's what tv ratings would look like without the nfl ” desperately needs an actual visual representation 
nfl football accounts for 22% of total average viewership of the 3 network ... 
frank pallotta tells us what network ratings would look like if nfl games were taken out . 
tv net ratings would be 22% lower if they didn't have the nfl . the value of live sports . 
what network tv ratings would look like without nfl 
here's what network ratings would look like without the 
here's what tv ratings would look like without the nfl via is live tv . you can't skip past ads 
q : what was most watched tv show ever among women ? a : super bowl 49 - the value of the nfl for network tv 

rt explosions heard in paris suburb , site of raid hunting for suspects in paris attacks . … 
rt french will use dna testing to determine if paris terror attack ringleader was in apartment raided by police … 
rt trucks full of heavily armed french soldiers in full military gear arrive at scene of saint-denis raids . 
rt 2 terrorist suspects dead in saint-denis : 1 shot by sniper , other blew herself up , french media reports . 
rt 3 suspected terrorists killed in raid in paris suburb of saint-denis , official tells cnn . 3 police officers hurt . … 
2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 
rt suspected ringleader of is target of massive police operation in paris suburb , afp says . 
rt french president hollande says he'll ask lawmakers to extend state of emergency by 3 months . … 
2 killed , 8 held after raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 
rt " it was a war zone . " one resident describes the raid . reports : … 

' lord , when is this going to end ? ' 
' lord , when is this going to end ? ' : chicago's search for answers after video 
in light of the recent protest in chicago , cnn caught up with me for a short interview for my opinion on the ... 
chicagoans hope laquan mcdonald's death can change a violent city 
here is a video of those protests in new york and chicago from throughout the night . 
chicago : ' lord , when is this going to end ? ' 
' lord , when is this going to end ? ' chicago seeks answer - 
obama once again weighing in and passing judgment & giving predjicial oppinion on a pending legal case . 
.... exactly how i feel 😢 
' lord , when is this going to end ? ' the " real " story is why was the kid running if he has nothing to hide !! 
so the cops excuse was he was still holding the knife ?? so shooting him 16 times with 7 officers around was ... 
for some chicago residents , of shooting magnifies all too familiar story 
for some chicago residents , video of shooting magnifies all too familiar story 
for some chicago residents , video of shooting magnifies all too familiar story this cop needs to be in prison 
cnn : for some residents - including - shooting video magnifies familiar story 
in chicago , video magnifies familiar story fpr some 

family of 11-year-old charged in girl's shooting death : he didn't pull trigger 
family of boy charged in death : he didn't pull trigger 
your kids cause your all drunks 
also said go make another handle teach white kids to share not kill each other 
too bad she didn't have a machine gun trailer trash drunks should be charged 
parents will be charged with negligence they had it handy and teaching kid likely how to kill blacks ! but oopsy 


how long can you safely eat thanksgiving leftovers ? know when it's time to toss them out : 
how long can you eat those 
answering the tough questions ! 
still have thanksgiving leftovers , but not sure if they are safe to eat ? check out this article : 
bet you were wondering about this right around now . :) 
don't keep your leftovers too long ! 
from our fb : still picking over thanksgiving leftovers ? make sure all that deliciousness is still safe to eat . … 
now that turkey day is over , read this guide to thanksgiving leftovers last 
you may have a lot of leftovers from thanksgiving . here's how long you should actually eat these foods for : 
we hope everyone enjoyed their thanksgiving and we know you're continuing to enjoy all those delicious leftovers !... 
how long can you feast on those thanksgiving leftovers ? reference this handy guide : 
today is for relaxing & maybe eating a little bit more . here's a guide to help manage your leftovers 
eggs are good two to three weeks after the date on the carton ? who knew ? 
thanksgiving leftovers : how long can you eat them ? - - 
how long can you eat those thanksgiving leftovers ? via 
leftovers are one of the best things about the holiday but how long before you should throw them out ? 
rt considering i'm the leftover-food queen of this article is perfect ! thanks , 
wondering how long you can eat those thanksgiving leftovers ? " eat-it or chuck-it " guide via 
rt here's the eat-it-or-chuck-it guide for the leftovers you'll have after thanksgiving : 
good to know 
eat it or chuck it ? how long will thanksgiving leftovers last ? 
rt thanksgiving leftovers : a guide to how long can you eat them 
just in case you were curious . happy thanksgiving ! 
how long can you those 

rt this is the real face of terrorism in the us . suspect captured , 3 killed 
rt the nature of terrorism in the us 3 dead , suspect captured … 
rt a law enforcement official confirms colorado springs attack suspect is robert lewis dear . … 
planned parenthood shooting suspect identified as robert lewis dear , 59 , a law enforcement official tells cnn . 
colorado planned parenthood shooting : 3 dead , suspect captured 
stop and think about this for a second . the supposed " planned parenthood shooter " , and supposed " right-wing ... 
rt garrett swasey , the 44-yr-old officer murdered in colorado springs was an elder in his church . cnn 
rt only pp calls colorado shooter what he is : a terrorist . cops and cnn call him suspect , gunman , perpetrator . https://… 
rt shooting : 3 dead , suspect captured . video : … 
we've got our own terrorists in this country ... people are so mentally disturbed for some reasons . why are they ... 
rt trump & congress hysterical over refugees , but america's biggest threat still is americans shooting each other … 
rt you're up : at least 3 officers were injured in the in colorado springs … 
rt he defended others lives with his own : 
colorado planned parenthood shooting : suspect captured - 
rt praying for those still involved in shootout in the clinic & for the cops trying to help in colorado springs https : … 
dear cs , what the fuck is wrong with you ? good thing you've got 
why is nobody raging about christian american terrorists ? 
just want to point out that this guy isn't muslim , middle eastern , syrian or a refugee . 
police : shootout with gunman at planned parenthood - 
rt shootout with gunman at planned parenthood - on the plus side , the shooter probably isn't a syrian refugee . … 
rt rightwing terrorist kills 3 at planned parenthood , including armed police officer . yes , armed person killed . … 
rt as if a man would launch an assault around planned parenthood for another reason … 
another terrible tragedy perpetrated by whack-job , domestic terrorist . 
right-wing christian religious colorado planned parenthood shooting : 3 killed - 
rt look what the & have gone and done now : ... 


the catholic church grows explosively in africa 
pope francis ' visit highlights explosive growth of catholic church in africa 
pope francis visits africa fuckers 
pope francis ' africa visit highlights church growth 


we know that when charlie sheen admitted that he is hiv-positive , bill had kittens 
charlie sheen says he is hiv-positive 
rt charlie sheen to " today " : i've paid millions to people who extorted me over hiv diagnosis . … 
rt charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . 

partners can now only look at him as a loose cannon , an unstable element in a combustible situation 
nato alliance under threat . read more . 
survived cold war , but downed russian jet provides biggest threat : 
nato survived cold war , but downed russian fighter provides biggest threat 
survived cold war , but downed jet provides biggest threat wonder why the double standard for 
and downed russian bomber is big threat 
biggest threat since cold war ? 
" erdogan's nato partners can now only look at him as a loose cannon , an unstable element " 
nato and putin : downed russian bomber is big threat - 
russian jet provides biggest threat hi 5 us military !! 
russian jet provides biggest threat what if was a us pilot , russia would not have a plane in the sky 
downed russian bomber threatens nato existence 
nato and putin : downed russian is big threat - 
i've long expected nato either to expand into middle east or collapse altogether . read : 
nato's biggest threat 
the rise of gog and megog . 
cnn is warmongering again . are we worried about putin or russia ? video coming up ! 
nato survived cold war , but .. the men in power today could not fill the shoes of those of wwii fame . 
not looking good 
downed jet is biggest threat 
nato can break up over russian threat .. … 
really messed up this time . should question their support of turkey and their radicals in syria . 
nato survived cold war downed russian jet provides threat , nato partners look at turkey's president as loose cannon 

it's all a misunderstanding 
ben carson : the most misunderstood candidate ? 
is the most misunderstood candidate ? via 
blunders & lies . time to exit stage left 
carson : it's all a misunderstanding - 
is realbencarson the most misunderstood candidate ? via maev … 
keeps digging the hole deeper and deeper ! 
compares syrian terrorists to mad dogs , not syrian refugees as contends 
problem is , the example given in this video is not difficult to understand , or controversial . it is an ... 
. the most misunderstood candidate ? no , it's clearly understood ... benny shouldn't be president . 
slipping in iowa & brain power . 
es , and , we are dumb clucks !!! 
-- is that misunderstood ? 
ben carson says we do not understand but his drop in the polls shows clearly we do . 
you can't keep blaming the media for misquoting you more time passes = showing how unqualified 
says he's misunderstood . literally . by 
how durable is the brand ? 

condemn attacks in 
say whatever you like . isis is islamic . muslims condemn attacks in paris 
rt 1.6 billion muslims & cnn found 3 to speak out against paris . wow cnn , you convinced me muslims oppose terrorism . https : … 
rt condemn attacks in 
atravelersnote : rt cnnimpact : condemn attacks in 


newborn found in nativity scene 
newborn found in nativity scene at n.y. churchgod bless the baby 
wow quite the story ! newborn found in nativity scene at n.y. church 
found in scene at new york 
when would have been the safer option . 
... when this woman who came in with this child , saw this crèche , this empty home , this home ... 
i know this is sick ... but i actually laughed at this . not the act , but the placement . 
some people are not even human !!! - newborn found in new york nativity scene 



' the shoes are marching for us ' 
i loved this ! 
climate change : ' the shoes are marching for us ' . cop22 is going to be too late . 
rt ' the shoes are marching for us ' 
want to follow but don't know where to start ? we're following this evening's entry 
follow my talented colleagues for updates : 
" the shoes are walking for us . " my take on the in paris . 
climate activists descend on paris for summit ; thousands of shoes displayed in silent march . 


dozens arrested in tunisian presidential guard bombing 
dozens arrested in tunisian bombing 
dozens arrested in presidential guard bombing | 

paul walker's father sues porsche 
i guess now james dean's family can join in . utter nonsense .... 
suing porsche for his sons negligence and reckless driving . this is america where we always blame someone else 
right . it was the car's fault . 
they say some safety features could have saved his life . . that's unfortunate 
if your first thought after paul walker's driving fail death is how to make money it , you may be related . 
sorry for your loss , but it's not porsche's fault . maybe your son should have obeyed the speed limit . they're ... 
paul walker's father sues over actor's death 
walker's dad sues porsche over death 

canada's miss world contestant anastasia lin : china's barred me 
miss world contestant : china's barred me 
china angers miss world 
discussion topic for next class ? 
china angers beauty queen 
- canada's miss world contestant barred me for speaking out on 
miss world contestant : china barred me 

turkey table politics 
talking politics at the thanksgiving table 
table 7 tips to beat the stuffing out of your - .... 
no talking points , we spoke to experts on rhetorical argument for t-giving debate strategy : 

nice cnn photo article on ' s thriller and rick baker's work ! 
behind the scenes of michael jackson's ' thriller ' - 
behind the scenes of perhaps the greatest music video of all time : 
cnn : behind the scenes of michael jacksons ' thriller 
behind the scenes of ' thriller ' 
behind the scenes of ' s via 

rt 33 isis members killed in airstrikes in past 3 days , monitoring group says . 
rt latest developments : what we know right now 

rt names released of officers involved in shooting ; latest updates : 

4 ways you might be displaying hidden bias in everyday life . 
4 ways we can display hidden biases in everyday life 
how some of our actions can reveal implicit biases 
a few ways you might be displaying implicit bias in everyday life , via 
here are four ways you might display hidden bias : 
4 ways blacks & whites might be displaying hidden bias in everyday life 
this is why we created ways you might be displaying hidden in everyday life by 
" do you have a ' gay friend' ? a ' black doctor' ? " " who are your three best friends ? " some thoughts on implicit bias : 
another important read on 
so if i don't want to live in a run down , crime ridden city i'm racist ? 
implicit bias tests - 
i know . you're not racist . but you're still susceptible to hidden bias . here's where you might find it in your life 
are you accidentally biased or prejudiced ? here are four questions to help you decide . 
check out dr. gallagher quoted in this cnn article on implicit racial bias 
great article by on in our everyday lives . 
4 ways your hidden biases show 
4 ways we can display hidden in everyday life 
this is what i coach people in , uncovering unconscious thoughts ... ways we display hidden bias in everyday life 
let's stop blaming and shaming and start learning how to mitigate unconscious bias 
4 ways we might display hidden biases in everyday life 
oh my god really published this about black bias to white ppl ? quit being part of the prob 
i'm guilty of exactly one of these . 
this article is actually on the homepage right now . timing = everything . 

why beef is the new suv ... 
love beef ? don't read this 
rt 14.5% of all pollution can be attributed to livestock . so ! http :/ … 
would you stop eating beef to save the planet ? 
food for thought literally 🌈🌻🐮 
why beef is killing the planet 

rt nasa says anomaly that sparked speculation about aliens was likely caused by comets . … 
space anomaly : aliens ? 
says space anomaly likely caused by comets 
rt . it's not an apg . 
nasa is attempting to debunk the idea that space anomaly was sign of ancient life , likely due to comets . 
yesss .. it was simply a swarm of comets ! no aliens at all ! 
nasa says space anomaly caused by comets 
weird we're to take the word of an " associate " professor on something so important as alien life . 
i told you nasa would try to cover up the alien mega structures with some corny stupid ass totally implausible phony … 
nasa-space anomaly likely comets - 
space anomaly or aliens 
comet busters |nasa estimates our galaxy alone ( milky way ) has a trillion planets ! 
nasa says space anomaly is probably caused by comets not by aliens 
space anomaly may be solved 
. made news for a research team found the space anomaly was caused by comets . 
space anomaly solved ? or is it 
" we may not know yet . that's what makes it so interesting " rt says anomaly likely caused by comets 
iowa state university : while i'm glad for science , i feel some type of way about this . perhaps a little salty ... 

whoops missed this article !! appreciate your insight on the podcast , thanks ! 
concussion protocols failed with rams quarterback whose head hit turf 
nfl : concussion protocols failed with rams quarterback whose head hit turf 
rt concussion protocols failed with rams quarterback whose head hit turf 
nfl concussion protocol fails nfl last weekend . more reform needed 
thank you for working on this . 
nfl : concussion protocol failed qb 
pretty sure the best way to diagnose a concussion isn't an independent 3rd party who doesn't know the athlete 
nfl : new concussion protocols fail with rams ' case keenum 
don't watch the nfl . 
nfl will now consider whether to impose " discipline " for future violations of new concussion protocols . 
don't get caught unprotected ! implement the premier concussion management program in the nation !... 
nfl : concussion protocols failed with quarterback whose head hit turf 

adele's ' 25 ' sells over 3 million copies in less than a week 
new album ' 25 ' has sold over 3 million copies . 🙌🏽😍 
another day , another unprecedented number . 3 million copies in less than a week . 
adele won't single-handedly save the music industry , but these numbers are encouraging nonetheless : 
rt frankpallotta : another day , another unprecedented adele number . 3 million copies in less than a week . … 

british pm david cameron argues in parliament for strikes on isis in syria - 
british pm david cameron argues in parliament for airstrikes in syria . 
pressure on isis builds : france , russia consult ; britain calls for airstrikes 
putin : assad's future should be in syrians ' hands 
british pm calls for strikes on isis in syria - 
future should be in hands 
pressure on isis builds : french , russian leaders confer - - 
assad's fate should be syrians ' decision 
putin : syrians should decide al-assad's fate -- 
rt putin : syrians should decide al-assad's fate which syrians ? the ones for assad after putin killed all rebels ? ht … 
uk pm david cameron urges strikes on isis in syria - 
wondering what the world is doing now about the isis crisis after the paris attacks ? check out this cnn link . 
cameron asks for strikes on isis 
uk prime minister urges on - 


rt the band are raising funds to fight bullying , and making one girl's dreams come true . … 
the band are raising funds to fight bullying , and making dreams come true . 
rock band supports bullied girl's dreams 
some feel good reading material about a new rock band while you sit on the couch hating yourself for eating too ... 
nanae munemasa , 17 , spoke to cnn about the rising rates among teens in foster the people want to ... 
nanae munemasa , you are to speak out . i'm you are still alive to tell your story to help other ... 
rt band supports bullied girl from japan 
foster the people is supporting a japanese teen who spoke out about bullying in japan . 

the future of 
in the wake of the paris attacks , took portraits of young people across the city : 
like this little glimpse of the faces of paris young people . 
" because they represent life . " portraits of the future -- the youth of 
" it was the youth of france who were targeted simply because they represent life , " french president francois ... 

7 things to know about the macy's parade 
macy's thanksgiving day parade : 7 things to know 
7 things you should know about the 
7 things you should know about the macy's day parade 
rt 7 things you should know about the macy's day parade 
amazing parade . 
fun facts about macy's thanksgiving day parade 
happy thanksgiving , may you enjoy your family today ! 󾌬 ❤ ️ 
did you know the was originally a christmas parade ? 
macy's parade : 7 things to know 
i have watched this parade every single year since i was a child . i will do it , god willing , til the day i die .... 
happy thanksgiving 🦃 
macy's thanksgiving day 7 things to know 
macy's day - 7 things to know - 
a light read on thanksgiving eve ... wishing you all a happy thanksgiving ! 
hope everyone has a safe and fun holiday ! what's your favorite day tradition ? 
7 things to know about parade ! via 
with the tomorrow , 7 things to know about the tradition : 

rt her story of survival was read by millions on facebook , now hear her horrific account from inside bataclan . … 
rt paris attack survivor details horrors inside concert hall - cnn international : cnn internationalparis attack s ... https : … 

rt french soccer fans find unity in english arms 

rescuing the last 
successful rescue of the the last from 
now the jewish agency calling me names " dangerous " and a " vigilante " assad and hezbollah calling me names 2 :) i ... 
this is worth a few minutes of your time . being jewish in syria and the effort to get them out . the ending is ... 
--- is is an asshole for tearing apart this family ? 
unite this family ! 
reza , did you hear this ? yigal palmor -- my new piece of shit . 
now those are lives worth saving . 
fascinating but why is it illegal to convert from in 
the last jew ! we forget that over 800,000 jews were forced from their homes in 1948 

rt a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess has been repeatedly vandalized : … 

katherine timpf of fox news gets death threats after bashing ' star wars ' 
don't mess with 
katherine timpf of fox news gets death threats after bashing ... <- this is why george lucas bowed out 
congrats on making cnn news :3 
didn't she realize that she was talking on fox news which has the highest concentration of unhinged whackadoos on ... 
pundit bashes ' star wars , ' gets threats 
i sense trolls going after in an attempt to make fans look bad . 
your tweet was quoted by 
satirist gets death threats for mocking " space nerd sticks . " by 
star wars is awesome , but not that awesome : katherine timpf of fox gets death threats after bashing ' star wars ' 
pundit's joke leads to death threats 

isis video threatens new york city - 
new isis video threatens france , italy , u.s. 
rt cnn is isis's de facto publicity arm . any time some fanatic in raqqa farts or coughs , cnn cranks up the fear factor . htt … 

rt the inconvenient truth : there's no easy military answer to war on via … 

cnn says you are dumb . not 81% in this but majority . 

suspect arrested in new orleans shooting caught on 
suspect arrested in new orleans shooting on video 
god is real . 
great ! congrats to new orleans p.d. for the quick arrest . 👍 
arrest in shooting caught on video 
i can't believe this poor black boy was arrested ! he dindu nuffin wrong ! 
the lesson in this story is that if you intervene , you must use maximum force to control the situation . 
remind me again why it's wrong to put down animals like this . suspect arrested in new orleans shooting 
dramatic video shows hero , peter gold , 25 , tulane univ . med-student being shot by thug in new orleans . gold survived 
check this out : 
this young man is a hero . he probably saved this woman's life . you rock 
video : robber's gun jams after shooting victim/good samaritan . 
there is a god . 

rt " jihadi john " associate arrested while on the way to deliver terror attack orders . 


today show : charlie reveals he is hiv positive 
charlie sheen discloses he is hiv positive on ' today ' show - cnnmoney 

can europe afford border controls ? 

did you see longer lines and waits at the airport this season ? 
thanksgiving : longer lines , tighter security 
be careful these holidays ! here's a glimpse of what you can expect if you're traveling . 
you can expect longer lines and tighter security this thanks to to recent terror attacks . 
travel ain't what it used to be : better safe than sorry , but so annoying : thanksgiving : longer lines & more security 
happy and , stay safe as you travel 
thanksgiving travel : longer lines and tighter security ! 
time to buckle up ! 💺 estimates 46.9 mil people & 3.6 mil to holiday destination 
planning to travel ? you are likely facing this . 
thanksgiving travel : longer lines and tight security - 
travel : longer lines and tighter security ( via 
thanksgiving longer lines and tighter security 
long lines , tight security for thanksgiving holiday travel 
holiday travel ? be prepared to wait ... 
for those of you flying this be prepared for longer lines & tighter security . 
interesting info & stats about from an est . 46.9 million w . travel over next few days . 
security and holiday travel ... plan on longer lines and extra time due to heightened security 
if you're traveling for make sure to read warning about long lines and tight security ! 
what to expect this thanksgiving 
traveling over expect longer lines and tighter 
are you planning to travel this holiday season ? get ready to wait in line ... 
note to self & others - pack extra patience . for travel : longer lines & tighter security 
heads up if you're traveling through the u.s. airports for thanksgiving ! 

french police dog dies in saint-denis raid - 
rt diesel 7-year old police dog dies in french raid in saint-denis . this 🐕 had more ❤ ️ than the terrorists http … 
rt “ if there are no dogs in heaven , then when i die i want to go where they went . ” 


rt cnn’s john sutter spends a day with a climate scientist ahead of the paris climate talks . … 
will induced climate changes become a weapon of war ??? 
change is a form of terror 
is a form of terror : yes , it's political bs just as 
summit : last chance to fight global warming ? 
climate change is a form of self inflicted terror 
an interesting look at climate change 
two degrees away from destruction of our civilization ! photo 4 million displaced 7000 killed 
climate change is real : 
great article on a guy who is running from norway to paris raising awareness of the importance of this year's ... 
the runner's purpose is not clearly explained in the video and the article is very broken up . 
please read this article . 
follow john sutter's climate reporting on instagram , fb & who knows where all ! lead story today !! 
is climate change a form of terror ? 
this can't be that complicated . demand change so that out . holden have a future . 
interesting take on climate change and terrorism 
" ... push millions more into poverty & put many plants and animals at risk of extinction . ” painting a bright future . 
this is the shit our kids hear in school . 
this is an interesting read 

rt . & i agree removing assad from power is best way to bring peace to syria https : … 
rt new twist on the annual " obama pardons turkey " story 
obama : turkey has the right to defend itself - 
obama : turkey has the right to defend itself and its airspace . comrades in islam ! blood brothers ! 
obama , turkey has right to defend airspace if greece did what turkey did ? 
. on downing of russian jet : turkey has the right to defend its airspace 
rt . russia is welcome to be part of the coalition but propping up assad is a problem https://… 
rt perhaps if there were actual declarations of war , there would be less confusion and more cooperation . … 
hell no obama , this is a bad call . shame . 
rt unbelievable ! obama defends turkey , blames putin over downing of russian fighter jet 
its so obvious .! : turkey has the right to defend itself and its airspace 

in the face of 
rt love in the face of racism 
love in the face of need or generations will have to deal with it again&again . 
this is a very good article 
racism is disgusting and even worse when it's towards children , but it's great to see that love has no color 
being an interracial family 
being an family 
remember , boy and girls ... this is in our so-called more sophisticated and enlightened post-racial 21st century ... 
a day in the life of interracial families 
this is 21st century , why would folks still perpetuates racism ? well , i'm neither surprised nor ignorant of that ... 
what . the . fuck . am i reading ? just a heads up , you know , in case you forgot . 
nasty caol burning scum bitches ! 
very interesting article to read about the reality of interracial relationships in the us . 


honduras detains 5 syrians over fake passports - 
rt honduras detains 5 syrian men traveling with fake passports . 
honduran police said they detained 5 syrian men who traveled with fake passports . 


comic sentenced for ' inciting hatred ' 
french comedian facing prison france's pos t-t errorist attack iq dropping . more attacks on free speech 
this comic is going to jail for using the n-word ... nazis 
a french comedian jailed for offensive speech . growing of americans believe that speech should be illegal here . 
french comic dieudonne sentenced for ' inciting hatred ' in show 
french comedian dieudonne sentenced for hate speech 
this man's ' hate speech ' needs to be protected : french comic dieudonne sentenced for ' inciting hatred ' in show 
king leopold magnificent mile isiscops 
i want your take on this --- controversial french comic sentenced for ' inciting hatred ' 
thanks to for the tip : dieudonne , of quenelle infamy , is off to prison 
mccarthyism and stasi state censorship all rolled into one . . . . 
this is totally insane and makes me glad i live in the us : 
don't know or care what he said , it's still wack ... french comic sentenced for ' inciting hatred ' in show 
charlie hebdo : cartoons incite hatred , receives awards . muslim comic : comedy incites hatred , receives prison term . 
just kind of saw this flit through my feed , but dieudonne ( the quenelle guy ) is going to prison 
controversial comic sentenced for ' inciting ' in show 
so he gets punished for saying something about jews , but charlie hebdo can insult 
don't take this country for granted . 
oy vey , never forget ! 
if it were up to most of these moronic 20 somethings on twitter , this would happen in america too ... 
paradise ! 
this is crazy . 

why blacks believe in the american dream more than whites 
raise in benefit & more than whites 
who believes in the american dream more ? - cnnmoney 
why believe in the more than - cnnmoney 
exclusive poll : blacks + hispanics believe in the american dream more than whites via 
why blacks , hispanics believe in american dream more than whites , despite worse financial woes great piece by 
so true 
blacks , hispanics dream big , earn less 
why blacks believe in the more than whites : via 
interesting given the current political climate : why blacks & latinos still believe in the dream via 
rt nowthised : exclusive cnn poll : blacks + hispanics believe in the american dream more than whites via luhby cnnm … 
cnnmoney : rt nowthised : exclusive cnn poll : blacks + hispanics believe in the american dream more than whites via … 
brookings institution senior fellow : blacks & hispanics more optimistic about the future than whites . 
why blacks believe in the more than whites : via lu … 
belief in the differs by & 
blacks believe in american dream more than whites 

too sad and too common . >> abused and in and out of foster homes , ' s tragic life 
abused and in and out of foster homes , laquan mcdonald's tragic life 
in death has many supporters , but in life he had few . read his lifetime of abuse & neglect : 
why did his mom get 5 million when she never took care of him 
laquan mcdonald was in pain and danger long before he encountered jason van dyke : 
heartbreaking : abused and in and out of foster homes , mcdonald's tragic life 
heartbreaking : abused and in and out of foster homes , mcdonald's tragic life cnn 
abused , in & out of foster care-many in laquan mcdonald's life failed him 
abused & in foster homes , " tragic life " his family treated him like a dog 
laquan mcdonald's short , tragic life 
rt tragic story for sure . it also angers me he was abused in own home . tough upbringing … 
chicago tragedy : reports details on very difficult life had in his childhood . heartbreaking . 
tragic story for sure . it also angers me he was abused in own home . tough upbringing for sure . 
rt no they don't , he was a ward of the state . abused in his own home when take … 
no they don't , he was a ward of the state . abused in his own home when taken way . 
why did chicago pd have to be sued before releasing the execution video ? 
chicago to paid $5m to mcdonald's mother , the one who abused & neglected him . she didn't even have to sue . 
obama should address child abuse & neglact of so many kids by their own relatives , as well as state foster homes . 
in 2000 , child welfare dept investigated alleged abuse of laquan happening in the foster home . 
laquan was hurt over and over from 3yrs old by those who were closest to him . 
a lot of people in this world fall through the cracks . there but for the grace of god ... 2 of 2 
sad read from about how was failed from day he was born until the day he died . 

rt social media rallies around charlie sheen after hiv announcement 

' kenya's ' pope holiday ' puts church and state too close for comfort ' 
' kenya's ' pope holiday ' puts church and state too close ' via 


davis cup final : great britain , belgium tied after first day . 
great britain , belgium tied after first day of davis cup final 
davis cup final : belgium on top after goffin rallies 

isn't the power of medicine wonderful ! great and uplifting article from cnn health . 
little girl has ' rare ' multi-organ transplant 
multi-organ transplants are rare and kyree's combination of transplants is even rarer : 
girl's rare multi-organ transplant 
you were quoted in an article by 
your tweet was quoted by 
your tweet was quoted in an article by 
over joyed , what a miracle . but also , need to keep the donor family in our thoughts and prayers . 💕 
praying for kyree ❤ ️ ❤ ️ 
god bless her and her donor's family - young girl has ' rare ' multi-organ transplant 

husband found guilty after posting corpse photo - facebook 
florida husband derek medina found guilty in death of wife jennifer alonso after posting photo on facebook 
found guilty of wife's murder after posting photo on facebook 
this piece of trash should have gone to ole sparky !!! 
facebook murder photo : husband found guilty in death - 
claims wife abused him- i heard this b4 man found guilty of wife's murder after posting photo on facebook 
" far , far too often this kind of domestic violence leads to injury and death . that's why we all must end all ... 
husband found guilty after posting corpse photo on facebook 
guilty verdict in facebook killing 
justice has been served 
what idiot posts a murder on facebook ? 
florida man who posted a photo of his dead wife's body on facebook was found guilty of murder . 
florida man found guilty of wife's murder after posting photo on 

what europe needs to do to solve refugee problem . again , this is a tweet for week 11/23-29 
what europe needs to solve the refugee crisis 
will europe choose to live in fear ? 
what europe needs to solve the human crisis - cnn international 
what europe really needs to solve the crisis , view by 
rt what europe really needs to solve the crisis , view by … 

rt . governors are " our last line of defense " against isis 

rt officials : u.s. airstrike in afghanistan mistakenly targeted hospital instead of nearby taliban site . 
" ... supposed to be targeting a nearby compound suspected of housing taliban gunmen , not the hospital . " 

10 groups trump offended since launching his campaign 
10 groups donald offended since launching his campaign 
10 groups donald trump offended since launching his campaign : 
are his rude comments again mexican americans not worth mentioning 
10 groups pathological loser donald trump offended since launching his campaign 
who has not insulted ? how is he still so high in the polls ? 
only 10 groups ? must be slacking . 
10 times donald trump insulted groups this fall - 
is an embarrassment to gop voters . here's 10 groups offended since launching his campaign . 
whatever your stance is politically , please ignore this man . he is a bully . he is ignorant . he is a bigot & a ... 
only 10 ? come on 
10 groups he who gold plates his shits has offended : 
joe biden offended the same 10 groups too . wont print that 
joe biden offended the same 10 groups too . but wont print that 
10 groups donald trump offended this fall 
has not offended 
dishonest reporting is classic thank god social media calls it out . 
u r a reporter . after clarifies illegal immigrants , reporting " immigrants " = lie 
how many groups people has offended since launching his campaign ? 10 ... so far . 
. going ballistic over this evidence-based story by cnn on 10 groups he has insulted this fall . 
srikes again > 10 groups offended since launching campaign 
the world we live in . someone's always being offended by someone . ridiculous ! get over it people . 
should be 11 groups trump insulted this fall . they forgot to list americans 
rt 10 groups offended since launching his campaign 
' s fall insults : women , muslims , asians , etc 

france : document shows fear of radical airport workers as early as 2004 
france : document shows fear of radicalized airport workers 
more trouble in france , document prove france has radicalized airport workers 

mexico is the 11th most competitive oil producer worldwide via 
what it costs to produce oil 
rt what it costs to produce oil via 
what it costs to produce oil - cnnmoney , costo venezolano $ 23 , 50 antes era 8-9 , qcep 

here's how you celebrate - 


' flash gordon ' 35 years later : where are they now ? 
' flash gordon ' actors : where are they now ? 
flash - a-ah - savior of the universe ! 
i used to love this flash gordon . :-) swoon ! :-) 
i have the soundtrack .... 
i still want to re-make this movie . rob-zombie can direct and tool can make the score . 
" hawkmen ! diiiiiiiiive !!! " 
flash ! oooold ! 
he'll save every one of us ! " flash gordon , " 35 years later 
flash gordon , 35 year anniversary . where is the cast now ? 

christie wins important endorsement in new hampshire // nh union leader ( newspaper ) endorses christie 
new hampshire union leader endorses 
rt nh union leader : " gov . christie is right for these dangerous times . " 
new hampshire union leader endorses via & 
rt the new hampshire union leader endorses for president 
you may have missed this if you were already at the club last night when news broke : backs christie 
rt new hampshire union leader endorse chris christie stick a fork in this turkey is he running for … 
don't call it a comeback ! 
really the only one qualified to take on isis gets a boost 
the one candidate who can crack the top 4 gets a big boost . 
new hampshire union leader endorses cair friendly chris christie - - 
lmao ! the union endorses christie . at first i asked ' what union ' . nothing but propaganda . 
christie gets big endorsement .... but do print media endorsements mean as much as they used to compared to ... 
rt jeddrosche : you may have missed this if you were already at the club last night w … 
christie gets much-needed boost same paper endorsed gingrich last time . 
often tells it like it isn't . inflammatory & wrong on the facts . 


markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane 
rt markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane 
markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane via uil team should follow this story ! 
markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane november 24 - cnnmoney 
markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane - cnnmoney 
markets retreat after shoots down warplane : via 
breaking news ! dip after shoots down via 
turkish markets dip after shooting-down of russian warplane via 
markets dip after russian warplane downed 
markets dip after shoots down russian warplane via 
markets retreat after shoots down warplane : via … 

body of russian pilot killed after his jet was shot down was handed over to turkish authorities , turkey's pm says . 
body of shot down russian pilot in custody of turkish authorities 
the world situation is becoming tenser . peace and development is the eternal theme which is benefit to the whole ... 
body of russian pilot in custody of turkish authorities - - 
pilot's body to be handed over 
body of pilot in custody of turkish authorities - 
body of russian pilot in custody of turkish authorities , says turkey's pm - cnn international 
of in of authorities 

isis says it's behind deadly shiite mosque attack in bangladesh 


19 ways that will change your life forever . 
19 ways travel can change your life 
19 ways can change your life 
this can make you sexier , richer , funnier 
" it's been said before , but it's worth repeating : travel is like a drug . the more we do it , the more we need to ... 
sexier , richer , funnier : 19 ways travel can change your 
to travel can make you sexier , richer , funnier . baaam ! 
makes you sexier , richer 
if and aren't enough 
this can make you sexier and richer 

new suspect in paris attacks 
officials : attack on paris financial district planned 
another attack could have been hours away 
2nd paris attack may have been foiled 
paris attacks : financial district may have been target - 
- paris attacks : more terror attacks by mastermind were hours away , on paris financial district 
officials : 2nd paris attack foiled 
french authorities say that another attack on the financial district of la defense could have been hours away 
paris attacks : financial district may have been a target 
secure options consulting llc 
paris attacks : alert issued for another suspect 
second paris attack on financial district could have been hours away 
apparently some folks will not stop until they are stopped . unfortunate . 


rt french president hollande invokes eu treaty , hoping to build coalition against isis 




we made it in the website ! awesome article with gareth herincx - thank you for a great story for 
the fastest place in the world 
the fastest place on earth 

8-year-old girl battling rare 
rt 8-year-old girl battling rare 
at the very least , let's all prayer for this little lady 
girl rare cancer 

rt the will be in the sky tonight : will you be watching ? share your images with 
mourning moon - 
as we premiere mourning sun , we welcome mourning moon via 
as the ' mourning moon ' rises , let things go - 
the will be in the sky tonight : will you be watching ? share your images with via 

stop blaming president obama for the dumb shit george bush and the republican party did that got us in this mess ... 
rt how did isis grow so fast ? see special tonight at 9pet cnn 

paris attacks ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud dead 
rt nine detained in belgium raids connected to probe , belgian authorities say . … 
rt more : abdelhamid abaaoud killed in saint-denis raid , id'd by fingerprints , officials say . … 
rt source : search for paris attacks suspect salah abdeslam extended to the netherlands . 
rt ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud linked to 4 foiled attacks since spring , french interior minister says . … 
rt suspected paris attacks ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud is dead , french authorities say . … 
rt abaaoud is killed , but his network is still at large 


new charlie hebdo defiant cover : ' screw ' the terrorists 

rt . on " is a joke " 

fifa : soccer governing body donates watches worth $1.4 m to charity really great👍👍👍👍 
scandal ! how 48 luxury watches became $1.4 m donation 
fifa : soccer governing body donates watches worth $1.4 m to charity - cnn 
fifa donates $1.4 m worth of watches to charity 
new fifa donates $1.4 m worth of watc ... 
wine 
danby fifa donates $1.4 m worth of wat ... 
dell fifa donates $1.4 m worth o ... 
hero4 fifa donates $1.4 m worth of w ... 
fifa : charity given watches worth $1.4 m by soccer body 

tune in tonight at 9p et for a from - targeting terror : inside the intelligence war 
tune in tonight at 9p et for a cnnspecreport from jimsciutto - targeting terror : inside the intelligence war 
notice : tune in tonight at 9p et for a cnnspecreport from jimsciutto - targeti … 
( via ) cnn : tune in tonight at 9p et for a cnnspecreport from jimsciutto - targeting terr … 

rt . on not even 5-year-old orphans 

are we nearing don’t fool yourself ! it could happen ! has proved to be a pretty effective catalyst ! 
who's bombing in syria ? 
rt turkish military says plane violated airspace ; they responded with f-16s . 
rt putin : downing of a " stab in the back , " will affect russia-turkey relations . … 
rt turkish military says russian warplane repeatedly violated airspace , ignored warnings . … 
rt putin calls plane's downing by turkey ' stab in the back ' 
turkey downs russian jet . there is a connection to in this incident . 
rt warplane crashes near turkey-syria border , according to semi-official turkish news agency . 
putin calls jet's downing ' stab in the back ' ; turkey says warning ignored 
rt turkey says it issued 10 warnings to the russian plane it claims to have shot down . … 
rt congratulations turkey on starting world war 3 . what is wrong with you people . why do you want this war . … 
uk debates bombing syria today . who else is bombing in syria ? find out here . 
rt russian marine killed during operation to rescue pilot whose warplane was shot down by turkey … 
russian jet shot down by turkey ...... 

pope gives ' catastrophic ' warning 
pope delivers historic mass in kenya . 
pope francis delivers stern warning ahead of paris climate conference 
pope francis delivrs stern warning ahead of summit in paris 
africans cannot afford to remain silent on illegal trade , poaching of elephants for ivory , pope francis says 
pope delivers stern warning ahead of conference . 
one common goal is the 
ge has near $300 billion in debt and is backed by clinton & dems who are broke-ass cons too 
rt pope francis urges religious unity in his first mass on africa trip 
pope basically blames the koch brothers and gop for misinformation and blocking environmental progress on climate ... 
pope francis urges religious unity at mass in africa - 
pope , false prophet no idea what he talk climate change genesis 8:22 . 
the world's funniest looking weatherman delivers stern warning ahead of climate conference in paris 
pope gives ' catastrophic ' climate warning 
omg .. a drinker of kool - aid . :'( 
cnn headine : " pope francis delivers [ a ] stern warning ahead of [ the ] paris climate conference " 
" it would be catastrophic were particular interests to prevail over the common good to protect their own plans ... " 
the ' man ' of god talks about man-made climate crisis . guess even god would be of now help … 
the ' man ' of god talks about man-made climate crisis . guess even god would be of now help on 
pope francis : throngs attend first mass in africa 

could be or visits slum , lashes out at elite 
visits kenyan slum , lashes out at nation's elite 
rt great man ... >> pope francis visits kenyan slum , lashes out at nation's elite 
it's a new form of ~ > slams nation's elite , corruption on his last day in kenya 
pope francis visits kenyan slum , lashes out at elite - 
pope francis slams shit on his last day in kenya not that the bastard dropped a few vatican billion , hu ? 
pope francis slams nation's elite , corruption on his last day in kenya 
pope francis visits out at nations elite 
leave religion to one side , the pope is simply a good man 
pope visits kenyan slum , lashes out at nation's elite 
. has harsh words for kenya's elite and " new forms of colonialism " : 
pope francis : injustices against the poor are " new forms of colonialism " . 
duh , pope goes to kenya , slams diabetics . " too much sugar eats you inside , makes you diabetic " 
pope lashes out at kenya's elite 
what a blessed thanksgiving gift you are , francis ! heaven-sent . 
read how has influenced the poor great reporting 
pope lashes out during africa trip 
thanks pope ! it's long time africa's elite be held responsible for their corrupt ways 

mali arrests 2 suspects in connection to the terrorist attack last week 
two arrested in connection with last week's deadly attack on hotel in mali's capital . 
rt cnnbrk : two arrested in connection with last week's deadly attack on hotel in mali's c … 
rt 2 arrested in connection with last week's attack on hotel in mali's capital 
🇨🇦🇬🇧🇸🇪🇺🇸🐢😝👷🏼🍀in connection 43🙈💉🔥 deadly attack on hotel in😼🐥💩🙈👧🏽🎩🇫🇷xma$$ 👅🗽⚠️ 
mali arrests 2 suspects in hotel terror attack - 



gadget gifts for $100 or less 
very cool gadget gifts for under $100 ... i can spot a few i would like to get ;-) . 
gift ideas for your gadget loving person in your life : 
great tech gift ideas from for under $100 includes creative mobile kit for smartphones . 
our creative mobile kit is featured on " great gadgets for $100 or less " check it out here : 


great photo expose by cnn for folks who face adversity and still believe in 
' i still believe in the american dream . ' 
i still believe inthe american dream - cnnmoney 
6 cities in 6 days . took photos of people who believe in the dream 
what's going on sd ? i still believe inthe american dream - cnnmoney get found -> 
regina believes her kids have a better shot at the than she did 
insights into the american dream , featuring people from our new survey on race 

iowa poll : ted cruz , not ben carson , now donald trump's top rival 
iowa poll : cruz , not carson , now trump's chief rival 
if carson can't win iowa's evangelicals he might as well hang it up . 
cruz is a much stronger diplomat and leader than trump . 
poll : cruz now trump's chief rival 
iowa poll : not now chief rival via 
iowa poll : after attending insane anti gay rally , wacko-bird , not carson , now trump's chief rival 
ted cruz has replaced ben carson as donald trump’s chief gop presidential primary rival in iowa . a quinnipiac ... 
iowa poll : ted cruz , not dr. ben carson , now donald j . trump's chief rival via eric bradner 
iowa poll : cruz , not carson , now trump’s chief rival via 
cruz wins my vote for " most punchable face " poll : cruz , not carson , now trump's chief rival 
a survey i just saw has cruz almost neck and neck with trump . trump at 25 , cruz at 23 . 
cnn is run by stupid/incompetent communists . : cruz , not carson , now trump's chief rival 

11 things you'll fight about this thanksgiving 
11 things you'll fight over this thanksgiving 
11 things to fight over this thanksgiving 
here's a list of eleven pretty humorous ( and true ) things that you may find yourself arguing about : 
keep track and tell me next week how many your family checked off this list -- go ! 



may we have permission to feature your photo ? verify here : 
notice : paxphotography may we have permission to feature your photo ? verify he … 

toys ' r ' us , amazon and walmart race to start 
with starting earlier and earlier , is the new do you even like the extra time ? 
toys ' r ' us , amazon and walmart race to start cyber monday - cnn 
is your website ready for cyber monday ? 
toys ' r ' us , amazon and walmart race to start cyber monday via 
with sales starting earlier and earlier , is the new do you even like the extra time ? 
cyberwar for consumers spend is intense 
race to start cyber monday november 25 - cnnmoney withi ncreases online sales , logistics is a big deal ! 
toys r us , amazon and walmart race to start cyber monday $wmt $amzn 
toys ' r ' us , amazon race to start cyber monday 
starts early for toys r us , and 

white house 
white house issues " all clear " report after fence jumper is apprehended . 
man who jumped white house fence has been arrested 
to detain someone who jumped a fence on thanksgiving goes against everything we are as a nation . 
fence jumper detained 
white house fence jumper detained - maybe prezbo will reccomend a fence the same height as the one on s border ! 
there's a solution to this crap ( before one is a terrorist ) ... you jump the fence , you get shot until you stop . 
yesterday a badass wrapped himself in america and hopped the white house fence . :) 
rt why was this man detained for jumping the wh fence ? apparently it's ok at the southern border ! … 
wh fence jumper get the best jumpers 2 test this so they can learn what they need 2 do 2 protect the wh 
is jumping the fence and seeing how far you can run a new olympic sport or something ? 
. somewhere an unemployed genx copyeditor is weeping : " ... ' ran through ' her and her sister . " 

airlines saved $11 billion on fuel . you saved $8 . 
saved $11 billion on fuel . you saved 8 bucks . 
airlines saved $11 billion on fuel . - opex down consumers still milked-more expensive airfares and crowded flights 
you saved usd 8 on air travel due to low fuel prices 
airlines saved $11b . you saved $8 
how many passengers were used for the analysis in 
this story is so bogus . uses fuel savings for all passengers , but then bases the savings per * passenger* ? wth ?! 
airlines save $11billion on fuel ... tickets have gone down about $8.00 
airlines saved $11 billion on fuel . some airlines still have fuel surcharges . 
airlines saved $11 billion on fuel so far this year . you saved ... $8 . via 
why you don't save $ when airlines do 
why you don't benefit from airlines ' fuel savings - cnnmoney 
why you don't save cash when airlines do 
saved $11 billion on you saved $8 bucks . $luv $aal $dal $jblu $alk $va 
that figures in our new world of monopolies ! walgreens just bought rite aid 󾌡 
us saved $11 billion on low cost of saved 8 bucks . via 
airlines saved $11b on fuel . you saved $8 

how one grad cut her student loan debt by $ 20,000 
read how one grad cut her by $20k via 
how one grad cut her student loan by $ 20,000 via 
student loan refinancing totally works and there can be very little downside 
how one cut her student loan by $ 20,000 via 
how one cut her by $ 20,000 via 
grad cuts her student loan debt by $ 20,000 . 
rt thinking about refinancing your student loan ? you should be . here's how one grad saved $ 20,000 ! v … 
thinking about refinancing your student loan ? you should be . here's how one grad saved $ 20,000 ! via 

get a grip , people ! 
rt a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in recent months . 
isis books & gifts in denver is vandalized - 
here's your weekend edition of " things bigoted , ignorant idiots do " 
low-iq squad vandalized " isis " bookstore--can't read/comprehend societal basics themselves 
wrong isis : bookstore vandalized 
denver store named isis is vandalized . . . as a stupid hateful fuck believes terrorists have their own bookstore . . 
denver bookstore named isis is vandalized 
either she's really dumb or a terrible business-woman ... or both . solution : change the name of your store . 
ok folks there are 270 business/product with isis name attached they are not affiliated with the terrorist ... 
how ignorant can you be ? 
rt isis books & gifts , a local new age store , vandalized . it's named after the ancient egyptian goddess isis , folks ! … 

anything is possible once you break it down to manageable tasks . 
can we avoid climate apocalypse ? 
can we avoid apocalypse ? 
expect bad stuff if we won’t use and get serious about 
no . too many conservative climate change deniers gambling with the earth's future . can we avoid apocalypse ? 
to quote barack obama " yes we ... 
" today solar and wind employ more americans than coal " 
building our movement to save $billions when parked , never been more timely 
yes we can ! stop excessive consumption of oil/carbon and weaponry , plant threes save and recycle foods/goods 
can we stop apocalypse ? 
can we stop climate apocalypse ? 
see future cities under water while we wait for life to imitate art 
rt cnn asks " can we avoid apocalypse ? " gfw expert nancy harris says " has to stop " … 
rt " can we avoid apocalypse ? " gfw's nancy harris says " yes , but has to stop " … 
wow - if this doesn’t scare you - nothing will : thank you 
a little photo journey on what the world would look like if oceans rose 
even at . 9 degrees warming we're experiencing great change on scales we're ill-adapted to cope with . there are ... 
climate doubters with condos in these cities will have seaside properties 
disturbing photos show why we need on ! 
do supporters comprehend what this is about ? the issues which culminate in 
shedding light on one of the key of our time . reports on the perils of 
the whole notion of humans being able to control earth's temperatures is hilarious to me -colossal waste of $ 
is this what the look like if things don't change soon ? 
rt will most coastal cities be under water ? … 

paul ryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety 
ryan : on refugees , balance compassion & safety terrorists have made it clear -will infiltrate to reach the west 
. on refugees , balance compassion and safety via 
paul ryan : on refugees , balance , safety , compassion 
paul ryan : on balancing safety and compassion 
on balance compassion and safety 
rt new op-ed by on " on refugees , balance compassion and safety " 
there are credible persons in syria to vouch for each one ? >> paul ryan : on refugees , balance compassion & safety 
ryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety i hope this is not a smoke screen 2 pacify concerned americans 
rt . cnn op-ed : " on refugees , balance safety , compassion " 
rt house speaker says america can balance compassion and safety w/ refugees : … 
house passed american safe act . background check 
. speakerryan : on refugees , balance compassion and safety vi … 
rt essay by - balance security & compassion in addressing 

obama to blame for paris attacks says starwood capital ceo : 


could this quran curb extremism ? 
rt could this quran curb extremism ? 
could this quran curb extremism ? the book can allow better understanding from non-muslims . 
your thoughts on this !? fair interpretation , or not ? could this quran really curb extremism ? 
rt can this quran curb extremism ? increased literacy = increased understanding = increased t … 
can this quran curb extremism ? increased literacy = increased understanding = increased tolerance . 
eddietrich : as the world continues to grow smaller and more violent , it is time that we understand other cultures … 
as the world continues to grow smaller and more violent , it is time that we understand other cultures and ... 
" the best way to counter extremism in modern islam is a revival of classical islam . " 
" the scholar hopes his approach can convince readers that no part of the quran sanctions the brutal acts of ... 
" could this new study quran curb extremism ? " - cnn 
ppl attempt to alter unalterable book to stop the violence not being committed in its name 
this is what this entire thing has been about 
this would be a great addition to a home library . i had an old version of the quran , back in the early 80s i ... 
" the study koran " : a new translation that could change how the world views islam 
a new sugar-coated quran ? what an embarrassingly apologetic article/concept : 
just saw this on cnn , any thoughts ? 
a book for those who want to understand . 
could this curb extremism ? 
i need more than 140 characters to say how much this guy is off on what he is saying . 
great academic effort ! let's see if it ends 13 centuries of jihad & makes sharia law illegal ! that's be great !! 
quran 2.0 in english ? now they are changing the quran to be less scary ? trying to explain away the horror 
can this help combat " twisted interpretations of by 

parisians resume daily life under tighter security , some fear - cnn 

these things are happening right now ... 
' shoot us or help us ' : 3 stories from refugee crisis you need to read : 
' shoot us or help us ' : 3 stories from crisis you need to read 
rt 10 migrants literally sew their lips shut in protest against being blocked by europe . https://… 
refugees keep lips sewn shut 
refugees : ' shoot us or help us ' must find a solution . here and now . cannot turn away . 
' shoot us or help us ' : 3 stories from you need to read 
' cant be trusted !! ran !! i bet ? us or help us ' : 3 stories from refugee crisis you need to read 
rt ' shoot us or help us ' : 3 stories from refugee crisis what about if we just send you back home … 
men trapped on the greek-macedonian border have sewn their lips shut in protest 
hundreds of migrants stuck in no man's land .... 
stranded refugees sew lips together in protest 
syrian refugees : 3 stories you need to read - - 
' shoot us or help us ' : 3 stories frm refugee crisis u need 2 read - there's no doubt as 2 conservative's answer 
iranians have sewn their lips closed in protest . ' shoot us or help us ' : 3 stories from the 
keep lips sewn shut . only refugees from allowed in . 
' shoot us or help us ' : tears and trauma in migrant crisis : they are among some 1,300 migrants , nanou said , who ... 
3 stories from refugee crisis i am supergluing my asshole shut until no one is allowed into the u.s. here i go ! 
turning your back on the world's refuges is un-american and cowardly . ' shoot us or help us ' 
rt on remember , if you're not you're how do you turn your back on this ? … 
' refugee crisis you need to read there are muslims countries closer that can take them but will not . 
keep ' em sown up , works for me 

4 reasons russia and turkey can't afford a trade war 
4 reasons russia and turkey can't afford a trade war november 26 - cnnmoney 
4 reasons and can't afford a war - cnnmoney 
just another proof that politics exist to serve economy , mainly ! turkey and russia must do the math ! 
4 reasons and can't afford a trade war 
turkey-russia tensions : 4 reasons neither country can afford a trade war 
4 reasons russia and turkey can’t afford a trade war | cnn 


gifford suffered from 
family : frank gifford suffered from brain disease cte 
topic : friday night lights " while frank passed away from natural causes this past august at the age of 84 , our ... 
brain disease cte from repeated head injuries can cause changes in personality & judgment & more , 
rt frank gifford suffered from head-injury related brain disease cte , family says … 
there are so many others with cte , and tbi/concussions that should be using hbot . 
frank gifford had brain disease 
condolences to the family . and i admire their generous candor . 
from our hearts go out to all families affected by cte . we join those fighting to make the sport safer . 
new information surfaces on brain disease and brain trauma . 


' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow debate 
jon snow lives !! 
' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow d # royalsleadseries 
' game of thrones ' poster fuels jon snow dead or alive debate 
' thrones ' ad fuels jon snow debate 
jon snow .. king of the white walkers ! or .. just take your pick from all the other wishful thinkers . 
is jon snow dead ? 
i have no idea if jon snow will be alive , dead , or undead next season , but the book never actually says he died . 
" what is dead may never die , " right ? poster fuels jon snow debate . 
john snow lives ! 
he's back . ' you know nothing jon snow ' via 
is still alive ? 

don't let one of these holiday-related accidents put you in the hospital : 
no . 1 holiday health hazard ? taking a nasty spill : 
from falls to alcohol-related accidents , here are the most common holiday injuries : 
ouch ! holiday health hazards abound 
ouch ! holiday health hazards abound via 
ouch ! holiday health hazards abound ^ct 
ouch ! holiday hazards abound 
holiday injuries are more common than you think ! be sure your physician's number is saved in your phonebook ! 

adviser : trump ' probably right ' on disputed 9/11 claim 
donald trump adviser : trump's ' probably right ' on disputed 9/11 claim " 
adviser : " probably right " on disputed 9/11 celebration claim via 
there r over 1000 cases open on isis- do u want 2 pay to surveillance- expensive !? fbi babysitters ? 
what saw ... 
is an idiot & should turn in atty card . 
rt wait , i don't think thats how the truth works . 
trump's lawyer says he's " probably right " about the 100% false 9/11 statements he made . what the fuck is happening ? 
trump repeats false 9/11 claim 
" there's no way to say that it wasn't . " that's how donald trump's lawyer defends his lies . just wow ! 
rt top trump adviser on disputed 9/11 claim : " what's important is that there are bad people among us . " 
this is interesting . do you think there was anyone who celebrated on 9/11 or was everyone saddened by what ... 
hey how is it you never go after barack obama , hillary clinton when they tell howling lies , mistruths ? 
whether trump & staff are lying or just wrong is irrelevant . falsehoods and incitement are bad 
rt no he's not 
your sauce is the weakest sauce . bow-out and 
wtf i saw it also . big time in elizabeth new jersey . 
i claim cheered jfk's death . according to his team's logic , there is no way to prove he didn't .. 
generally speaking , this is a poor rhetorical move 


and among obama's honorees - 
almost every obama " medal of freedom honoree " had a racial connotation from him . the vitriol is distinct . 
obama hands out 17 medals 
obama's medal of freedom honorees 
president obama awarded 17 people today the prestigious presidential medal of freedom . 
watching this video was like getting a history lesson ... extraordinary people .... loved the story about the ... 

3 ways to practice gratitude for health and happiness ( after thanksgiving ): 
just how deadly is the kissing bug ? 
meet the poisonous " kissing bug , " spreader of chagas disease . 
article redirected me to story . 
to think i lost hrs of sleep bc someone falsely posted that this guy was a hardened killer ! shame on you internets ! 
the kissing bug is .. anything but " cute " . read up here and see if you're safe ! 
k ive seen this bug during the summer i think ... or a variation of that .. 
the news is reporting the kissing bug is spreading . it is a " true bug " in pest classifications . it can be easily ... 



17 injured in new orleans shooting 
in seek after 17 injured in at crowded 
can we see the response from the dem cand to this news ? 9yr old : no 17 shot : 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park 
nope . that's your game . 
nope . yours is . 
what's the matter , racist ? too scared to call out gangbangers for shooting black kids ? 
police seek witnesses after shootout at new orleans crowded park during " music video " 
you and had nothng to say about this group shooting on sunday . sleeping ? when do 
rt 16 people shot by thugs in new orleans in 1 nite and we r worried about isis ? go figure ! 
rt multiple people injured after shooting at new orleans park . 
rt gunmen open fire on crowd of hundreds in new orleans . i'm ok with calling it terrorism , are you ? 
- " stop shooting black people , you racist cops ! " - news : " 16 people shot at new orleans ... 
new orleans shooting many wounded - 
17 wounded in new orleans shooting , 5 in minnesota , and we're scared of syrian orphans ? the fuck , people . the fuck . 
as i remember it in the 1990s . how can so much joy and art and so much violence go together ? 
police no witnesses 17 injured in shootout park if black lives really matter then speak up you know who it was 
says only nation where this regularly happens . 
and ur gonna ask for a source so here you go why no ppl talk about this shit 
ya 17 blacks shot by blacks yeaterday at bunny park yet no mention on here why please explain 
why have you not mentioned the 17 blacks shotby other blks at bunny park ? doesnt fit ur narrative . 
lol did u react like this to the 17 black ppl shot at bunny park last night by other black ppl . 
are you also gonna hunt the guys that shot 17 black ppl at bunny park last night ? 
why dont u supposed supporters mention last nights massacre of blacks by blacks ? 
more 
are the black ppl who shot 17 other black ppl yesterday also terrorists . why dont u mention that ? 
why dont u pray for the 17 blacks shot in a park by other black ppl last night in new orleans ? 
black lives matter ... 
y no outrage and protests for 17 black ppl getting shot by other blacks 
why are u not mentioned the 17 black ppl shot in a park last night by other blk ppl 
16 injured in new orleans shooting 
thoughts and prayers to those affected in the new orleans shooting . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured god told you everyday this week until the dismember 
rt police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped … 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped this 
seventeen people were shot in new orleans in a crowded park . 
why worry about americans shoot at themselves . hundreds of witnesses , very few speak out . 
17 injured in park shooting in new orleans . 
how horrible ! 
if blacks reported criminals , america would be a completely different place . 
police seek witnesses after shootout at crowded park - someone knows something . come on !! 
" police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout " at bunny friend park " hundreds of witnesses " 😞 
if you see nothing , explain how you are not part of the problem . 
i love my hometown . stop the violence . 
rt shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in new orleans via 

kremlin turns down request for turkey meeting 
5 things to know about russian jet shot down by turkey 
5 things you need to know about russian jet shot down by turkey 
5 things you need to know about jet shot down by 
" appearing at joint press conference tuesday in the white house , obama and hollande urged a de-escalation of the ... 
russian fighter jet shot down by turkey , one pilot shot dead the other missing . this could escalate . 
5 things about russian jet shot down by turkey but still i wonder why won't obama let france go nato 
5 things you need to know about shot down by 
syria becomes more complicated . 
5 things to know about downed russian jet 
5 things to know about turkey downed a russian war jet 
russian president vladimir putin says the downing of the jet is a " a stab in the back by the terrorists ' ... 

u.s. general : human error led to the doctors without borders strike 
u.s. general : human error led to doctors without borders strike 
human error led to msf strike , general says - 
deadly u.s. bombing of afghanistan hospital result of " human error " and technical failures , commander says 
human error led to doctors without borders strike , general says 
unreal : sounds sketchy to me ! " us general : human error led to doctors without borders strike oct 3 , 2015 " 
what a terrible tragedy ... " u.s. general : human error led to strike " 
what would happen if russia had done the bombing instead of the us ? they would be treated as criminals , isn't it ? 

acting on tip , police search for suspect salah abdeslam in nw germany . 
alleged ringleader targeted financial district , prosecutor says 
unidentified suicide bomber may have attacked paris restaurants , official says . 
from the we're tracking the latest from brussels , where students are headed back to class ... 
attacks : alleged ringleader targeted financial district , plan thwarted by raid 
new suspect in paris attacks - 
more on the paris tragedy ... where is world peace ?? 🌎✌🏽 
" abdeslam could not have survived so long on the run w/o help " by & 
paris attacks : financial district may have been a target - 
paris ' ringleader ' targeted financial district 
paris attacks : possible suicide vest being analyzed - via 
at least they stopped a few potential attacks ... i wish there was a way for peace . these poor people . 
lets see greco roman terrorist look . these skinny results of 1000yrs of inbreeding and alcoholism just dont cut it 
rt acting on tip , search for in htt … 

live : q&a w/ & cnn’s in advance of ask a question on 
rt at 10 a.m. et — & will take your questions during a live q&a … 
combating 
rt live in 30 mins — facebook q&a w/ & cnn's on climate → … 
join us today at 10 a.m et for a live q&a about climate change 
rt do you have a question for or cnn's don't miss their fb q&a : https :/ … 
live now : of answers your q's on facebook with the creator of two degrees project : 
president at the world bank has been heavy on climate change . 
join us today for a live q&a about ... - cnn international | facebook 
got a question for or cnn's ask now : 
likely to impact the poor . what measures r tailored to address this 
rt live : q&a w/ & cnn’s in advance of q on 
not too late to check out the live facebook q&a w/ & cnn's on now : 
rt live now q&a w/ & cnn’s in advance of a question on climate htt … 

debunked : what social media got wrong about paris attacks 
what social media got wrong about the paris attacks . csis388_andy 

rt turkey : putin making huge mistake 
turkish leader 
turkey won't apologize for downing russian jet , turkish president erdogan tells 
turkey won't apologize for downing russian warplane , erdogan says 
turkey's erdogan on downing of russian warplane : those who violated our airspace are the ones who need to apologize . 
rt and what will be next ? the chess game in syria won't be over for years ... 
rt won't apologize downing warplane , erdogan says , would down another one if it crosses it's airspace . … 
rt turkey won't apologize for downing russian warplane , erdogan says he talks big w nation suppo … 
erdogan : won't apologize for downing russian jet - 
turkey won't apologize for downing russian jet , erdogan says - 
turkish leader : we'd have to do it again 
erdogan : turkey won't apologize for downing russian jet - 
russian president says misidentification of plane impossible 
won't apologize for downing russian says : via 
no apology for downing russian jet 
turkey : putin making big mistake 
turkey-russia tensions : russia moving missiles to syria - … 
the headlines concerning that airstrike are discombobulating to read on thanksgiving ... 

- 31 beautiful sights on this incredible planet 
what an incredible world we live in !!! 
earth , you are a total babe ! 
most beautiful sights on earth 
yay number 1 on the list . most beautiful sights on earth 
earth's most beautiful sights 
look what made # 3 on this list ! currently booking tours for the great migration call or email us ! 3 . the great ... 
a few things this planet has to offer : 

rt what we know about abdelhamid abaaoud , the suspected ringleader of the attacks : … 

ted cruz , on the attack 
ted cruz , on the attack . attack clown . 
ted cruz , on the attack great ... the morons deserve a hero too .. now they have one ... a future loser . 
in light of today's boomletpalooza , read on increasingly in the arena of r-on-r violence : 
. is on the attack via 
cruz begins to split with trump , rubio , carson . but the big q : what exactly is he waiting for to draw real contrast ? 
the 2016 spotlight is turning to the junior senator from texas ... my colleague ' s story : 
new , from west des moines -- ted cruz , who refused to touch contrast with a stick , now finds himself in crosshairs . 

rt the white house holds a call with governors about 

rt poll : most americans oppose resettling in the u.s. 

white house fence jumper sent for psychiatric examination - 
white house fence jumper sent for psychiatric examination v … 
white house fence jumper joseph caputo appears in court - 

prosecutors : photos show teen disposing of teacher's body - 
this piece of garbage ( i don't mean to offend garbage ) will only be held until he's 21 . 
horrible 
truly a case that screams justice for the victim . execution is not cruel enough for this killer . 
teen ' dumped body ' after rape , murder of teacher 
photos show teen allegedly disposing of body 

adele kills it on ' the tonight show ' 
hello ! kills it on ' the tonight show ' with 
adele kill it on ' the tonight show ' 
in case you missed on 
ok i listened to adele's new album i pre-ordered for two days straight ... and no i'm not tired of it ... 

marines to spend $225m on new amphibious combat vehicle 
marines to get a new ride 
to spend $225m on new amphibious vehicles . 
may soon get new wheels 
ugly but effective ? 
the marines are spending $225m on new amphibious combat vehicles via 
with access to unlimited cash from gop congress , marines to spend $225m on amphibious combat vehicle prototypes 
marines set to spend another $3b on landing vehicles which haven't seen much action since d-day 
to spend $225m on new amphibious combat vehicles 
us marines are car shopping 
both bae and saic are in looks like another win for the local economy . 
we talked about hitler's lack of landing craft in wwii . looks like the u.s. has developed something new : 
what marines may soon be coming ashore in 

trump faces challenge on eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
trump faces challenge on eligibility for the ballot 
rt trump faces challenge on eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
. faces challenges on his eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
already not going to work per statement nhgop chairman at 
trump faces challenge on eligibility for the nh ballot 
stop it faces challenge on eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
trump took an oath and signed a pledge to the challenge on eligibility for the nh ballot 
donald trump faces challenges on his eligibility for the new hampshire ballot - 
may not actually make it on to the republican ballot in new hampshire 
republican candidate donald # trump faces challenge on eligibility for the new ballot 
eligibility for republican ballot to be challenged , hearing planned for tuesday - 

rt opinion : the have handed a big opportunity to syria's bashar al-assad 

turkey-syria border : russian warplane crashes - 
photos of the downed jet 
photos of crash 
😸 russian navy grapples with russian threats to undersea cables - navytimes 😸 😿 

rt " i was not mocking that reporter's disability . don't be a retard ! " -- donald trump 
rt . mocks reporter disability 
rt through his speeches we've learned is bully , and now a liar . he is morally bankrupt . htt … 
donald trump denies mocking reporter's 
rt donald trump mocks reporter's disability 
rt donald trump denies mocking reporter's disability november 26 - cnnmoney think this is a tipping poi … 
donald trump denies mocking reporter's disability november 26 - cnnmoney think this is a tipping point ..... 
this is not okay . donald trump denies mocking reporter's disability on november 26 
rt the human lizard strikes again 
when ur ignorant scum and make fun of a physically handicapped man 
yes yes 
maybe trump could get andrew dice clay for his running mate . this is the man you want running this country ?? 
rt he must want to be an inspirational president : mocks reporter's disability 
rt trump mocks reporter's disability there is something terribly wrong with this individual ? ? ? 
rt i'm done . 
rt trump didnt know the guy . gopdemsmsm should getusedtousnotgiving a crap about pc . https … 
rt " we find it outrageous that he would ridicule the appearance of one of our reporters " 
rt how could anyone want this ignorant clown to be president ? " donald trump mocks reporter's disability … 
oh donald trump , the gift that keeps on giving . 
rt nice chap , donald trump . world will be such a more caring place when he is us president 

carson walks support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim carson lies & trump sees it all ! scary 
donald trump's 9/11 celebration claim widely disputed - 
. walks back on his support for disputed 9/11 claim 
carson walks back support for trump's disputed 9/11 celebration claim ..... 
rt . 9/11 claim widely disputed . 
bigots , racists , arrogant a holes ... for u.s. president ... pathetic , and yet media is so sluggish to call their ... 
except for own reporting - carson walks back support for trump's 9/11 celebration clm 
that's a lie ! 
nyt’s doesn’t recall anyone saying “ thousands , or even hundreds " celebrated 9/11 : 
no surprise about this . trump is a pathological liar . 
rt trumps claim about celebrations for 9/11 attacks is nonsense . election 2016 = if it sounds true , good enough . … 
literally check cnn and any other major news outlet . example : 
another example of trying 2 lose elections so he can make political deals do rem 5 dancing israelis 
first thought this story was about those shitty fox news broadcasts that were widely discredited as pakistani cric … 
carson apologizes , but trump repeats disputed 9/11 celebration claim 
nothing will change . his poll numbers will jump 30 pts & he'll further lock in the ignorant , racist cracker vote . 

could the government shut down over refugees ? 
to show just how strongly some republican legislators feel about a strong vetting program for refugees , rep. matt ... 

rt mother and father of football analyst doug flutie die within an hour of each other . 

rt . to blame for says starwood capital ceo 

rt what's life like for in the u.s. ? visits iowa to learn more … 

" honduran police detain 5 syrians over fake passports " 

no . 2 believed banished by 
north korea's no . 2 banished by kim jong un ? 
has kim jong un exiled his no . 2 ? 
no . 2 to north korea's has vanished , but likely just getting re-educated instead of killed . 
leader kim jong-un purges another party leader ; his second in command . … 
oh , choe ryong hae , not like this : 
north korea's no . 2 believed banished why wont someone take this dictator down , n . korea is worthless 
asking questions about disappeared people ... no point in that . 

15 of the 16 shots was while he was on the ground . that's an execution ! 
so how can you fear for your life when the suspect is walking away from you ? 
laquan mcdonald video : shot teen spins , falls onto road 
another child is dead at the hands of those charged to protect him . 
laquan mcdonald video shot teen falls dead 
chicago police release laquan mcdonald shooting video 
in my book is no authority on factual reporting about brutality against blacks ! is the worst 




create new strain of 
scientists have developed a new malaria-blocking mosquito . 
interesting article on malaria 
scientists create malaria-blocking mosquito 
scientists create new strain of mosquito 305.932.5557 
great piece of news at last ... 
scientist use to create mosquitoes that block transmission of 
genetically modified mosquito to prevent malaria . 
building an anti-malaria mosquito . dangerous new step against horrible disease 
would love to see this go to market . 
i'm concerned with giving an evolutionary-type advantage to malaria blocking mosquito to replace current ones . 
could this mosquito wipe out malaria for good ? 
malaria is the single most deadly disease preventing real development in poor tropical areas . 

france has apparently been investigating radicalized public transit workers 
source : france has been investigating transit workers - 
france investigating radicalized public transit workers , source says reporting by margot haddad & 
has been investigating radicalized public transit workers , source says 
about time , they should not pray during work france has been investigating radicalized public transit workers , 
intelligence services in france investigating islamist radicalization among workers at main paris airports : 
sympathizers working in airports ? 
source : france has been investigating transit workers & airport airside personnel 
source : france probes transit staff 
rt has been investigating radicalized public transit workers , source says 
french intel services are investigating islamist radicalization among employees of paris airports & public transport 
some are airport employees . here is a prime example of not letting muslims , " refugees " and people who sympathize ... 

this $5 computer sold out in a day . 
interesting educational concept . 
this $5 out in a day 
build-it-yourself computer for $150 via 
the $5 computer via 
this $5 raspberry pi computer sold out in a day via 
$5 computer , the raspy pi , sold out in 1 day . 
raspberry pi's $5 computer sold out online in a day 
the $5 zero sold out in 1 day 

2 charged with , aiding 
turkish journalists charged with espionage . 
nato " ally " turkey arming isis . 2 turkish journalists charged with espionage , aiding terrorist organization 
turkish journalists arrested on charges of espionage 
2 with 
2 journalists arrested , charged with espionage 
turkish journalists charged with spying 
rt turkish journalists charged with espionage . … 
really turkey ? 
2 charged with espionage , aiding terrorist organization : via 
2 journalists charged with spying 
2 turkish journalists ( from daily newspaper cumhuriyet ) charged with espionage , aiding terrorist organization 
arrests of 2 journo implies video true : mit intel supplied | in 
arresting 2 journo4 " treason , revealing state secrets " implies scoop true : mit <-> 
" 2 journalists charged with espionage , aiding terrorist organization . " 
turkish journos arrested for espionage 

rt delaware governor : why my state won't turn refugees away 


rt debunked : what social media got wrong about the 

social media hails charlie sheen after hiv announcement - cnn 

rt 129 victims , each with their own story . explore our interactive : 

rt is self-destructive for a reason , writes for … 

rt u.s. states reject refugees look back at history on refugees 
rt u.s. states reject refugees how many governors ' families came to us on a boat ? 
rt u.s. states reject refugees america america god shed his light , on thee governors ? 
more than 1/2 of nation's governors say syrian not welcome . 
rt 31 states have just said no : " more than half the nation's governors say not welcome " → … 
more than half the nation's governors say syrian refugees not welcome 
rt syrian refugees not welcome here , governors of 16 states say this says a lot 
rt governors of alabama , michigan say their states won't accept from syria . 
rt more than half the nation's governors -- 27 states -- say they oppose letting syrian refugees into their states … 
rt land of the free & the home of the brave [*] . [*] some exceptions apply . offer not valid in tx , la , al , ms , ga … … 
the refusing state governors have a very well founded argument . because of the state of the world the " we love ... 
hall of the nations governors oppose letting minority group syrian refugees in the us 
rt after paris attacks , syrian refugees shunned over terror fears - 
refugees not welcome then what to do with them all ? the world should create a for them . 

texas attorney general , ken paxton , requests a 30-day extension to file a reply brief to on case 
texas seeks a delay in the obama administration's immigration case at 
v&e's interviewed by on texas ' request to delay supreme court immigration case 
texas seeks a delay in obama administration's immigration case at via 
texas seeks delay in immigration case at supreme 
texas seeks delay in obama immigration case at supreme court 
texas seeks delay in scotus immigration case - 
rt just in : will hear immigration case this term ? maybe not : 
texas seeks delay in obama supreme court immigration case in bid to run out clock on this white house 
texas playing politics , seeks delay in obama immigration case at 
yday texas + 25 states said they needed more time to file immigration brief doj said it would oppose delay : 
rt texas seeks a delay in the obama administration's immigration case at … 
texas seeks in case at supreme court 

albert einstein's special mark on the universe . 
einstein is right : your reality is weird 
rt albert einstein's special mark on the universe 
rt einstein gave us 100yrs ago today ! & … 
100 yrs on still leaving special mark on us , our perceptions of time and space | 
such an interesting read 
death is an illusion : albert einstein's mark on the universe via 
this is really cool . imagine meeting someone and being able to look through them at their entire history . kinda ... 
while space and time can independently differ for observers , the 4d space-time reality is the same for everyone 
albert ' s special mark on the 
hope you will check out my article on yesterday's 100th anniversary of gr 

rt " strong presumption " that a 2nd person linked to the paris attacks is at large , source close to probe says . … 

what's streaming on netflix , amazon prime , hulu in december 



. discriminated against us workers , complaint states . 
no surprise - fired fla . disney it workers file claim that company discriminated against them . via 
< sarc > no us company would ever import cheap foreign labor over american workers < /sarc > 
disney discriminated against us workers ? that's something you don't hear everyday . 
disney sued over anti-american worker discrimination . 
disney giscriminated against us workers , complaint states . . . . . . 
discriminated against us workers , complaint states november 24 - cnnmoney 

bank ceo : a bonus won't make me work any harder 
rt bank ceo : a bonus won't make me work any harder 
. ceo : a bonus won't make me work any harder : $db via 
once a bonus is expected , companies should consider straight profit sharing . tie company and personal perf together 

china defends coal use ahead of paris summit 
china defends coal use ahead of paris climate summit 
china defends coal use ahead of climate summit : 
jiang8103 : rt cnni : china defends coal use ahead of climate summit : 
assassi12559790 : rt cnni : china defends coal use ahead of climate summit : 
defends use ahead of - cnn 
defends coal use ahead of paris climate summit - cnn 

rt tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show 

what discrimination looks like today 
poll : 49% of americans say racism is a ' big problem ' via 
large % of blacks and hispanics have experienced discrimination in the workplace . but proving it is another thing . 
what discrimination looks like now 
different standards apply . 
rt working while brown : what discrimination looks like now 
rt implicit bias . microagressions . what workplace discrimination looks like now . 
dont 4get " equality " trait doesn't have . considering the darkskinned-blacks left out of here : go colorism ! 
working while brown : what looks like now via 
rt what discrimination looks like now via 
this one gave me a headache from all the face palming 
this is the biggest load of steaming race card i have ever seen 
race & reality in america via it's a daily reality in the workplace . 
what looks like now / sharing w/ 
there are still challenges today 
franknatale2 : rt justicevoices : what does modern-day workplace discrimination look like ? tanzinavega explores : and … 
rt what does modern-day workplace discrimination look like ? explores : and she's lookin … 
employment discrimination includes business fear of ellen pao style frivolous discrimination lawsuits via 

backs and turkey in russian warplane dispute via 
bush supports turkey in russian war 
jeb bush supports islamist turkey , democrat obama in russian war 
in the meantime isis is smuggling oil to turkey . drop them from nato . turkey are isis supporters meaning they ... 
bush backs obama , turkey in russian warplane dispute 
. backs and in russian warplane dispute via 
jebbush backs potus and turkey in russian warplane dispute … 
we need a leader asap 
typical : bush , rubio backs obama , turkey in russian warplane dispute 
rt bush backs obama , turkey in russian warplane dispute 
bush sucks up to obama should be the headline . 
idiot backs in russian warplane dispute 

isis is self-destructive , for a very scary reason 
isis is self-destructive , for a scary reason 
good companion to your op-ed , isis is using ingroup/outgroup dynamics as part of their strategy 
paris attacks : self-destructive ultimate suicide mission end-of-days battle with the west 
the demonic insane strategy of isis 

edited video overlays clinton laughing onto images of benghazi wreckage 
rt ok donald , this is irresponsible . video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage … 
trump video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage 
. video shows laughing over benghazi wreckage 
trump video shows clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 
donald trump video shows hillary clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 

rt . thanks his daughters for joining him during 
rt first daughters indulge 
rt icymi : the first daughters indulge 
rt photos : turkey pardoning over the years 
rt wishing all of our followers a 🇺🇸🍗🍴 
rt . cnnpolitics : never forget : the first daughters indulge . potus ' 

rt police tell cnn raid is underway in suburb ; you can hear gunfire in this video . … 

rt white house issues veto threat over refugee bill 

is ' preying on people's deep-seated fears ' - 
rt . is " preying on people's deep-seated fears " 
bush : is ' preying on people's deep-seated fears ' 
rt bush : trump is ' preying on people's deep-seated fears ' 
rt bush said activists would never be attacked at one of his events . 
bush : trump ' preying on people's fears ' jeb , all republicans prey on people's fears . that's what republicans do . 
trump is ' preying on people's deep-seated fears ' like a mushroom cloud . 
props to for showing compassion and perspective . is the right time to build , not destroy . 
new height wow ! pot -- kettle ; kettle -- pot . forgot bro ? 

rt dashcam video of teen's shooting death released 
rt a chicago police officer has been charged with 1st-degree murder in the 2014 shooting death of laquan mcdonald . … 
rt rt a chicago police officer has been charged with murder in the shooting death of laquan mcdonald . … 
chicago protesters march as police release video - - 
chicago police officer charged with murder - 
watch the short " when can police shoot ? " video 
rt chicago releasing video of fatal shooting of black teen 
rt chicago officer who shot laquan mcdonald charged with murder 
rt chicago police officer who shot charged with murder 
we have something worse then sex to deal with in this country 
if they are not murdered on the street like an animal . first 
the face of evil ! chicago protesters march as release video of officer shooting teen . 
besides the fact he did not appear to approach or be near any officer , laquan mcdonald was down after 2 seconds ,... 
sooooooo ... i've heard so many things ... 

obama family serves thanksgiving dinner to homeless and vets 
rt the first family serves dinner to homeless people and veterans … 
, flotus , and family for the much needed positive change and the gravy train ! 
rt the first family serves thanksgiving dinner to homeless people , veterans 
obama's serve thanksgiving dinner to homeless and vets - 
president obama , you have all of my respect . 
obama family serves thanksgiving dinner 2 homeless & vets while candidates spew hate & mock physically disabled 
this is nice !!! glad to see this gesture from obama - the worst president 
obamas serve thanksgiving dinner to homeless 
any time serving veterans is a good thing . his administration's actual non-performance is louder than nice words . 
& family on thanksgiving holiday serving dinner 2 homeless & veterans @ friendship place homeless center 
thanks and god bless , mr. president barack obama of the united states of america ! 
obama family serves dinner to homeless and vets 


bezos to cnn reporter asking " is he right ? " of musk's comments , " no , he's not " replies bezos 
jeff bezos ' rocket lands safely after space flight 
jeff bezos ' rocket lands safely after space flight , creates history . 
travel news : 
cnn reporter asks about elon musk dissing blue orgins rocket " is he right ? " " no , he's not , " says bezos 
this is pretty crazy , 
and we more interested in returning national awards n reducing population on india by sending someone out form here😊 
move over space-x , this start-up just launched - and landed - a reusable space rocket upright . i kid you not : 
things that keep us going to are always good ! 
giant multinational corporations already own the world financial system . now they want to own space . to see where ... 
this is amazing , great work ! cmon elon , you need to get moving ! 
huge win from the team at blue origin ! great work and team ! 
" i think of our competition primarily as earth's gravity " - jeff bezos on blue origins - 
persistence in action : 
welp . 
this just rocks ! wow ! 
jeff bezos ' rocket ship traveled 100 kilometers into outer space landing upright upon its return to earth . 
y'all , soon we're going to be able to buy our first trip to space on amazon . i can't wait . 
wow -- this is a game changer ! 
never saw this happen before . 
we have another new player in the space tourism business ... 


holiday myths debunked . 
weight gain , suicides , traffic deaths and other holiday myths , debunked : via 
myths debunked : weight gain , suicides , traffic deaths and 
rt holiday myths debunked 
3 holiday health and safety myths debunked . what is actually true and what is not ? read here to find out : ... 
myths debunked : weight gain , suicides , traffic deaths - via 

native american heritage day should not be the same day as black friday 
time to pick new 
what happens when black friday competes with native american heritage day ? 
native american heritage day : time to rethink ( opinion ) - 
deserves honorable recognition , and should not be tied to black friday : 
a fellow oglala lakota tribe member wrote this & i believe it's %100 real shit !!!! 
happy native american heritage day ! 
good article . time to pick new 
read my latest for time to pick a new native american heritage day : 
rt time to pick new says to have a good day , one an … 
time to pick new says to have a good day , one and all . 
interesting ... nov27 is native american heritage day , not just black friday - cnn 
did you know ' black friday " is also the " native american heritage day " ? 

ummm no thanks !! 
my biggest nightmare . i think i'm gonna get another one tonight ... 
spiders cause a north memphis freakout 
well guys it could be worse outside 
man , cnn has it in for you with all these spider stories . 
spider invasion of tennessee ; not great for arachnophobes ! 
today's big ole ball of no . 
anyone afraid of spiders ? don't go to memphis ... 
dee earley 
real story happening now in north memphis causing town to freakout 
got arachnaphobia ? then avoid north memphis according to this cnn story . 
when i read things like this , it makes me think that needs to research laboratory cations before he travels 
ahhh yeah ... no thank you 󾌯 
thousands of spiders " invade " a tennessee neighborhood ― like a scene from a horror movie . 
i'm calling it . there will be a " north memphis spiders " remix . 
any of you guys get caught in the spider invasion . 
so , may be rethinking the tn trip on the agenda next year ..... 
spiders invade like ' horror movie ' 
insane amounts of spiders are flying around , invading north memphis , tennessee . 
another reason why i like living where i do . sorry memphis . but , that is creepy . 
got spiders ? 
pray for memphis . 
" real story happening now in north memphis causing town to freakout " 😨 
this must be " nope of the decade " for arachnophobic friends : 
this is , unquestionably , my greatest fear . 
nightmares ... 
just one of the many reasons i will never live in memphis : 
half mile long spider web ! 
spiders invade like ' horror movie'-nuke this city ! please leave now if u aren't a spider 
whoa . whoa . not cool , guys . 
the good news : i'm quoted in a cnn story above the fold on their website ! the bad news : there’s a typo in my tweet ! 
ur gonna love this : 
you gotta pull sound bites from this : 
webs a half mile long !? yikes ! 
spider invasion in memphis ! you know who to call if it ever happened in southern arizona ! 
oh my .. 
along came a spider ... followed by many more & i'm so glad i don't live in memphis , tn right now !!! 
" the spiders are coming from a nearly half-mile-long web ... " and i never slept again . 

well said . 
muslim marine's response to donald trump goes viral 
muslim marine hits back at trump 
politics in the u.s. are turning into a joking matter ! people of the u.s. need to work together to get ... 
muslim marine's response to trump goes viral 
donald trump and the likes of him should be disqualified from running for office . unconstitutional ideas have no ... 



crisis : fear and hope in the heartland 

professors neil boothby and lindsay stark explain why the refugee debate has missed the point on 
professors neil boothby and lindsay stark say the refugee debate has missed the point on 
how refugee debate misses the point 
80% of are in turkey , jordan & lebanon . why are so many risking the dangerous trip to europe ? 

rt " a must watch for every father , every human rt " france is our home " : … 
rt " france is our home " : watch this french father explain the to his young son … 



dems , yes , chicago cop should face charges for killing 
rt . and yes , the cop should face charges for killing https : … 
dems , bush : yes , chicago cop should face charges 
dems , jebbush : yes , chicago cop should face charges for killing … 
rt 2016 candidates : chicago cop should face charges in shooting 
2016 candidates and stand strong : yes , chicago cop should face charges 


rt good article on 
good article on … 
why my state won't turn refugees away 
rt why my state won't turn away : 
gov : why i won't turn away refugees 

sarah palin : governors ' last line of defense ' against isis 

from 1907 to 1930 , edward s . curtis documented native american and their way of life 
historic images show native american way of life 
rt from 1907 to 1930 , edward s . curtis documented native american tribes and their way of life https://… 
some native americans lived like this - some native americans lived like this 
how some native americans lived 100 year ago 
historic images of native american life 
how native americans lived 
for everyone celebrating thanksgiving , remember to thank the natives who had to give up their way of life so you ... 
photos showing around 1903 
always interesting ... 
very cool captures . historic images show way of life 
historic images by edward curtis show native american way of life 
how native americans lived 100 years ago 
these edward curtis photographs are amazing 
the photographer edward s . curtis spent three decades documenting the lives of native americans , in the early 1900s . 
historic images reveal native way of life 
an amazing collection of edward curtis images . 
gives context to the ruthless savages portrayed in pulp fiction , doesn't it ? 
honored to have such a profound and moving show at the taft this past summer . 
amazing images of life . they were here first ... 
love this piece on today on native americans , especially since i'm part cherokee . 


jeb bush : ' i would be like a caged tiger ' - 
. on being a senator : " i would be like a caged tiger " via 
i believe jeb is past his prime . i lack confidence in him to win in 2016 . 

rt officials : cell phone believed used by paris attacker recovered . contains message to effect : ok , we're ready . … 
rt officials : cell phone believed used by paris attacker found ; contains message to the effect of : ' we're ready ' - http … 

may we have permission to feature your photo ? verify here : 


rt back to the bistro ! after restaurants try to bounce back 

vladimir putin is offering a $50 million reward for information on egypt plane bombers " 

oops he did it again . dopey flubs jefferson's role in the constitution 
. flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution via 
another gotcha goes up in smoke , cnn . carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution 
carson flubs jefferson's role in the constitution 
updates carson/jefferson story to mention letters jefferson wrote and bill of rights 
updates carson/jefferson story to mention letters and bill of rights 
updates carson/jefferson story to mention the letters jefferson wrote and the bill of rights with 
rt cnnpolitics : . realbencarson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution vi … 
rt carson flubs jefferson's role in the constitution 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution dr ben is a dangerousperson not pres material 
so , no comment from the media on obama and the 57 states . 
carson flubs thomas jefferson oh dear god this man is such an idiot ! every time he opens his mouth 
might think muslims can't be president but i don't think we should allow people who don't know history 

man builds plane using youtube , will fly it to his own wedding 
man to fly plane , homemade with help , to wedding . by 
this is the story of a young , determined ethiopian to see his dreams fly . literally . 
love makes u do crazy ~ jg firs t-t ime flier to pilot homemade plane to wedding 
in future news : a guy died in a crash on the way to his wedding , in a first-flight of his … 
groom builds plane , flies to wedding 
brilliant !!! man builds plane using youtube 
i wish this man much success ! 
nothing should ever stop us to pursue our dreams ! 
told he's too short for flight school , ethiopian man builds own airplane : " i am very sure that i will fly . " 
aiming high : ethiopian public health grad “ too short ” to be a pilot , builds own airplane from scratch . 

newborn found buried alive 
rt newborn found buried alive alongside los angeles area walking path - cnn fail 
newborn found under asphalt 
thanks be to god for the women who found her ! - newborn found buried alive alongside la walking path 
man this some bullshit man 
kinda ironic after a plan parenthood gets shot up . 
lapd deputies rescue newborn buried alive alongside la area walking path via 
dear god almighty , people suck . 
compton , not la & baby is black . another tale . seems ghetto blacks don't think 
under this administration this is acceptable-kill babies born or unborn . 
wow . next time leave the baby on my door . no questions asked . just stop leaving babies in a ditch ! 
good god . who would do something like this ? 
guess this life didn't matter . 
what a tender picture . 
are right about young people will always find a solution on their own without help . 
this seriously is so fucking messed up . i seriously don't get people . if you don't want your baby adopt them out ... 
newborn buried alive alongside los angeles area walking path - - 
grrrrrrrr ok blood pressure out the roof 

rt 3 suspects dead , 3 officers hurt after police raid in suburb , official tells cnn … 

from new york to tokyo , this artist recreates cities entirely out of paper 
this is absolutely incredible - cities made of paper . 
from new york to tokyo , this japanese artist recreates cities entirely out of paper 
this is amazing ! i wish i could follow her work in your app 
paper cities ?! 
from to this recreates cities entirely out of 
artist makes tiny cities out of paper - 
neat ! matsui created tokyo based on memories from her youth , growing up in the city during the 1980s . check out ... 
amazing miniature cities made of paper and glue - 
incredible : cities constructed entirely from ... 

ntl reaches out to youth via & are you ? 
coming to college football via snapchat - 
cruz buys ads on snapchat for thanksgiving football 
rt cruz buys ads on snapchat for thanksgiving football 
first on cnn : buys ads on for thanksgiving football game attendees 
if you're on at the game you'll probably see a ad : 
heading to a sec football game on saturday ? if so , check out the ads on ( via 
ted cruz would like a word with you youngins in sec primary states this weekend . 
love this - buys ads on snapchat for thanksgiving football 
cruz buys ads on snapchat for thanksgiving football this guy knows social media well 
cruz makes the move on snapchat 

i would pay handsomely to read philip roth's dispatches from the sumner redstone hearings . 
competency of viacom billionaire sumner redstone questioned in court 
competency of viacom billionaire sumner redstone questioned in court - cnn 
rt competency of viacom billionaire sumner redstone questioned in court 
competency of viacom billionaire questioned in court 

eagles of death metal praise fans ' heroism in first interview since bataclan attack 
bataclan singer : ' gunfire got closer ... it just didn't stop ' 
eagles of death metal talk about attack . 
eagles of death metal talk about paris attack 
praise fans ' heroism in first interview since attack 
eagles of death metal praise fan's heroism in first interview since bataclan attack 

airport workers strike for $15 an hour - cnn 
rt breaking : workers at on strike to protest unfair labor practices 
rt thousands of airport workers across the u.s. are going on strike tonight . 

chicago protest target 
i agree . though some of the advice , such a defund the police department , is reckless and overreaching . another ... 
protesters disrupted chicago shopping 
rt crowds march on chicago's michigan ave for laquan mcdonald on by https://… 
protesters disrupt chicago shopping , ask feds to probe mcdonald killing 
rt chicago's black leaders ask us justice department to probe laquan mcdonald killing . 
chicago protesters hit luxury area 
protesters ask feds toprobe how about trying wallstreet ?? your ass would be locked up faster than rabbits fuck ! 
protesterschicago worried about life , but first thing you do is go out and destroy !!! 
protesters disrupt chicago on black friday 
protesters disrupt chicago shopping corridor , ask feds to probe mcdonald killing 
cnn says black friday protestors ' hit luxury area ' because cnn reporters know black people . they hit you . 
disrupt shopping corridor , ask feds to probe mcdonald killing 
protesters march on luxury corridor , allege a city cover-up of a video of teenager laquan mcdonald's ... 
rt queensicez : protesters disrupt chicago shopping corridor , ask feds to probe mcdonald k … 
laquan mcdonald's killing : black leaders seek fed probe - 
rt protesters disrupt chicago's shopping corridor and ask feds to probe mcdonald killing 
protesters disrupt chicago shopping corridor , ask feds 2 probe killing 
black friday is full of racial protest due to killing of laquan mcdonald protest states they shall march until ... 
laquan mcdonald's killing : blacks should protest young men who father kids & abandon them . & black on black deaths . 

the husband of paris victim tells isis : you can't make me hate 
i can't even ... 

mali attack : night patrol in heart of bamako 
on the night patrol in mali - 
on the night patrol in the heart of 


