issues 
u.s. issues worldwide travel alert due to terror concerns 
wait .. wait .. but i thought our inept said was contained . how does that correlate to this ? 
this should b ur pinned tweet provided u really give a damn bout american lives 
be safe . be vigilant . beware . 
pleadr be careful !! 
if you're traveling ( flying ) for thanksgiving be alert .. don't take it lightly . the russian plane that went down ... 
a thick fog of state department fear-mongering : " exercise vigilance when in public places or using transportation . " 
rt worldwide travel warning ! to all my friends traveling ... report any suspicious activity . be safe everyone ! … 
1 . " isis is contained " friday morning . 2 . paris . friday night . 3 . " live your life " . yesterday 4 . " jk . lol .... 
if you plan to travel , please be careful .... 

explosions heard in paris suburb , site of raid hunting for suspects in paris attacks . 









cnn's 2015 hero of the year : maggie doyne - 
rt cnn 2015 hero of the year maggie doyne helps women , children in nepal 
2015 cnn hero of the year maggie doyne helps women , children in nepal . 
cnn hero of the year helps women , children in nepal 
2015 cnn hero of the year maggie doyne helps women , children in nepal . absolutely amazing person . 
check out 2015 of the year maggie doyne who helps women , children in 
this coming week reach out to your hero and tell them how proud you are of them . maggie job well done . 
shows there really is more love than hate 
rt cnn 2015 hero of the year : new jersey's maggie doyne , who started women’s center , school , children’s home in nepal . … 
in case you missed it , our friend is the 2015 cnn hero of the year . thrilled ! 
rt the power to create the world we want to live in-2015 cnn hero of the year https://… 
rt congratulations to maggie doyne on becoming the 2015 cnn hero of the year ! after a backpacking trip to nepal ,... … 
it's our privilege k maggie awarded with cnn heron ward while doing service in nepal .. congratulation ,,! 
jody farley-berens of voted top 10 congratulations ! 
icymi : cnn hero of yr not rev . joyner , who remains tops w/ nccf . he's in good co tho . tune in dec . 6 for show . 
i still have faith in humanity after this story . in times of need , we should reach out . 
congratulations to new jersey's own maggie doyne ! 
congratulations to maggie doyne for getting the hero of the year award ! 💪 
maggie doyne 2015 cnn hero helps nepal's women , children wrote abt her in 2010 
a big heart can take you a long way ! congrats to blinknow winning the cnn hero of the year . 
congratulations to mendham's very own for winning hero of the year ! so well-deserved . 
powerful 
' we have the power to create the world that we want to live in , ' she says 
fellow new jerseyian maggie doyne shows us what a home grown hero looks like ! congrats maggie ! 
rt congratulations to pro bono client & founder of for being named by https : … 

rt at least 31 killed , 72 hurt in bomb blast in nigerian city of yola , local red cross official says . 
what's going on in nigeria is beyond sorrowful ; no word can actually described the lamentable situation that ... 
bomb blasts in yola and kano , nigeria , - 
two bomb attacks in 24 hours -- one of them involving an 11-year-old female bomber -- killed dozens of people and ... 
police : bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
rt let's be sure to lift up the as fiercely as we lift up 
bomb blast kills dozens in nigerian city of yola - 
police : suicide bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market - cnn 
why do people keep posting that these horrors are not being reported by the major news media ... 
did you know about this ? world wide 
please pray for nigeria . 
after hearing about the 1-year old suicide bomber in nigeria , maybe should worry about kids ? 
tuns of reactions were seen after the paris attack in the social media . none was seen for this 
where is the coverage of the bombings in nigerian cities that occurred this week ? they deserve help & prayers too ! 
police : bombers , one of them 11 , target market 
explosion in nigeria , one of the bombers was 11 girl . killed dozens and wounded more that 120 
police : bombers , one of them an 11 year-old girl target nigeria market 
here : and here : 
they need your prayers too . bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
don't have to worry about kids being terrorists . think again , bozo : bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
omg ... what is happening in this world . why are people doing this in the name of religion ? these are not ... 
mixed feelings on this one . what do we do when we see a child who is a terrorist 
caribbean american passport extends sympathy to the families of those injured and killed in yesterday's senseless ... 
it's terrible that someone as young as 11 can be convinced to do something this horrific 
in case julie hasn't seen this , children are now suicide bombers : 
wasn't that on the 18th ? ( that is , mali is pushing it out of the news cycle ) 
it's a sad reality that young children are involved in such awful things 
kano , nigeria : 2 suicide bombers , including 11 year old girl , kill 15 , injure 123 at a phone market 

mali hotel attack : president calls for unity to fight terror 
mali hotel attack : president calls for unity to fight terrorism 
rt cnnbrk : mali hotel attack : president calls for unity to fight terror 
mali hotel tack : president calls for unity to fight terror " 
gunmen shot ' anything that moved ' 
hotel attack : calls for unity to fight terror - 

rt brother of at-large paris attack suspect urges him to call police , reports . 


rt " strong presumption " that a 2nd person linked to the paris attacks is at large , source close to probe says . … 
officers shot and wounded during raid seeking suspect in paris terrorist attacks , cnn affiliate bfmtv reports . 
rt witnesses report gunfire in paris suburb 
rt german police say they've made 5 arrests in operations linked to paris attacks . 
32 photos : paris terror attacks 32 photos : paris terror attacks ... 
rt before paris attacks , france and allies tried to target isis member believed to have planned attack , source says . … 
more attacks in france ... 
brother of suspect salah abdeslam : surrender 
heavy gunfire in suburb of paris 
police say raid underway in paris suburb as witnesses report gunfire 
gunfire reported amid police raid in saint-denis , near paris - 
rt police officers shot & wounded during raid seeking suspect in paris terrorist attacks , cnn affiliate bfmtv reports . http … 
aftermath : brother's message to suspect being sought : surrender 
first , police raid paris suburb , heavy gunfire - h/t 


multiple people injured after shooting at new orleans park . 
17 injured in new orleans shooting 
thoughts and prayers to those affected in the new orleans shooting . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured god told you everyday this week until the dismember 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park 
rt police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped … 
rt 16 people shot by thugs in new orleans in 1 nite and we r worried about isis ? go figure ! 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped this 
seventeen people were shot in new orleans in a crowded park . 
why worry about americans shoot at themselves . hundreds of witnesses , very few speak out . 
17 injured in park shooting in new orleans . 
how horrible ! 
if blacks reported criminals , america would be a completely different place . 
16 injured in new orleans shooting 
police seek witnesses after shootout at crowded park - someone knows something . come on !! 
" police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout " at bunny friend park " hundreds of witnesses " 😞 
more 
if you see nothing , explain how you are not part of the problem . 
i love my hometown . stop the violence . 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in new orleans // 
breaking news that just occurred in louisiana 
what's up with 
why are mass shooting becoming so popular ? 16 dead at a music video shoot . 
shooting in new orleans leaves many injured 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in 😔 
new orleans it would be astonishing to go a day or two without killings 
of course the people were not terrified and this is not terrorism 
the shooting at a new orlean park left 16 injured . 700 ppl were gathered at the park 

$21m jewel heist biggest ' in legal history , ' lawyer says 
jewel heist so big it makes history 
$21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says 
rt $21 million hatton garden heist " the largest burglary in english legal history . " or garden varie … 
$21m hatton garden jewel heist biggest ' in english legal history , ' lawyer says 
" $21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says " did you see this ? 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( $21m london jewel heist biggest " in english legal history , " lawyer says ... 
rt largest jewel heist in england goes to trial . youngest member of the gang ? 42 . ( ht 
$21m hatton garden jewel heist biggest ' in english legal history .... straight out of a james bond film .. 
$21 million hatton garden heist " the largest burglary in english legal history . " or garden variety cybercrime 





rt oct ' 15 was the warmest oct on record and the warmest month ever recorded relative to the month's average temp . < https … 
rt this october was the warmest on record , noaa data shows . 7 months in 2015 have been warmest ever . 
report : global temperature hike already halfway to ' two degree warming ' limit 
read 2 fast on 2 degrees , only 1/2way there … 
my bad , skimmed it , said 1/2 there … 
report : global temperature rise already halfway to ' two degree warming ' limit - 
global temperatures hit record high 
earth is nearing the ' danger zone ' 
like in my last tweet , we need to stop this before we are all doomed 
not related to race but this is a growing problem in today's world . light should be shed 
7 months this year have been hottest on record 
global temps hit new high 
world temperature is at its highest point ever , already halfway to the danger zone for our climate . 
global hike already halfway to ' two degree warming ' limit 
october was the hottest month ever , we're already halfway to the degree warning limit 
honors and cp spanish 3 ... what we have been talking about in class ( in english ) . 
rt oct'15 the warmest oct on record , the warmest month recorded relative to the month's av . temp . 




rt house speaker paul ryan calls for a " pause " in syrian refugee program 
. calls for a pause on the syria refugee program via 
paul ryan , said , take religion , out the equation . ? let's have a koch and a pause . let's be cowardly in our ... 
paul ryan calls for pause in refugee program 
paul ryan calls for pause in program 
. speakerryan calls for a pause on the syria refugee program … 
speaker paul ryan calls for a " pause " on the syrian refugee program . " we cannot let ... 
another 
" o'er the land of the free and the home of the . . . better safe than sorry ? " 
let's hope he has the balls to get this passed ! 

charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . 
" charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . " just too brave 




authorities carry out raids in belgium leading to the arrests of 16 people . 

rt nbc to give 4 gop candidates free ad time to compensate for time given to trump on ‘ snl . ’ … 
rt kasich , huckabee , graham & gilmore each get 12 minutes of cumulative nbc ad time in ia , nh , sc over fri & sat nights https : … 
trump's gop rivals get ' equal time ' on nbc via pataki declines ; probably seeking " polit consultant " title 
fuck fuck - rt nbc to give 4 gop candidates free ad time to compensate 
trump's gop rivals get ' equal time ' on nbc november 23 - cnnmoney 




early election results place mauricio macri in the lead in argentina's election . 

rt a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in recent months . 
isis books & gifts in denver is vandalized . 
here's your weekend edition of " things bigoted , ignorant idiots do " 
low-iq squad vandalized " isis " bookstore--can't read/comprehend societal basics themselves 
wrong isis : bookstore vandalized 
denver store named isis is vandalized . . . as a stupid hateful fuck believes terrorists have their own bookstore . . 
denver bookstore named isis is vandalized 
either she's really dumb or a terrible business-woman ... or both . solution : change the name of your store . 
ok folks there are 270 business/product with isis name attached they are not affiliated with the terrorist ... 
how ignorant can you be ? 
isis books & gifts , a local new age store , vandalized . it's named after the ancient egyptian goddess isis , folks ! 
more than 270 businesses and products have isis in their trademarks 
what happens when your trademark is adopted by a terrorist organization ? via 
please start calling --> 
bookstore in denver vandalized because of its name . 
denver's isis bookstore vandalized 
please tell me the ' people ' who did this have voluntarily locked the door behind them to our gene pool . 
book store in targeted 
oh dear . “ a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in recent months 
“ a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in recent months . ” 
rt lol rt denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in recent months ht … 




french president hollande says he'll ask lawmakers to extend state of emergency by 3 months . 






' jihadi john ' associate arrested 
associate on his way to europe was arrested in turkey 
associate on his way to was arrested in - 
jihadi john associate arrested in turkey - 
our terrorist pal is fortunate we don't behead people . jihadi john associatewas arrested in turkey 

. 9/11 claim widely disputed . 



paris prosecutor is reporting on today's raids in saint-denis . watch live : 


rt cia director john brennan says u.s. should welcome refugees , but he's evaluating how to strengthen screening . … 
cia chief wants to strengthen refugee screening 
chief wants to strengthen refugee screening are playing into agenda 
the cia chief says he wants to strengthen refugee screening via 
the cia chief says he wants to strengthen refugee screening … 
rt cia director brennan says u.s. should welcome refugees , but he's evaluating screening . 


passenger restrained during flight to boston 
passenger restrained during british airways flight to boston : 
boston british airways passenger restrained - 
passenger allegedly tried to open an exit door ! ~ jo ... 

authorities carry out raids in belgium leading to the arrests of 16 people . " 
brussels remains under highest terror alert amid warning of ' imminent threat ' # 
multiple raids in brussels as police seek isis terrorists 
16 arrested in anti-terror raids 
belgian police arrest 16 , but isis ringleader still on the run 

