' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city 
one wheel 
no hoverboard-like gadgets in the park ? " they're considered vehicles , and vehicles can't be driven on sidewalks . " 
| ' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city via 
' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city - cnn 
i farm inside a used shipping container via 
how to get your weirdest ideas manufactured in the u.s. via 
no more ' hoverboard ' 😢 
seriously ? get the fuck outta here . 
retw bmessi13 : rt chandler_rome : so someone's going to have to break the news to ben simmons and company before ne … 
so someone's going to have to break the news to ben simmons and company before next week . 
4 holidays r now n 
retw chandler_rome : so someone's going to have to break the news to ben simmons and company before next week . 
are illegal in via 
seems hover boards are already being banned 
lmao 50 bucks ? 
any chance we could get conway to follow suit ? i see these stupid things everywhere - city roads incl 
are in new york city november 18 - cnnmoney 
check before you buy one . illegal in new york city via cnnmoney 
it's official : ' hoverboards ' are now illegal in via 
wow , government just gets worse every day : ' hoverboards ' illegal in new york city via 
really ? 😒 
yes . " hoverboards , " aka douchemobiles , are now illegal in nyc ! 
ny state dmv told me fines are up to $50 on the 2nd violation 
money cnn technology hoverboard nyc illegal index 

rt at least 31 killed , 72 hurt in bomb blast in nigerian city of yola , local red cross official says . 
what's going on in nigeria is beyond sorrowful ; no word can actually described the lamentable situation that ... 
bomb blasts in yola and kano , nigeria , - 
two bomb attacks in 24 hours -- one of them involving an 11-year-old female bomber -- killed dozens of people and ... 
police : bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
rt let's be sure to lift up the as fiercely as we lift up 
bomb blast kills dozens in nigerian city of yola - 
police : suicide bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market - cnn 
why do people keep posting that these horrors are not being reported by the major news media ... 
did you know about this ? world wide 
please pray for nigeria . 
after hearing about the 1-year old suicide bomber in nigeria , maybe should worry about kids ? 
tuns of reactions were seen after the paris attack in the social media . none was seen for this 
where is the coverage of the bombings in nigerian cities that occurred this week ? they deserve help & prayers too ! 
police : bombers , one of them 11 , target market 
explosion in nigeria , one of the bombers was 11 girl . killed dozens and wounded more that 120 
police : bombers , one of them an 11 year-old girl target nigeria market 
here : and here : 
they need your prayers too . bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
don't have to worry about kids being terrorists . think again , bozo : bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
omg ... what is happening in this world . why are people doing this in the name of religion ? these are not ... 
mixed feelings on this one . what do we do when we see a child who is a terrorist 
caribbean american passport extends sympathy to the families of those injured and killed in yesterday's senseless ... 
it's terrible that someone as young as 11 can be convinced to do something this horrific 
in case julie hasn't seen this , children are now suicide bombers : 
wasn't that on the 18th ? ( that is , mali is pushing it out of the news cycle ) 
it's a sad reality that young children are involved in such awful things 
kano , nigeria : 2 suicide bombers , including 11 year old girl , kill 15 , injure 123 at a phone market 





" groundbreaking same-sex wedding takes place in ireland " 

could the government shut down over 
to show just how strongly some republican legislators feel about a strong vetting program for refugees , rep. matt ... 
in a time like this , our country should be coming together , not falling apart . 
" the fight is [] threatening [ .. ] another gov't shutdown [] as congress must pass a crucial spending bill by dec . 11 " 
this borders on is the president commiting treason by giving aid and comfort to our enimies 
house voting on bill to pause syrian refugee program , but fight moving to must-pass funding bill w/ 
" ... the fight over the [ syrian vetting ] issue is already threatening to set up another shutdown showdown in dec ... " 
could the food fight on cap hill over syrian refugee program cause a government shutdown ? story w/ -- 

. explains his opposition to admitting syrian refugees 
john kasich explains opposition to admitting syrian refugees 
" you know we understand these people are in trouble , but think about putting somebody on our street .. " 
i don't need an explanation . . 
kasich explains opposition to admitting refugees 






after paris attacks : an opportunity for assad ? - 
paris attacks may empower isis enemy assad 



2 flights from us to paris diverted because of bomb threats - cnn : 
2 air france flights diverted because of bomb threats ...... 
air france flights from us to paris diverted because of bomb threats - cnn 
2 air france flights diverted due to bomb threats 
2 air france flights from u.s. to paris diverted - 
rt two air france flights bound for paris diverted due to bomb threats . 
securities linked to travel took a fresh hit , on the heels of diversion of air france-klm flights yesterday 
how long before american football will have to be cancelled on a regular basis . 
we are relieved to hear is safe after her scary flight to europe : 
2 air france jets in emergency landings after bomb threats 
2 air france flights from us to paris diverted because of bomb … 
2 flights from u.s. to diverted because of both flights landed safely tuesday night .. 
2 air france flights from us to paris diverted because of bomb threats 
2 air france flights from us to paris diverted due to bomb threats - cnn 
air france planes diverted due to bomb threats ... one to salt lake 
2 air france flights from us diverted due to bomb threats ! comments ? ~ jo ... 
web dsign 2 air france flights diverte ... 




9 held in deadly beirut bombings 
9 people have been arrested in connection with the beirut bombings that left more than 40 dead . 
not only is it happening in paris , but all around the world . we only see what the media shows us 
inform yourself !! 
we focus on the paris bombings but this is happening in other places . we pay attention to the media only 
nine arrested in beirut bombing 
9 held in beirut bombings : 
day before aka isil attacks wounding 200 , killing 41 . too 
isis claims responsibility for beirut bombing 
9 held in deadly bombings 
9 held in deadly that killed more than 40 people and injured over 280 last thursday . 

rt multiple people injured after shooting at new orleans park . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park 
as i remember it in the 1990s . how can so much joy and art and so much violence go together ? 
police no witnesses 17 injured in shootout park if black lives really matter then speak up you know who it was 
17 injured in new orleans shooting 
says only nation where this regularly happens . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout at crowded park . in 
and ur gonna ask for a source so here you go why no ppl talk about this shit 
ya 17 blacks shot by blacks yeaterday at bunny park yet no mention on here why please explain 
why have you not mentioned the 17 blacks shotby other blks at bunny park ? doesnt fit ur narrative . 
lol did u react like this to the 17 black ppl shot at bunny park last night by other black ppl . 
are you also gonna hunt the guys that shot 17 black ppl at bunny park last night ? 
why dont u supposed supporters mention last nights massacre of blacks by blacks ? 
more 
are the black ppl who shot 17 other black ppl yesterday also terrorists . why dont u mention that ? 
why dont u pray for the 17 blacks shot in a park by other black ppl last night in new orleans ? 
black lives matter ... 
y no outrage and protests for 17 black ppl getting shot by other blacks 
why are u not mentioned the 17 black ppl shot in a park last night by other blk ppl 
16 injured in new orleans shooting 
thoughts and prayers to those affected in the new orleans shooting . 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured god told you everyday this week until the dismember 
rt police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped … 
rt 16 people shot by thugs in new orleans in 1 nite and we r worried about isis ? go figure ! 
police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout -no doubt a background check would've stopped this 
seventeen people were shot in new orleans in a crowded park . 
why worry about americans shoot at themselves . hundreds of witnesses , very few speak out . 
17 injured in park shooting in new orleans . 
how horrible ! 
if blacks reported criminals , america would be a completely different place . 
police seek witnesses after shootout at crowded park - someone knows something . come on !! 
" police seek witnesses after 17 injured in shootout " at bunny friend park " hundreds of witnesses " 😞 
if you see nothing , explain how you are not part of the problem . 
i love my hometown . stop the violence . 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in new orleans 
breaking news that just occurred in louisiana 
what's up with 
why are mass shooting becoming so popular ? 16 dead at a music video shoot . 
shooting in new orleans leaves many injured 
shooting breaks out at music video being filmed in 😔 

" new campaign ad mentions " 
new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions 

5 things you need to know about russian jet shot down by turkey 
5 things to know about russian jet shot down by turkey 
5 things you need to know about shot down by turkey - 
5 things to know about turkey downed a russian war jet 
russian president vladimir putin says the downing of the jet is a " a stab in the back by the terrorists ' ... 
5 things you need to know about jet shot down by 
5 things you need to know about the russian jet shot down by turkey 

rt . it's difficult to prove refugees are christian 
. realdonaldtrump : it's difficult to prove refugees are christian 
remember ? 👇 " it's difficult to prove refugees are christian " 
smh ... " it's difficult to prove refugees are christian " 




news : russia says bomb brought down jet in sinai , offers $50 million reward - cnn | details : 
russia offers $50 million reward in sinai jet crash case 
this does deserve to be known and out there . 
weeks after isis bombed russian jet , putin really takes the bull by the horns & offers a reward for info . 
putin is the new ' chuck norris ' ... 
putin offers $50m reward for those responsible for bomb of russian plane . expect body bags to be filled soon . 
russian official : 2-pound bomb brought down metrojet plane over sinai - cnn 
russia says that is responsible for plane crash that killed 224 of their citizens in egypt . 
russian plane crash : $50m reward for information - 
$50m reward for information on russian plane crash - 
russia offers $50 million reward in sinai jet crash case ( cnn ) 
top story : russian metrojet crash bomb - see more ... 
russia offers $50 million reward in sinai jet crash case future of middle east 
$50 million . rt offers $50 million reward in sinai jet crash case . 
offers $50 million reward in bombing contained approx 1 kilogram ( 2.2 pounds ) of explosives 
the quezada post russian metrojet crash bomb - see more 

rt charlie sheen to " today " : i've paid millions to people who extorted me over hiv diagnosis . … 
we know that when charlie sheen admitted that he is hiv-positive , bill had kittens 
charlie sheen says he is hiv-positive 
charlie sheen says he is hiv-positive wow , charlie sheen 
rt charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . 
txmo news update : charlie sheen says he is hiv-positive - 
man ! who else missed out on the secret ??! 💸💸 
" to eradicate hiv once and for all , we must first eradicate the stigma attached to it . stigma prevents people ... 
is brave to admit that he is hiv-positive 
15 photos : charlie sheen through the years 15 photos : charlie ... 
so charlie sheen's hiv positive ... go figure 
rt via cnn breaking news : charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . … 
charlie sheen says he's hiv-positive - 
stay strong ♥ 
hope this doesn't hurt his image . charlie sheen hiv-positive 
and this made the national news because ...? 
he is awesome ! 


names released of officers involved in shooting ; latest updates : 







cnn politics sen. bernie sanders ' long-awaited speech on democratic socialism has been s … 
bernie sanders sets socialism speech date 
democratic socialism , soon in bernie sanders ' own words - 
. sets socialism speech date to compete with via 
sanders sets socialism speech date to compete with clinton 
bernie will explain what democratic socialism is , and his views moving forward . for all who are scared of this ... 
rt bernie sanders sets socialism speech date - 
sets dem socialism speech date to compete with so she can 
heads up . sets socialism speech date ( tomorrow ? ) to compete with hillary clinton 
if this guy gets in we'll all wear sack-cloth in the end . i guess that could be counted as one form of equality ! 
sanders sets speech date to compete with clinton 
. sets the date for his socialism speech — same day as foreign policy address : 



authorities gave the all-clear in diverted air france flights : 
rt cnn : authorities gave the all-clear in diverted air france flights : via cnnmoney 
cnnmoney : rt cnn : authorities gave the all-clear in diverted air france flights : 
rt cnn : authorities gave the all-clear in diverted air france flights : … 



enough with the french flag logo 
" enough with the french flag facebook logo " 
be careful of the national identity you perpetuate by posting the french colors- 
enough with the french facebook logo 
i have to disagree with the author on this opinion piece . i have french blood , and will not ever forget this time ... 
did you really mistakenly call nyc as gotham ?? 
opinion : enough with french flag facebook logo - 
giving them this is props for more to come . 
opinion : drop that facebook logo 
enough with the flag logo 
retweet if yoiu agree , enough with the french flag facebook profile pics link : 
over trivializing the french tri-colour . stop it 
if you’re an american w/ a facebook french profile pic , wow , what a true patriot ! now , on to cat videos . harsh ? 
i can't disagree with this . also , no one changed to russia or beirut's flag ... " enough with the french flag fb logo " 
" an american with a french facebook flag demeans the war on terror and is as effective as a smiley face . " 
why you shouldn't tri color your social media profile pictures 
another core component of american and french democracy is freedom of expression | 
interesting read . 
why your tricolor support doesn't mean shit . 
american leadership needs to translate the requirements for the war on terror from symbols to tangible action . 
james mulvaney doesn't agree with your profile pics , you guys , so , you know , better switch them back now . 
i couldn't agree more . people need to actually help , not just bandwagon on social media . 
" i am not going to tricolor my face " : james mulvaney writes that the logo trivializes the war on terror 
i'm keeping my tricolor facebook ! you can shove it and go back to your " careless " life ! 
agreed . proves again why it's a mistake to expect deep thoughts from anyone on facebook . 
i totally agree ! 
wtf is this guys problem , tell me what you think ... 
in case you didn't have enough poutrage in your daily diet . 





rt 129 people died in these are the names of the victims we know so far : … 
rt cnn : 129 people died in these are the names of the victims we know so far : … 


rt the will hold a call with governors tonight to discuss 
cnn : the whitehouse will hold a call with governors tonight to discuss ( v … 


new footage shows warplane crashing in syria 
shows jet crashing 
putin calls plane's downing by turkey ' stab in the back ' one of the world's most volatile regions was roiled ... 
cnn : russian plane violated turkey airspace 10 times ... warned ... pilot ejected . 
rt clancyreports : cnn : russian plane violated turkey airspace 10 times ... warned ... pilot ejected . 
video shows 

how ' glaring ' intelligence failures allowed a second bout of terror in paris 
' glaring ' france's intelligence failures 
paris terror : how french intelligence failed - 
france's ' glaring ' intelligence failures 
glaring intelligence failure let in terrorists 
paris attack demonstrates massive intelligence failures 

. josh earnest defends " setback " remarks 
. presssec josh earnest defends potus's " setback " remarks 


rt poll : most americans oppose resettling in the u.s. 


. taps into deep republican anger at government 
overwhelming majority of americans ( 72% of democrats & 89% of republicans ) don't trust da gummint 
so dems are content with status quo in/out of u.s. ? it's just republicans who recognize downward spiral for america ? 
donald trump taps into deep republican anger at government 
taps into deep anger at govt . how is that new news ? unlike who might actually vote4 him😯 
poll shows how angry the gop is at government 
rt pew : americans have never been this angry . anger is good . anger is necessary . only through anger comes change . https://… 
will makeamericagreatagain 
leftist anti-gov't ( anti-cop ) terrorism is ongoing in us cities yet & of publish this . 
this is no longer funny . or totally hillarious . either way u guys may end up with potus trump 
america is pretty & the is just waking up 2 the depth of that 
these numbers are stunning but not surprising . the republican party created these people , coddled and encouraged ... 
poll : here's how angry the gop is 
poll : here's how angry the gop is : donald doesn't have to tap into anything . people are sick of lawyer speak & lies 
on a scale of 1-10 , how mad are you at our current government ? 
cnn released an article saying 74% receptive to a third party . go for it !! 
donald trump taps into deep gop anger at government - - ... 
pew poll : trump , rubio , cruz , carson tap into the deep republican anger at government 
89% reps & 72% dems don't govt wonder how much of this is fallout from revelations ? 

survivor details horrors inside concert hall 
touching testimony of a survivor , describing how love wins it all , 
paris attack survivor isobel bowdery details horrors 
paris survivor thought she was going to die in concert hall . very moving story . 
this is , without a doubt , the most incredible interview i've ever seen . 
" i wanted the people i loved to win , and to know they blessed me with an incredible life . " 
" i didn't want them to win " powerful interview , couple tells how they survived paris concert attack 
her story of survival was read by millions on facebook , now hear her horrific account from inside bataclan . 
moving testimony by a young couple who survived the bataclan theatre attack in paris . interview by 
' like a nightmare ' survivor details horrors in hall 
an uplifting interview with a very loving couple that survived the " horror night " at the bataclan . bowdery spoke ... 
one courageous and stoic couple . 
this interview anderson cooper did with survivors of the paris terrorist attacks is absolutely incredible 
it's not the possessions or money you think about when near death , it's the people . please watch until the end . 
incredible account of a survivor who was inside the theater on friday 
someone did finally talk to isobel bowdery about her night at the bataclan 

rt . slams gop for suggesting that refugees coming from syria pose a security threat … 

back to the bistro ! paris restaurants try to bounce back 
back to the bistro ! paris restaurants try to bounce back 来自 
back to the bistro ! paris restaurants try to bounce back via 
back to the bistro ! paris restaurants try to bounce back - cnn 

new charlie hebdo defiant cover : " screw " the terrorists 

prosecutors : photos show teen disposing of teacher's body - 
truly a case that screams justice for the victim . execution is not cruel enough for this killer . 
teen ' dumped body ' after rape , murder of teacher 
photos show teen allegedly disposing of body 
ok then . 


rt debunked : what social media got wrong about the 
cnn : debunked : what social media got wrong about the 
debunked : what social media got wrong about the … 

isis video threatens france , italy , u.s. 
isis video threatens new york city - 
rt cnn is isis's de facto publicity arm . any time some fanatic in raqqa farts or coughs , cnn cranks up the fear factor . htt … 
this should be taken seriously but this could just as easily be a distraction of our attention .. 
new isis video threatens france , italy , us - 
sure hope he does not have to eat those words .. 
new video threatens 
new video new york city via 
new daesh video threatens france , italy , u.s. jihadist lunatics are waging world war . 
threat : mayor : ' new york city will not be intimidated ' 
rt retweeted max blumenthal ( cnn is isis's de facto publicity arm . any time some fanatic in raqqa ... https :/ … 

the inconvenient truth : there's no easy military answer to war on 

cnn says you are dumb . not 81% in this but majority . 
poll : most americans oppose resettling in the u.s. 
poll : americans oppose syrian refugees in u.s. 
well this is disturbing & shows some serious lack of understanding . 
when will you stop " ruling " against the will of we the people ? 
poll : americans oppose syrian refugees in us . 
once again , president rams plan down us citizens throats . americans oppose syrian refugees in u.s. 
most americans are siding with republicans on restricting cnn : 
keep out of this country ! americans don't want them ! 
poll : most of us doesn't want from : cnn 
oppose in u.s. - cnn 
so much for us being christian . a lie . 
poll : americans oppose in u.s. 
it's things like this that are misleading . polling 628 is nowhere near representative of the us population . 

suspect arrested in new orleans shooting caught on video 
suspect arrested in new orleans shooting on video 
god is real . 
great ! congrats to new orleans p.d. for the quick arrest . 👍 
arrest in shooting caught on video 
i can't believe this poor black boy was arrested ! he dindu nuffin wrong ! 
the lesson in this story is that if you intervene , you must use maximum force to control the situation . 
remind me again why it's wrong to put down animals like this . suspect arrested in new orleans shooting 
dramatic video shows hero , peter gold , 25 , tulane univ . med-student being shot by thug in new orleans . gold survived 
check this out : 
this young man is a hero . he probably saved this woman's life . you rock 
video : robber's gun jams after shooting victim/good samaritan . 
there is a god . 

french soccer fans find unity in english arms 

trump faces challenge on eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
. faces challenges on his eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
trump faces challenge on eligibility for the nh ballot 
wants this . tell him ur thoughts faces challenge on eligibility on nh ballot 
is pushing this . tell him ur thoughts trump faces challenge on eligibility for nh ballot 
wants this . tell him ur thoughts trump faces challenge on eligibility on nh ballot 
stop it faces challenge on eligibility for the new hampshire ballot 
trump took an oath and signed a pledge to the challenge on eligibility for the nh ballot 
donald trump faces challenges on his eligibility for the new hampshire ballot - 
may not actually make it on to the republican ballot in new hampshire 
republican candidate donald # trump faces challenge on eligibility for the new ballot 
eligibility for republican ballot to be challenged , hearing planned for tuesday - 

from new york to tokyo , this artist recreates cities entirely out of paper 
amazing miniature cities made of paper and glue - 
incredible : cities constructed entirely from ... 

. explains opposition to admitting 
. johnkasich explains opposition to admitting 

rt more than half the nation's governors say syrian refugees not welcome 
more than half the nation's governors say refugees not welcome via 

6 dead in texas campsite attack ; suspect in custody 
“ 6 dead in texas campsite attack ; suspect in custody ” i swore this was roy 
cnn : 6 dead in texas campsite attack ; suspect in custody ( via ) 






photos of the downed jet 
photos of crash 
turkey-syria border : russian warplane crashes - 
😸 russian navy grapples with russian threats to undersea cables - navytimes 😸 😿 

rt more than half the nation's governors -- 27 states -- say they oppose letting syrian refugees into their states … 
syrian refugees not welcome ... : 
rt land of the free & the home of the brave [*] . [*] some exceptions apply . offer not valid in tx , la , al , ms , ga … … 
the refusing state governors have a very well founded argument . because of the state of the world the " we love ... 
hall of the nations governors oppose letting minority group syrian refugees in the us 
rt after paris attacks , syrian refugees shunned over terror fears - 
refugees not welcome then what to do with them all ? the world should create a for them . 
u.s. states say they won't admit syrian refugees 
rt 26 say not welcome http … 
rt at least 15 states say they won't admit syrian refugees 
rt ( cnn ) states that will accept colorado , delaware , pennsylvania , vermont , washington . more at … 
makes no sense why they can't take syrian refugee when we took iraq refugee 
i agree 100% with all these states refusing the refugees . i think its too much of a risk to our country . 
" virtually no vetting- there are no databases in syria , no government records . we don't know who these people are . " 
mi gov : mi is welcoming state & proud of immigration history . but 1st priority is protecting safety of residents . 
rt governors of alabama , michigan say their states won't accept refugees from syria . 
thanks , i looked and cnn has reported 31 : although in some less known sites the number is higher . 
syrian refugees not welcome in 31 u.s. states - 
rt . about governors refusing to accept in their states : … 
why do we allow immigrants into this country but not refugees 
into usa nor any country refugees can be absorbed by other ... 
states reject refugees 
most refugees are regular people trying to escape isis !! the children ! i'm horrified and saddened . 
rt after paris attacks , syrian refugees shunned in u.s. - 
not sure what it means to live in a grey state , seems i should live in a yellow state ... 
good grief , us governors … don't you remember who we are ? " give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses ... 
shame on those governors !! useless .... 
rt piece on us states refusing syrian refugees after recent events could be a good topic for projects https://… 
more than half of the states in the u.s are refusing to accept syrian refugees . 
us governors refusal of syrian refugees following tragedy in paris is evidence of intense islamophobia . 
.. should we take care of the veterans and the homeless first or the refugees ? 
rt not going to vacation in states governed by hateful , anti-american governors . something i can do ! … 
out of the 31 states not accepting refugees , 30 align with the gop . ( nh the exception ) 
we caused the war ... we created isis and these 31 states are showing the world this ... 
but , are they listened to ? requests honored ? more than half nation's governors say syrian refugees not welcome 
rt democrat and republican governors join together against obama's policy --> https :/ … 

. don't get swayed by the gop's " fear tactics and scare mongering " 
clinton : don't get swayed by gop ' fear tactics and scare mongering ' 
president hillary rodham clinton " i want democrats to vote for me , but i want sensible republicans to vote for ... 
clinton : gop ' scare mongering ' 
as her former state department issued a world wide travel alert : rt : clinton : don't get swayed by gop care mongering ' 
clinton : don't get swayed by gop ' fe wtf hillary , no need . look at the world ? open your eyes ! 
tell the french not 2 b swayed or the belgians ! hungary is not stupid ie killary/barry ! 

rt " i would tell him to surrender " says brother of paris suspect salah abdeslam to … 
" i would tell him to surrender " says brother of paris suspect salah abdeslam to outfrontcnn … 

. endorses for president 
rt . endorses for president 
cnn : . seiu endorses hillaryclinton for president ( via ) 


husband of paris victim tells isis : you can't make me hate 
i can't even ... 
that's deep 
good read 
⚠️⚠️⚠️ important !!! ⚠️⚠️⚠️ 
defiant love is extraordinarily powerful . 
the french « la joie de vivre » . . . the celebration of life 
only husband of victim tells you can't make me hate 
hatred is the response that isis wants . violence and hatred solves nothing . 
this is a man who gets it . loses his beloved wife in the paris attacks but refuses to hate ! if he can do it , why ... 
husband of paris victim sends defiant facebook message - 
this is why i will make a trip to paris 
very powerful message from husband of paris victim to isis . " you can't make me hate " 
husband of paris victim : i will not hate you 
husband of victim tells isis he doesn't hate the reality is they don't care , they just want to kill you . 
absolutely beautiful : the husband of victim tells isis : you can't make me hate 
" you will not have my hatred .... or my son's hatred either . " 
rt powerful- hats off to this man . have much to learn of compassion from people of all faiths . " you can't make me hate " http … 
amazing response . " i will not give you the privilege of hating you " . 
the husband of paris victim tells isis : will americans take his advice . i have faith . should i 
touching story must read 
yes . the article is perfect . 
rt amazing response . 
" this little boy will affront you by being happy and free " husband of paris victim : you can't make me hate 
" i will not give you the privilege of hating you . you certainly sought it , but replying to hatred with anger ... 




mother and father of football analyst doug flutie die within an hour of each other . 
football great doug flutie loses par ... | 
our condolences to local legend doug flutie on the passing of his parents this week . 
damn . 
great loses an hour apart 
nfl great's parents die hour apart 
did you hear this crazy story about doug flutie ? both of his parents died within the same hour today . 
my heart goes out to my childhood hero re : loss of his parents " no eye has seen , no ear has ... 1cor 2:9 " 
doug flutie's parents die within an hour of each other : " they say you can die of a broken heart and i believe it " 



rt . to blame for says starwood capital ceo 
. potus to blame for says starwood capital ceo 



rt publishes photo of what it says is bomb that downed russian plane 

rt honduran police detain 5 syrians over fake passports 
rt cc " honduran police detain 5 syrians over fake passports … 
rt “ honduran police detain 5 syrians over fake passports ” 


texas seeks a delay in the obama administration's immigration case at 
texas seeks delay in obama supreme court immigration case in bid to run out clock on this white house 
texas attorney general , ken paxton , requests a 30-day extension to file a reply brief to on case 
texas playing politics , seeks delay in obama immigration case at 
texas seeks a delay in obama administration's immigration case at via 
texas seeks delay in obama immigration case at supreme court 
texas seeks delay in scotus immigration case - 
rt just in : will hear immigration case this term ? maybe not : 
yday texas + 25 states said they needed more time to file immigration brief doj said it would oppose delay : 
texas seeks delay in immigration case at supreme court . . 
rt texas seeks a delay in the obama administration's immigration case at … 
texas seeks in case at supreme court 
seeks delay in case at supreme court - cnn 

muslims turned to social media using the hashtag to condemn 
muslims turned to social media using the hashtag notinmyname to condemn parisattacks 

rt updated number from paris prosecutor : 2 suspected terrorists killed in raid … 
cnn : updated number from paris prosecutor : 2 suspected terrorists killed in raid … 


second air france flight from u.s. to paris diverted . 
rt faa : air france flight headed from la to paris diverted due to security incident . 
2 air france flights from u.s. to paris diverted - 
2 jets were diverted after bomb threats : 
rt 2 air france flights diverted due to bomb threats 
how long will the threats last ? bomb threats on 2 flights from us to 
2 air france flights from u.s. diverted after bomb threats 

. may have aired from nyc monday night , but its heart was in paris 
. colbertlateshow may have aired from nyc monday night , but its heart was in paris 
( via ) cnn : . colbertlateshow may have aired from nyc monday night , but its heart was in p … 

before january raid , belgian counterterrorism traced calls to cell phone in greece thought to be used by abaaoud 
moroccan inteligencia was the master behind catchin abdelhamid abaaoud , suspected ringleader of paris attack 
rt who is abdelhamid abaaoud , suspected ringleader of paris attack ? 
rt france tried to kill suspected ringleader last month … 
rt breathtakingly good reporting by here : 
abdelhamid abaaoud : who is paris attacks ' ringleader' ? - 
abaaoud who was he ? 
who was abdelhamid abaaoud ? 
rt who was abdelhamid abaaoud , suspected ringleader of paris attack ? 
inside isis plot to attack heart of europe 
january firefight linked abaaoud to isis 
inside plot to heart of 
rt " he enjoys spilling the blood of infidels " [ watch ] who is abdelhamid abaaoud . https … 
new message sent at 77tny 
new message sent at iwbog 
new message sent at oicmm 
paris ringleader ' i entered europe , syria at will ' 
abdelhamid abaaoud : who is paris ' ringleader' ? - 
. weighs in on abdelhamid abaaoud , the suspected ringleader of the attacks 
who is abdelhamid abaaoud , suspected ringleader of the paris terror attack ? : 
rt outfrontcnn : france tried to kill suspected ringleader last month 


is racism on the rise ? 
rt 49% of americans say racism is a “ big problem , ” according to new cnn/kaiser family foundation poll . … 
is racism on the rise ? more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll fin come amir 
racism is a ' big problem ' to more americans , poll finds - 
is racism on the rise ? more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll fin amir come 
poll : half of us say racism a big problem 
this dumb article contributes to problems . really , make some progress with education rather than this bullshit . 
is racism on the rise ? more in u.s. ... * i agree for the most part racism has become more covert/now exasperated . 
americans who say racism is a big problem 2011 28% 2015 49% 
rt 49% : racism a big problem in us . smh . go live in america 60 or 160 yrs ago . racism then was a big problem , not 2day http … 
wow !!! such a discovery !!! 
rt . story on racism in america -- why not poll asian americans ? … 
poll news : is racism on the rise ? more in us say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds - cnn 
race in america . via 
is racism on the rise ? more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' poll finds 
. poll : 1,951 inc 501 black/500 hispanic . were asian americans ... intentionally excluded ? 
rt racism is still a big problem in america and recently , trump gave free passes for all the closet racist … 
perception or reality breaks it down . ready to see the rest of this survey . 
a look at different views of " rising racism " j2150aaf15 
it sure is ! i had someone call me a racist at my door on halloween simply because i'm white . 
we can create a more beautiful world by choicing to treat others the way we want to be treated . 
is on the rise ? more in u.s. say it's a ' big problem , ' cnn/kff poll finds 
racism is still a big problem in america and recently , trump gave free passes for all the closet racists to come out 
did we really need a poll for that one ? 
here we go again ! don't fall for this bullshit ! the main stream media is trying to start race wars among us .... 
this is dishonest fishing for responses cnn is race-bait ratings driven bullshit 
is racism becoming more or less common in the u.s. read cnn's recent poll for their take : 
how will these statistics affect your biz ? contact us today 
more people in the u.s. say racism is a " big problem , " cnn/ poll finds 


he escaped ' the beast ' of 
why i stay in baltimore 
rt he escaped ' the beast ' of 
a compelling portrait . from squeegee boy to college professor , d . watkins escaped ' the beast ' of 
great article on the inner city .... and going on to success .... enjoy 
cool article . 
great feature on on check it out here - ' the beast side ' is available now 
escaped ' the beast ' of baltimore 


rt muslim us congressman should organize muslims to fight isis rather than pr that american muslims are patriotic : … 
keith ellison : community to ' assert muslim-americanness ' 
i don't know keith ellison , but i like him . 
ketih ellison : ' muslim-americanness ' makes me patriotic - - 
" this is not who we are as a nation " 
muslim congressman : this isn't who we are 
stop muslims . we don't have to accept them . and i have yet to see even one show patriotism . where is the outrage ?! 
... why aren't your fellow doing anything about this ? keith ellison ( d ) on 
. the community needs to " assert muslim-americanness " via 
rt cnnpolitics : . keithellison : the community needs to " assert muslim-americanness " via ta … 
congressman ellison speaks up about being a muslim american and love of freedoms .... 
that anyone , much less a member of u.s. congress , is ever put in this position is not cool . not cool at all . 
what sensibility and really look like ... 




tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor via 
rt tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor via https :/ … 
sharing this article on again . pay attention to him for a senate seat in pa in 2016 . 
the tattoos are not the most interesting thing about this mayor 
here's a good man i've never met but would like to ! another guy that makes trump look like chump ! 
tattooed pa mayor makes senate run 
if you don't know him you should . 
rt here's my profile of john fetterman — the 6'8 " tattooed mayor who's running for senate . … 
i genuinely like john fetterman , and i think he's got a real shot in a general . check him out , pa dems . 
mayor john sat down with to talk about this race , and what " winds his clock . " check it out : 
tattooed mayor makes senate bid 
this man is running for senate , and seems interesting . 
great article about and what he's doing for 
the tattoos are not the most interesting thing about in braddock , pennsylvania . 
i am a cynic , w/ all the doubts for our current system but i read this & the cynicism turns into a smile , maybe hope 
let us know when you run , i would like to donate to your campaign . 
cnn politics profile on john fetterman , d for senate : 
in the spirit of political longshot successes : tattoos aren't the most interesting thing about this senate candidate 
the tattoos aren't the most interesting thing about - profile 
i wanted to know what tattoos have to do with him running for the senate . worth a read . 
the tattoos get attention , but story goes deeper with this pgh-area mayor running for us senate : via 
great story via for a monday morning ! 
great story !!! i will trade my mayor for him !! 
this is someone this country should get behind no matter your party . 
the food is free deemed unsellable for one corporate reason or 
great profile of braddock , pa mayor and senate candidate 
great story from on an unlikely senate candidate and the town he's been devoted to for 10 yrs 
over this profile on find out what " winds his clock . " 





your favorite brands are launching in 
your favorite brands are launching in africa via 
your favorite brands are launching in africa ( hint : starbucks and krispy kreme ! ) 
your favorite brands are launching in africa - cnnmoney 
" within five years we could be in five or six countries in africa ... this is the hottest new market in the world . " 
would want to watch the trend in with krispy kreme and dunkins now launching in africa - cnn 
africa is becoming an emerging market for lots of american brands to enter via 
money cnn companies africa starbucks krispy kreme hm dunkin donuts index 

rt an app called is the " hot new thing among jihadists " 
lmmfao " an app called is the " hot new thing among jihadists " " 

charlie sheen expected to make a " revealing personal announcement " on " today " show this am 
rt cnn : charlie sheen expected to make a " revealing personal announcement " on " today " show this am … 

. hits new lows 
donald trump's disturbing race war 
donald trump's ' disturbing racial rhetoric ' 
donald trump < go look at the art in his campaign hq slide show . wow . 
after slandering mexicans as drug dealers and rapists , and retweeting images of monkeys trying to cross the ... 
donald trump's disturbing racial rhetoric ( opinion ) - 
what's this about 
donald hits new lows 
rt donaldtrumphitsnewlows op ed is slanderous the protester didnt get beat up & trump never retw … 
donaldtrumphitsnewlows op ed is slanderous the protester didnt get beat up & trump never retweeted that image 
trump building constituency of white christians with his racial slurs ? speak against him white christians ... stand up 
if this man is elected president i am leaving the country . does he even think about what he says ? 
my cnn article on trump's racist rhetoric 
more lies from trump's filthy mouth . every time he opens his mouth he spews more hate and feces than anyone else ... 
you say trump has hit a new low ... but he's still in the lead . stop looking at him and look at us ! 
trump's supporters will be considered guilty by association . guilty of his disturbing racial rhetoric . 
does trump hope you have the same like the dutch : not allowed to ask a judge if a law is against constitution ? 
after this terrible piece re & his supporters -i'm wondering why rep debates would ever be on cnn😞 


belgium : end of border-free europe ' on the table ' 
end of border-free europe “ on the table , ” according to belgium’s un ambassador : 
belgian ambassador : end of border-free europe ' on the table ' 



state department issues worldwide 
o: we cannot & will not succumb to fear . nor can we allow fear to divide us . that’s how terrorists win 
rt state department issues worldwide 
u.s. issues worldwide travel alert 
rt us state dept issues worldwide travel alert … 
isis is contained , al qaida is neutralized , and islam is peaceful . must be fear mongers in the dos . obama the worst 
if you need this alert to be alert then your not alert . i'm all for non aggressive principle alert but you ... 
stay safe guys 
franklin graham turkey shot down a russian warplane near the border of syria as it was on a mission to bomb isis ... 
franklin graham turkey shot down a russian warplane near the border of syria as it was on a mission to bomb isis ... 
worldwide travel alert issued by us state dept .. 
warning : exercise vigilance when in public places , be aware of surroundings & avoid large crowds 
the state department has issued a worldwide travel alert warning americans of terror attacks 
issues worldwide for citizens . 
rt the issues a worldwide travel alert via 



deaths from global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , according to a new report . 



3 people arrested in western germany in connection with german media reports 






social media hails charlie sheen after hiv announcement 
social media hails charlie sheen why praise irresponsible behavior ? how many has he infected ? 
social media hails charlie sheen af based business network 
social media hails sheen after announcement 
you were quoted in a story by 
your tweet was quoted in an article by 
social media and charlie sheen . 
rt social media shows love after he reveals his status … 
in case anyone has missed this mornings social media conversation 
charlie sheen has long been controversial , but social media rallied around him after he reveale .. 
a surprisingly positive social media response for someone with such a negative image ! 
this : social media shows love after he reveals his status 
social media hails charlie sheen after announcement 
social media hails charlie sheen for revealing that he is hiv-positive 

rt opinion : the world should do more to help turkey , lebanon and jordan take on syrian refugees … 


is self-destructive for a reason , writes for 
is self-destructive for a reason , fridaghitis writes for cnnopinion 


. during press conference with hollande : " in the face of the french people we see ourselves ” 






the gop hopes to seize national security advantage from obama over 
the hopes to seize national security advantage from obama over 




. flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution via 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution 
carson flubs jefferson's role in the constitution 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution dr ben is a dangerousperson not pres material 
so , no comment from the media on obama and the 57 states . 
carson flubs thomas jefferson oh dear god this man is such an idiot ! every time he opens his mouth 
might think muslims can't be president but i don't think we should allow people who don't know history 
carson flubs thomas jefferson's role in the constitution - cnn 


obama to blame for paris attacks says starwood capital ceo 
to blame for says starwood capital ceo via 
conservative douchebag millionaire blames obama for paris attacks 
and of course he has to know -----------------------> 
obama to blame for attacks says starwood capital ceo via 
starwood capital ceo : obama to blame for attacks 
no sir , you're wrong for saying : to blame for says starwood capital ceo november 17 - cnnmoney 
idiot repub 
the republicans are the only ones who will foolishly put boots on the ground in the middle east !! via 
. how do i cancel my membership & never stay in your hotels again b/c your ceo is a political douche ? 

rt house speaker paul ryan calls for a " pause " in syrian refugee program 
. calls for a pause on the syria refugee program via 
paul ryan , said , take religion , out the equation . ? let's have a koch and a pause . let's be cowardly in our ... 
paul ryan calls for pause in refugee program 
paul ryan calls for pause in program 
. speakerryan calls for a pause on the syria refugee program … 
speaker paul ryan calls for a " pause " on the syrian refugee program . " we cannot let ... 
another 
" o'er the land of the free and the home of the . . . better safe than sorry ? " 
let's hope he has the balls to get this passed ! 



rt explosions , gunfire rang through the night in a massive police raid north of … 

markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane 
markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane via 
markets dip after turkey shoots down russian warplane - cnnmoney 
markets retreat after shoots down warplane : via 
breaking news ! dip after shoots down via 
turkish markets dip after shooting-down of russian warplane via 
markets dip after russian warplane downed 
markets dip after shoots down russian warplane via 
markets retreat after shoots down warplane : via … 

is self destructive , for a scary reason - 
good companion to your op-ed , isis is using ingroup/outgroup dynamics as part of their strategy 
paris attacks : self-destructive ultimate suicide mission end-of-days battle with the west 
the demonic insane strategy of isis 
does isis seem self-destructive , trying to turn the world against it ? here's the very scary reason why . 
opinion : isis ' scary motivation 
thought provoking and chilling . 
i encourage everyone to read this . 
isis will eventually end in the flames of a nuclear fire !!! 
in case you are still in denial on the goals and ends of the ' slims . 
chilling take on motive : isis's long-range vision is of an end-of-days battle with the west 
the must to take down move from and move towards 
ghitis : isis , self-destructive for a reason 
rt say they'll die for prophecy . sad truth is they can no longer bear the angry god meme terrorizing their minds https … 
rt is self-destructive , for a reason 
great read and something a lot of people need to read before jumping to conclusions 
" the passport was a way of provoking the west to turn against refugees . " = bs isis * wants * them for cover : … 
" ultimate vision is an apocalyptic one " you're just now figuring this out ? 
isis wants the world's muslims to feel they are at war with the modern world . it also wants to stop the flow of ... 
my grad prof in islamic theology told us about this perverse ideology in some sects . cant fight fire with fire . 
the paris operation had multiple objectives . the passport a way of provoking the west to turn against refugees 
fuck isis broo 
interesting 
thoughtful analysis : 
rt would love to debate this cnn article on isis strategy : 

i don't care if you ever see this , you are a stupid , obnoxious , petty piece of shit . 
edited video overlays clinton laughing onto images of benghazi wreckage 
trump video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage 
. video shows laughing over benghazi wreckage 
trump video shows clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 
donald trump video shows hillary clinton laughing over footage of benghazi wreckage 
rt ok donald , this is irresponsible . video shows clinton laughing over benghazi wreckage … 

u2 will ' put on our best ' for rescheduled paris concert 
u2 back in paris the first weekend of december -- hbo concert rescheduled for dec . 7 : 



could the u.s. government shut down over refugees ? 

rt white house issues veto threat over refugee bill 

the inconvenient truth : there's no easy military answer to war on isis 
. w bush’s iraq/isis mess leaves obama no good options 
. w bush’s iraq/isis mess left obama with no good options 
. writes in his article why there is no easy military option when it comes to isis . 
i'm not sure if i'm the only one , but i find this article interesting , yet hard to read . 
inconvenient truth about war on isis 
. weighs in : there’s no easy solution to the isis problem : 
isis in syria : no easy military answer to war - cnn 
opinion no simple military solution for beating isis 
isis in no easy military answer to war - 
the inconvenient truth : there's no easy military answer to ( late ) a+ to cnn ! now : a new proxy war ! 
utter bollocks thermonuclear warhead 
. w bush’s iraq/syria mess leaves obama no good options 
you cannot tell that to the gop !!! or fox news ! 
good 2 min video . isis in syria : no easy military answer to war - 
inconvenient truth there's no simple military solution for beating isis 
opinion : no military answer to war on isis 
. w bush’s iraq/syria mess explained . obama has no good options . 
. w bush's iraq/syria mess explained . obama has no good options 


foreign policy tests 
foreign policy tests carson 
the test foreign policy credentials 
rt cnnpolitics : the test realbencarson's foreign policy credentials 
contrary to popular belief , i can actually handle whatever problems foreign policy could throw at me . i'm ready . 
carson's learn-on-the-job approach is anathema to a gop that spent 7 years lambasting obama for lack of experience 
carson befuddled foreign policy 

rt trucks full of heavily armed french soldiers in full military gear arrive at scene of saint-denis raids . 
rt 2 terrorist suspects dead in saint-denis : 1 shot by sniper , other blew herself up , french media reports . 
rt 3 suspected terrorists killed in raid in paris suburb of saint-denis , official tells cnn . 3 police officers hurt . … 
rt explosions heard in paris suburb , site of raid hunting for suspects in paris attacks . … 
2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 
rt suspected ringleader of is target of massive police operation in paris suburb , afp says . 
rt french president hollande says he'll ask lawmakers to extend state of emergency by 3 months . … 
2 killed , 8 held after raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 
" it was a war zone . " one resident describes the raid . reports : 
rt 5 people arrested during police raid in saint-denis , paris prosecutor's office said . 
rt suspects have been cornered in building in paris suburb , saint-denis mayor tells cnn affiliate bfm-tv . 
rt 2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but ringleader's status still unknown 
rt raid near paris was " right on time , " police source says , adding suspects " about to move on some kind of operation . " … 
suspected ringleader abaaoud not in custody , french prosecutor says ; no id yet for two suspects killed in raid 
rt french will use dna testing to determine if paris terror attack ringleader was in apartment raided by police … 
top firearms link of the day : 
rt the 2 killed in saint-denis raids still unidentified ; suspected ringleader abaaoud not in custody , prosecutor says . … 
saint-denis raid : 3 terror suspects killed , police say - 
rt all 129 of those killed in friday's paris attacks have been identified , french council of ministers says . … 
dna tested to see if suspected ring leader died 
gunfire reported amid police raid in saint-denis , near paris 
dna tests to determine whether attack leader died in raid 
dead or alive ? dna tests to see if suspected ring leader died 
2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 



new u.s. intel bulletin provides details of paris attack plans 
paris attackers did reconnaissance and used some military tactics . not surprising . 
intel : paris attackers cased targets 
new us intelligence bulletin says paris attackers conducted prior surveillance of some locations attacked , showed ... 
new us intelligence bulletin says paris attackers conducted prior surveillance of some … 

“ retired army lt . gen . mike flynn says the drone war is creating more terrorists than it's killing ” 
bombing terrorists feeds their ideology ( 
rt " i think it's futile to respond to terrorist violence with more violence in a way that creates more terrorists . " https://… 
" if we think it's irrational or immoral for arab citizens to respnd to violence w/violence , then we should stop " too 
bombing creates terrorism . we need to arrest terrorists after the fact . well , not suicide bombers . hmm . 
" terrorism is our fault " says liberalism is a mental disorder 
" you can't bomb the bad ideas out of people's heads . " 
bombing terrorists won't work 
took you how many million bombs to figure this one out ? 
lotta literate liberal writers out there who aren’t total cartoon characters , cnn . just sayin ’ . 
hey what foreign policy or counter-terrorism qualifications does sally kohn possess & why'd you run this crap ? 
bombing terrorists makes them stronger - cnn 
" you can't bomb bad ideas out of people's heads . " 
the hurts and americans need to swallow their but to defeat we need a new approach . 
hopelessly and irretrievably wrong ... 
pretty sure us just existing feeds their ideology . 
second thoughts on a military response . worth reading . 
in which calls pres obama a terrorist . 
so are you saying was wrong for killing he claims victory ! 
so , has been in power 7 years ... they still attacked us ... 
if we were only nice to them sally they would like us 
in today's exhibit of " people dumber than a bag of hammers " , i give you sally kohn : 
appears sends its employees to the michael moore/ron paul " it's our own damn fault " school as part of indoc 
actually , bombing terrorists tends to feed the total energy applied to the bonds of their cell membranes . 
victim-blaming is the hot new thing 
one-stop shopping for every leftist platitude on this issue 
how can we stop all of these bombings from happening 


charlie hebdo : ' screw ' terrorism keeping drawing the shit out of them 
new charlie hebdo defiant cover : ' screw ' the terrorists 
hebdo cover : ' screw ' the terrorists 
charlie hebdo publishes defiant cover after the paris attacks : 
they are not isis . they are not isil . they are daesh . ( they hate that name . ) are you afraid ? then they've won . 
rt new charlie defiant cover : ' screw ' the 
charlie hebdo is demonstrating it has no plans to back down and stands fully for france and french culture . ! 
charlie hebdo says it best ! 
in the face of radical islamists creeping-like-an oil-spill every sign of defiance against the ideology counts . 
whether one appreciates the publication or not , i so admire their defined stance toward pathetic souls . 
new charlie defiant cover : ' screw ' the terrorists . 

pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests in pregnant wife's murder 
amanda blackburn news : 
" today i am deciding to love , not hate . " 
indiana amanda blackburn killing arrest - 
pastor chooses ' love not hate ' after wife's killing 
rt police arrest man in connection with murder of pregnant pastor's wife . 
two arrested in death of pastor's wife amanda blackburn 
controversy ? amanda blackburn murdered . 
where is the outrage , protests , and signs for ? 
when the media gonna fawn over this husbands ability to forgive ? 
man arrested in pastor's wife murder case - 
- there is real evil in this world , and these soulless , disgusting monsters prove it . 
we have a sick culture in america . arrests in death of pastors wife . they were on crime spree . don't blame poverty . 
men arrested in pastor's wife killing 
" choosing to let my emotions drive my decisions is recipe for a hopeless and fruitless life . " 
cnn has them shown here . think obama will comment on this case ? don't hold your breath ... 
imagine if the races were reversed pastor says he picks ' love , not hate ' after arrests pregnant wife's murder 
no punishment on earth will be as bad as when these two get to hell . 
white lives matter as much as any other life . killing is killing our blood flows the same . respect to this ... 
if you believe in see this 



rt " social media rallies around charlie sheen after hiv announcement " 
social media rallies around charlie sheen after hiv announcement via 




swimming with the underwater big 5 
cnn - beasts of the deep : swimming with the big 5 - 
swimming with the alternative big 5 
travel news : 
swimming with 5 giants of the ocean 



the real focus of the gop campaign ? iowa , not syria ( via 
the real focus of the gop campaign ? iowa , not syria ( via cnnopinion ) 
( via ) cnn : the real focus of the gop campaign ? iowa , not syria … 


photos from the end of the earth 
11 of - the end of the earth 
these photos took 2 years to take 
check out these stunning images from a place less travelled , antarctica . 
seals are everywhere ... kind of like psp 
gorgeous photos from antarctic including penguins seals glaciers and much more 
gorgeous from including and much more 
> from the end of the earth ; photographer discusses new book blue ice 
great photo series of antarctica , " blue ice " : 
sometimes the beauty of the world is astounding 
i would love 2 be there ............ but cold ◠‿◠ 

rt investors shaken by find safe haven in german markets 
cnn : investors shaken by find safe haven in german markets ( via jt7 … 
rt cnn : investors shaken by find safe haven in german markets 

rt " enough with the french flag facebook logo please , " writer says . your thoughts ? … 

after terror , should paris climate talks go on ? 
climate talks amid terror . i'm heading to europe today . one stop en route to france . 
" you want me to be frightened ..., that i sacrifice my freedom for security , you lost . i will carry on as before . " 

bho slams repubs for stance on refugees sympathizes with terrorists 
slams republicans over refugee stance 
will and the stain us history like ... 
he didn't have to do this 
if he thought that , he'd be trying to stall & reduce the partisan temperature , not ... this 
i'm late with posting this but i couldn't not post it . barry o came for the gop's neck the other day : " apparently ... 
fear politics gop - google search 
rt . slams republicans over stance on via & … 
slams over refugee stance 
" we are not well served when , in response to a terrorist attack , we descend into fear & panic , " is an idiot ! 
thank you obama ! 
yeah do that coward 
isis is going to try to get into the west via the syrian refugee crisis . full stop . period . obama ridicules gop . 
and gop is not saying that every refugee will be a member of isis . but obama props up that straw man anyway . 
i wish i had a chance to make him a president again . love you obama . what a wise , smart , generous man you are . 
obama slammed the gop just this am for suggesting that the refugee influx poses a security threat . 
obama : gop afraid of widows and orphans 
. usa doesn't need anymore of your " setbacks " barry . 
ethical debate represents your opponent's view in terms he would agree with . but is just trolling here : 
obama slams republicans saying syrian refugee discussion incites isis 
obama : " i cannot think of a more potent recruitment tool for isil than some of the rhetoric that's been coming out " 
for virtue and against sin . where're the refugees going to wait out that 18-24 months vetting process mr. president ? 
this is an obama quote : " we are not well served when , in response to a terrorist attack , we descend into fear and ... 
this man is disgusting ... no one is saying don't let in orphans ... send them !!!! maybe just slow the hell down on ... 
wake up , repubs - don't turn the nation into the elitists and separatists you all are . 
angry obama says gop is afraid of " widows and orphans " and helping recruit for isis - 
at a time when obama should be unifying americans against a common enemy and threat ... he's attacking republicans . 
obama says it best : turning away refuggees is a recruitment tool for isis . 
obama clearly doesn't realize it's also many of the regular people who are also concerned w/ 
calls rhetoric on ‘ recruitment tool for politics no longer stops at waters edge 
rt " first they were scared of the press being too tough on them in the debates . now they're scared of 3 yr old orphans " https :/ … 
where has this obama been the last couple of years ? 
obama slams republicans over stance 
am proud of obama's brave response and ashamed of republican response on this issue 
obama slams gop over refugees 



professors neil boothby and lindsay stark say the refugee debate has missed the point on 
how refugee debate misses the point 
80% of are in turkey , jordan & lebanon . why are so many risking the dangerous trip to europe ? 
the mediterranean is the world's most dangerous border crossing . why are so many making the journey ? 
80% of are in turkey , jordan & lebanon . why are many risking the dangerous trip to europe ? 
the big point we miss about refugee crisis 
how today's refugee debate misses the point : 
how can families survive when countries cannot and the does not provide for their needs ? 
current refugee debate misses the point : great insight on a comprehensive approach to the migration challenge 


publishes photo of what it says is bomb that downed russian plane 
isis says photo shows bomb on russian plane 
can the cans ! soda is bad for us , cans are deadly refuge for bombs , and we need to stop being sheepish about making … 
isis : picture shows bomb that downed plane 
isis : we took down jet with soda can bomb 
publishes photo of what it says is bomb that downed plane 
just in : 23 governors outlaw soda cans . 
one soda can . something to think about . 
isis publishes photo of bomb that downed plane keep talking isis ... tell us more ... your egos will defeat you . 
isis brags about how they used a soda can , detonator and a switch to bomb down russian plane 
and cue tsa in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... picture shows that downed plane 
soda can bomb may gave downed russian airplane 
says photo shows bomb that took down russian plane . 
isis says photo shows on russian plane - 
this is the reality of the world we're living in . 
cnn : isis publishes photo . says it's bomb that downed russian plane 
isis : photo shows bomb that downed russian jet 
says photo shows bomb on plane - 
food loaders and restaurant workers need to be looked at . you can't even bring a beverage on board . 
isis publishes what it says is bomb that downed russian plane 


rt ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud linked to 4 foiled attacks since spring , french interior minister says . … 
rt suspected paris attacks ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud is dead , french authorities say . … 
rt more : abdelhamid abaaoud killed in saint-denis raid , id'd by fingerprints , officials say . … 
paris attacks ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud dead 
rt abaaoud is killed , but his network is still at large 
rt source : search for paris attacks suspect salah abdeslam extended to the netherlands 
nine detained in belgium raids connected to probe , belgian authorities say . 
rt paris attacks ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud dead 
rt morocco's intel agency told french that abdelhamid abaaoud was in france , source close to probe says . … 
french interior minister on death of planner following raid : " the target was achieved . " 
. prosecutor : ringleader , abdelhamid abaaoud , dead . 
planner killed in wednesday’s pre-dawn raid of saint-denis apartment ; body positively id’d by officials 
rt " we don't know why he was shot so many times " hahahaha 
rt ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud dead . here's more about his background … 

don't " scapegoat " catholic bishops and evangelicals say " 
catholic bishops and evangelicals give advice : " don't scapegoat 

trump ridicules carson over foreign policy 
rt donald trump is quick to forget his own ignorance on foreign policy . trump ridicules carson over foreign policy … 
. ridicules over foreign policy via 
trump ridicules carson's foreign policy shortcomings 


rt fight against brings putin and together 
finally seems that fight against brings putin and together ” 
" fight against brings putin and together " told yah 
fight against brings putin and together via 


rt . on " is a joke " 
chris christie : obama ' created the refugee crisis ' in syria 
christie is an unfit governor . toss him . 
chris christie : obama ' created ' syrian refugee crisis - - 
rt amusing that the christie narrative is " scrappy comebacker " and not " desperate clown " … 
chris christie : obama ' created the crisis ' in syria 3rd paragraph finally puts a spotlight a truth 
chris christie : obama ' created the human crisis ' in syria - cnn 
christie : obama ' created refugee crisis ' - bitch please 
no bush did you fat piece of shit ! obama ' created the refugee crisis ' in syria 
half-cocked and half-baked - sez obama ' created the refugee crisis ' in syria 

. josh earnest defends isis " setback " remarks 
josh earnest defends obama's isis ' setback ' remarks 
vist- earnest defends obama's isis ' setback ' remarks - cnn 
who cares what they say on faux news ??? 
the term set-back implies a level of success in the first place . numerous have stated there's not even a strategy . 

rt good article on 
good article on … 
why my state won't turn refugees away - 
rt why my state won't turn away : 
gov : why i won't turn away refugees 
educate yourself 
governor : why i won't turn away syrian refugees 
governor of delaware dropping truth bombs : 
what maturity looks like ... take note 
" law is not law , if it violates the principles of eternal justice . " sounds like jesus . 
any " human being " should salute " why my state won't turn away " 
if it were my kid . 
bring the women n children the men 18 n above should be in the militaries of the nation's they are from to help ... 
why delaware gov jack markell , a democrat , will accept refugees 
rt beautifully said and soundly reasoned . 
gov . jack markell : delaware will accept refugees 
you think you know your friends , countrymen until they rally up hate and fear mongering to allow this to happen ... 
rt good for kate brown and jay inslee and jack markell : 
hey this is what leadership looks like : 
we have a moral responsibility . turning away refugees is not the answer . 
openly said on that he'd only let christian refugees in the country . very sad . 
rt thank you for in 









takes harsh political rhetoric against the gop abroad -- and some aren't pleased " 
( via ) cnn : . potus takes harsh political rhetoric against the gop abroad -- and some aren … 

rt just in : is now claiming responsibility for beirut attacks 
breaking news : now claims responsibility for the attacks in beirut 



rt officials : cell phone believed used by paris attacker found ; contains message to the effect of : ' we're ready ' - http … 
french police analyzing video that may show a second suspect in paris attacks . 
latest developments in paris attacks 
latest : france pounds isis in syria ; german police arrests five 
rt officials : cell phone believed used by paris attacker recovered . contains message to effect : ok , we're ready . … 
rt cell phone believed used by paris attacker found ; contains message to the effect of : ' we're ready ' , officials say https … 
french police are working hard to get those complicit in the attacks : 
paris attacks investigation : the latest developments for tuesday tragedy 
rt retweeted ahmadiyya times ( cell phone believed used by paris attacker found ; contains message ... htt … 
investigation : black car , syringes , arrests 
in paris : what you need to know - 
the latest of the terrorist attack on paris 
paris attacks : tuesday's developments 
click this link if you really care about paris terror attacks 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( french police analyzing video that may show a second suspect in paris ... 



an app called telegram is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' . 
telegram is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' - cnnmoney 
a potential abuse or an unwanted exploit of the technology against humanity ? 
the right to protection compromised at the expense of right to privacy 
rt move over twitter , telegram is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' 
when isis terrorists want to hide what they're saying , they are increasingly turning to an app called telegram 
as responsible citizens we need to pressure these app makers to stop aiding issis with helpful apps like this ... 
apparently furries aren't the only ones using telegram : 
isis used telegram for brace yourselves for the incoming comments about & 
this app is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' 
is the ' hot new thing among - + has " help desk " to help them ! via 
these guys are not exactly a cutting-edge , neither . via cnnmoney 
rt an app called is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' you've been rumbled ! … 
an app called is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' you've been rumbled ! via 
wow this story about the app isis uses is so bizarre . 
telegram app the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' via 
does encryption help terrorist ? 
great report truly sad use of technology app called telegram the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' 
encryption works both ways . privacy or security . an app called telegram is the ‘ hot new thing among jihadists ’ . 
new app called telegram is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' 
app telegram : hot & new among jihadists & isis terrorists hide communication , increasingly turning app telegram @ 


back to the bistro ! after restaurants try to bounce back 
cnn : back to the bistro ! after restaurants try to bounce back ( via jt7 … 


rt police tell cnn raid is underway in suburb ; you can hear gunfire in this video . … 



rt parisians take back their cafes and bars by using this hashtag 
lets meet downtown oakville this friday ! 
what about meeting downtown oakville this friday ? 
lets meet in downtown oaville friday 
what about getting together downtown oakville this friday ? beaver 
cnn : parisians take back their cafes and bars by using this hashtag ( v … 








trump : difficult to prove refugees are christian 
. difficult to prove that are christian 
trump once again says he " would consider closing down mosques , calling it ' common sense '" 

the white house held a call with u.s. governors about 
the white house held a call with u.s. governors about via 
" white house held a call w /u.s governors about " /to be a fly on a wall 




sanders and rapper killer mike a ' lethal ' combo 
rapper killer mike amazing endorsement of sen. bernie sanders 
. and rapper a lethal combo via 
rt . and rapper a lethal combo via 
" i'm talking about a revolutionary " : rapper shows support for 

cnnnextstory : rt cnn : police officers have pinned down suspects in a suburb of latest developments : … 
rt police officers have pinned down suspects in a suburb of latest developments : … 
mosershwag2 : rt cnn : police officers have pinned down suspects in a suburb of latest developments : … 







rt religious leaders urge the u.s. not to halt the resettlement of syrian refugees … 
don't ' scapegoat ' syrian refugees , catholic bishops and evangelicals say 
rt exactly how religious groups should act . not like dipshit gops creating crusades . take note candidates . … 
don't ' scapegoat ' , say and 
rt every so often , religious leaders actually agree on something . welcoming syrian refugees is one of those things : … 
we are 20 trillion dollars in debt trying to save the world ... when are all these refugees gonna us back so we ... 
don't scapegoat syrian refugees , religious leaders say - 
rt don't ' scapegoat ' syrian refugees . bishops , urge us not to halt resettlement … 
agreed 
as pope outlaws drones , doubles security , has nuns frisked , sends message 2 peasants not to stop muslim invasion . 
don't scapegoat and say 
rt don't ' scapegoat ' catholic bishops and evangelicals say . 
the urges u.s. not to halt resettlement of syrian after via 
rt religious groups : accept refugees - religious groups : accept refugees 



on the night patrol in the heart of 
on the night patrol in mali - 

. ridicules over foreign policy 
. realdonaldtrump ridicules realbencarson over foreign policy 


. looks to seize national security advantage from obama over isis 
gop wrestle with national security advantage 
the gop looks to seize national security advantage from via 
gop looks to seize security advantage republicans believe the gop has a chance to distort the debate . 
gop to seize national security advantage from obama over isis those idiots never quit being stupid . 
gop looks to seize security advantage over - 
has become so liberal - they are incapable of reporting the facts about obama's national security failures 
you have to love how brazen these short memory gop idiots are . they caused the problem and now they and their ... 
disgraceful from the goparty of ' shrinking government ' i.e. shrinking protections of any kind . 
gop looks to seize national security advantage well terrorists don't like smell of urine soaked pants 
marco rubio : " this is a clash of civilizations . either they win or we win " 
tragedy in great news for the help conservative politicians . 
gop seizes national security advantage from obama over isis 
that isn't too difficult is it ? obama has been like gumby when it comes to isis and other threats to our country . 
gop looks to seize national security advantage from over isis via 
another example of blaming for the mess they've created . 

