' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city 
wow , government just gets worse every day : ' hoverboards ' illegal in new york city via 
' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city november 18 - cnnmoney 
' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city - cnn 
' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city - cnn ..... scratch that off the christmas list new yorkers ! 
really ? 😒 
rt ' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city 
yes . " hoverboards , " aka douchemobiles , are now illegal in nyc ! 
ny state dmv told me fines are up to $50 on the 2nd violation 
money cnn technology hoverboard nyc illegal index 
hoverboards , those self-balancing scooters that don't actually hover , are now illegal in nyc 

facebook 
facebook's safety check activated following nigeria bombing 
safety check activated following bombing 
facebook's safety check activated following nigeria … 
sciencedaily releases 2015 11 151118071015 htm 
i was tongue in cheeking but did turn on its 4 
finally 

brings putin and together 
well heck , who is donald gonna choose for vp now ? 
retweeted cnn politics ( brings putin and together 
isis brings putin , obama together 
rt brings putin and potus together | cnnpolitics — cnn philippines ( cnnphilippines ) november 18 , … 
brings putin and potus together | cnnpolitics — cnn philippines ( cnnphilippines ) november 18 , 2015 
comflexity 
two pronged " super power " approach plausible ? " 
will change in dynamics b/t & due to conflicts elsewhere ( syria ) have impact on the via 
brings together 
rt why couldnt they just have a baby instead 

more than half of u.s. governors say not welcome . this map breaks it down : 

rt thousands of airport workers across the u.s. are going on strike tonight via … 

" groundbreaking same-sex wedding takes place in ireland " 

one thing you can say about this man is that he puts his money where his mouth is .... 
russia is offering $50 million reward for egypt plane bombers 
$50 million dollars bounty by 
offers $50 million reward for plane bombers via 
putin offers $50 million reward for egypt plane bombers 
russia is offering a $50 million reward for egypt plane bombers . 
offers $50 million for info on terrorists behind 

. explains his opposition to admitting syrian refugees 
john kasich explains opposition to admitting syrian refugees 
" you know we understand these people are in trouble , but think about putting somebody on our street .. " 
i don't need an explanation . . 
kasich explains opposition to admitting refugees 

not even 5-year-old orphans . one governor draws a red line on syrian refugees : 

maybe you just need to pay attention ... 
condemn attacks in paris 
retweeted jay howard ( muslims , including butler university student dania saltagi ,... 
cnn has finally broadcasted something positive ! wow i'm shocked lol 
muslim butler student dania saltagi , featured in this article on the social media campaign !... 
muslims condemn attacks in paris 
most people aren't terrorists . let's stand with our muslim friends . 
muslims are speaking out against isis . 
why are you too much of a jerk to report this side of the story ? last night was the opposite : 
muslims condemn paris attacks 
muslims condemn try reading your own news >> << 
condemn isis , but then pretend they have nothing to do with islam . good , not good enough . 
just so you know ... 
rt 1.6 billion muslims & cnn found 3 to speak out against paris . wow cnn , you convinced me muslims oppose terrorism . https : … 
rt the campaign shows muslims appalled at the attacks in paris + condemning those attacks . 
glad to see good muslims standing up against the bad ones ! 
here you go james baker 
- the end of this report where they're washing the sidewalk , hits hard 
good to see ! - condemn attacks in 
" whoever kills an innocent person , it is as though he has killed all of mankind . " - the qur'an 

call out 4 support who does not think america shld get $15 
. endorses for president via 
. endorses hillary clinton for president 
this is pretty huge . . endorses clinton . story on clinton's latest union pick up via 
labor continues to support clinton in this latest endorsement . 
hillary clinton will fight and defend only herself . she will say anything to get elected and to stay out of ... 

rep muslims are feeling a need to assert their patriotism after 
rep keithellison : muslims are feeling a need to assert their patriotism after … 
( via ) cnn : rep keithellison : muslims are feeling a need to assert their patriotism after … 

2 air france flights diverted due to bomb threats 
2 air france flights from us to paris diverted because of bomb threats 
[ gh ] 2 air france flights from us to paris diverted because of bomb threats - cnn 
2 air france flights from u.s. to paris diverted - 
rt two air france flights bound for paris diverted due to bomb threats . 
thank god , my sister was on that plane . im so glad everyone is okay . 
securities linked to travel took a fresh hit , on the heels of diversion of air france-klm flights yesterday 
how long before american football will have to be cancelled on a regular basis . 
we are relieved to hear is safe after her scary flight to europe : 
2 air france jets in emergency landings after bomb threats 
2 air france flights from us to paris diverted because of bomb … 
2 flights from u.s. to diverted because of both flights landed safely tuesday night .. 
2 air france flights from us to paris diverted due to bomb threats - cnn 
air france planes diverted due to bomb threats ... one to salt lake 
2 air france flights from us diverted due to bomb threats ! comments ? ~ jo ... 
trevor moran was in the interview 
web dsign 2 air france flights diverte ... 
my thought are with our family members whom are these airplanes . ✈️ 
. com here’s a “ trevor moran was on flight 65 from los angeles to paris to shoot a music video . ” 

here's what we know so far about the 


investors shaken by paris attacks flee to germany 
money cnn investing germany borrowing cost record low index 
borrowing costs in plunge to record lows after via 
paris attacks push investors into safe haven germany 
germany has never been able to borrow money as cheaply as it can now via 

9 held in deadly beirut bombings 
9 people have been arrested in connection with the beirut bombings that left more than 40 dead . 
not only is it happening in paris , but all around the world . we only see what the media shows us 
inform yourself !! 
we focus on the paris bombings but this is happening in other places . we pay attention to the media only 
nine arrested in beirut bombing 
9 held in beirut bombings : 
day before aka isil attacks wounding 200 , killing 41 . too 
isis claims responsibility for beirut bombing 
9 held in deadly bombings 
9 held in deadly that killed more than 40 people and injured over 280 last thursday . 

charlie sheen expected to make a " revealing personal announcement " on " today " show this am 
rt cnn : charlie sheen expected to make a " revealing personal announcement " on " today " show this am … 

" new campaign ad mentions " 
new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions 
( via ) cnn : new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions … 

who is abdelhamid abaaoud , suspected ringleader of the paris terror attack ? 
rt breathtakingly good reporting by here : 
rt who is abdelhamid abaaoud , suspected ringleader of paris attack ? 
france tried to kill suspected ringleader last month 
. weighs in on abdelhamid abaaoud , the suspected ringleader of the attacks 
abdelhamid abaaoud : who is paris ' ringleader' ? - 
ringleader : was he killed ? 
inside isis plot to attack heart of europe 
who is this guy and what make him the leader ? find out more about abdelhamid abaaoud . 
“ abaaoud , in his late 20s , is believed to be close to isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi ” 
ringleader raid targets isis leader 
who is abdelhamid the the terror attack .. the world brought to its knees by that skinny stinking bastard 😡 
' ringleader ' of paris headed belgian cell - 
inside plot to attack heart of europe 
what cnn claims they know about abdelhamid abaaoud , suspected ringleader of the paris terror attack 
rt my profile of suspected paris ringleader : 

rt germany-netherlands soccer match canceled ; fans at hanover stadium asked to leave , police say . 
rt happening now : german stadium evacuated ahead of soccer match with netherlands 
germany netherlands soccer canceled 
' serious plans for explosions ' cancel netherlands-germany soccer match 
rt stadium in germany evacuated after " serious plans for explosions , " police chief says . 
rt cancels soccer match due to credible threats of imminent attack . 
' serious plans for explosions ' cancel netherlands-germany football match fucking cowards 
rt ‼️ hanover threat ‼️ soccer stadium evacuated . contained ? think not 
' serious plans for explosions ' cancel match 
' serious plans for explosions ' cancel soccer match 
' iraqi sleeper cell ' targeted germany football match 
modest proposal for angela merkel : dissolve all football teams to reduce risk of letting in millions from mideast 
german stadium evacuated before match with netherlands - 

rt deaths from global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , according to a new report . … 
“ a worldwide trend of increased terrorism - now at its highest level ever ” 
global terrorism is on the rise , obama has no strategy to combat it : 
rt global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , says report 
deaths from global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 with 32,658 people being killed , 
global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , says study 
boko haram and isis were responsible for more than half of all terrorism deaths in 2014 . 
so only australia& " eastasia " r terrorism free whos coming w/me ? 
over 32000 people killed from terrorism in 2014 . that's actually fucked up . 

lawmakers turn their focus to security in the wake of the via 
lawmakers turn focus to security in wake of paris attacks 
follow the money ! terrorists don't seem to wok for a living . unless their " job " is to kill innocent people every ... 
the paris attacks are reverberating on capitol hill as lawmakers turn their attention to security : 

says he is 
rt charlie sheen to " today " : i've paid millions to people who extorted me over hiv diagnosis . … 
rt charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . 
" to eradicate hiv once and for all , we must first eradicate the stigma attached to it . stigma prevents people ... 
is brave to admit that he is hiv-positive 
so charlie sheen's hiv positive ... go figure 
rt via cnn breaking news : charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . … 
charlie sheen says he's hiv-positive - 
stay strong ♥ 
hope this doesn't hurt his image . charlie sheen hiv-positive 
and this made the national news because ...? 
he is awesome ! 
remix star , banger of 7 gram rocks , says he has hiv . 
now you don't have to pay anyone to keep your secret . charlie sheen hiv-positive 
lesson from teens still need to ask about their bf/gf's sexual history or just stop having sex . :) 

paris attacks at a glance : wednesday's developments 
rt paris attacks at a glance : wednesday's developments 
muslim woman was hit and stabbed & a jewish teacher was stabbed " by individuals uttering anti-semitic remarks 
with tensions running high across france , two attacks in the southern city of marseille drew sharp condemnation ... 
latest : new isis video threatens new york ... 
rt 33 isis members killed in airstrikes in past 3 days , monitoring group says . 
an video warns of an impending attack on see the latest : 
paris attacks : what you need to know - 
new isis video threatens new york . big wow the free world wants all your isis asses turned into pig food , trumped ! 
this video has been around for months . don't make it seem like this is a new threat . 
new isis video threatens attack on new york city . also today three men in france stab a jewish teacher . one was ... 
hey i found the video ( referenced in your nyc threat video clip ( it's stock footage . 
oh no you are not‼we're not scared‼️isis released a video promising an on 
latest developments : what we know right now 
via cnn : an isis video released wednesday warns of an impending attack on new york . 
we need to be on high alert at all times .... new isis video threatens new york 
happening now : new isis video threatens new york 
great job 
latest : jewish teacher attacked in marseilles 
now an isis threat against new york . 
paris : developments " terrorism " the gift that keeps on giving : news , arms , huge spending , lies and control . 
rt paris attacks : latest developments 
paris attacks at a glance : wednesdays developments is obama watching this ? is this what americans do ? pendejo . 

names released of officers involved in shooting ; latest updates : 
cnn : names released of officers involved in shooting ; latest updates : ( via jt … 
( via ) cnn : names released of officers involved in shooting ; latest updates : … 

test foreign policy credentials 
test realbencarson's foreign policy credentials 


. on not even 5-year-old orphans 

. governors are " our last line of defense " against isis 

rt the inconvenient truth : there's no military answer to war on isis ( via 
cnn : the inconvenient truth : there's no military answer to war on isis ( via cnnopinion ) ( … 

. sets socialism speech date to compete with via 
cnn politics sen. bernie sanders ' long-awaited speech on democratic socialism has been s … 
this will be interesting ! 
bernie will explain what democratic socialism is , and his views moving forward . for all who are scared of this ... 
bernie sanders sets socialism speech date 
sanders sets socialism speech date to compete with clinton / oh yeah !! 
rt bernie sanders sets socialism speech date - 
sets dem socialism speech date to compete with so she can 
heads up . sets socialism speech date ( tomorrow ? ) to compete with hillary clinton 
if this guy gets in we'll all wear sack-cloth in the end . i guess that could be counted as one form of equality ! 
sanders sets speech date to compete with clinton 
. sets the date for his socialism speech — same day as foreign policy address : 

extent of in syria's role in plotting attacks questioned . 
extent of isis in syria's role in plotting paris attacks questioned 
4 . 2015 paris massacre , isis , syrian direction potentials : extent of isis in syria's role in attacks questioned 
extent of isis in syria's role in plotting questioned 
here we go again . muddling around about where and % of radicalness of the islamic perps . an inconvenient truth . 
extent of in role in plotting questioned 
interesting to know how little we know about what happened in paris : 
isis in syria's role paris attacks questioned who cares ? rather quick response by france , hu ? exactly 
cnn politics paris terror attacks isis syria index 

authorities gave the all-clear in diverted air france flights : 
cnnmoney : rt cnn : authorities gave the all-clear in diverted air france flights : 

rt french president hollande invokes eu treaty , hoping to build coalition against isis 

enough with the french flag facebook logo 
opinion : enough with french flag facebook logo - 
retweet if yoiu agree , enough with the french flag facebook profile pics link : 
rt enough with the french flag facebook logo 
over trivializing the french tri-colour . stop it 
if you’re an american w/ a facebook french profile pic , wow , what a true patriot ! now , on to cat videos . harsh ? 
enough with the french flag logo 
i can't disagree with this . also , no one changed to russia or beirut's flag ... " enough with the french flag fb logo " 
" an american with a french facebook flag demeans the war on terror and is as effective as a smiley face . " 
why you shouldn't tri color your social media profile pictures 
another core component of american and french democracy is freedom of expression | 
interesting read . 
opinion : drop that facebook logo 
why your tricolor support doesn't mean shit . 
american leadership needs to translate the requirements for the war on terror from symbols to tangible action . 
james mulvaney doesn't agree with your profile pics , you guys , so , you know , better switch them back now . 
i couldn't agree more . people need to actually help , not just bandwagon on social media . 
" i am not going to tricolor my face " : james mulvaney writes that the logo trivializes the war on terror 
i'm keeping my tricolor facebook ! you can shove it and go back to your " careless " life ! 
agreed . proves again why it's a mistake to expect deep thoughts from anyone on facebook . 
i totally agree ! 
wtf is this guys problem , tell me what you think ... 
in case you didn't have enough poutrage in your daily diet . 
where was james mulvaney's call to bring down facebook backgrounds during the rainbow gay marriage days ? 
i only changed my picture because it was at the very least what i could do to show support . will i keep it like ... 
unfortunately not enough people will read this opinion piece 
changing profile pics to show support for france is a + thing . don't understand all the - thoughts . 
kudos , for highlighting the impotence & inanity of change-your-avatar post- 

rt facebook's safety check activated following bombing in yola , nigeria : 
ketchcast : rt cnn : facebook's safety check activated following bombing in yola , nigeria : 

rt what we know about abdelhamid abaaoud , the suspected ringleader of the attacks : … 

rugby legend jonah lomu has died . the former new zealand player was 40 . " 
rugby legend jonah lomu dies , age 40 
sad to see jonah pass , he made rugby amazing for me ! rip 
jonah lomu : all black rugby great dies , age 40 
all black rugby legend jonah lomu dies at 40 
so sad !! i can't believe it . rip to one of the greatest . jonah lomu dead at 40 
rt gone too soon . he made me a rugby fan . rugby legend jonah lomu has died aged 40 . … 

rt the mother and father of football analyst doug flutie died within an hour of each other . … 

rt 129 people died in these are the names of the victims we know so far : … 

rt publishes photo of what it says is bomb that downed russian plane 

rt how they started , what they want . how shook the world airs tonight … 

rt the will hold a call with governors tonight to discuss 
cnn : the whitehouse will hold a call with governors tonight to discuss ( v … 

associate on his way to europe was arrested in turkey 
' jihadi john ' associate arrested 
associate on his way to was arrested in - 
jihadi john associate arrested in turkey - 
our terrorist pal is fortunate we don't behead people . jihadi john associatewas arrested in turkey 

survivor details horrors inside concert hall 
incredible account of a survivor who was inside the theater on friday 
paris attack survivor isobel bowdery details horrors 
someone did finally talk to isobel bowdery about her night at the bataclan 

how ' glaring ' intelligence failures allowed a second bout of terror in paris 
glaring intelligence failure let in terrorists 
paris attack demonstrates massive intelligence failures 

. josh earnest defends " setback " remarks 
. presssec josh earnest defends potus's " setback " remarks 

the white house holds a call with governors about 
rt the white house is holding a call with governors about 
white house , governors discuss - 
rt . we need to pause on bringing 

rt poll : most americans oppose resettling in the u.s. 

my piece on impact on 2016 and targeting of church-going voters : 
real focus of the gop campaign ? iowa , not syria 
campaigns ' challenge ahead : the real race will be decided in iowa , not syria 

rt . slams gop for suggesting that refugees coming from syria pose a security threat … 

back to the bistro ! paris restaurants try to bounce back 
back to the bistro ! paris restaurants try to bounce back via 
back to the bistro ! paris restaurants try to bounce back - cnn 

new charlie hebdo defiant cover : " screw " the terrorists 

debunked : what social media got wrong about the 

we're awaiting news conference from on threat 
video threatens 
this is scary i have friends who live in nyc and even my boyfriend works just blocks away from times square 
mayor - nyc will not be intimidated by video threats against new york city 
nypd helps isil threaten nyc while saying there is no threat . 
jesus , come back soon . 
isis threatens new york 
cnn us new york isis threat index 
video shows nyc footage ; nypd says " no current or specific threat to the city " 

the inconvenient truth : there's no easy military answer to war on 

oppose in u.s. - cnn 
poll : americans oppose syrian refugees in u.s. - 
so much for us being christian . a lie . 
rt poll : most americans oppose resettling in the u.s. via … 
poll : americans oppose in u.s. 
it's things like this that are misleading . polling 628 is nowhere near representative of the us population . 
oppose in ... so we'r all 
poll : most americans believe president barack obama should halt plans to accept syrian refugees 
rt a new poll shows the majority of americans don't want new in the u.s. 
poll : most americans oppose resettling syrianrefugees in the u.s. via eric bradner 

rt french soccer fans find unity in english arms 


rt more than half the nation's governors say syrian refugees not welcome 

6 dead in texas campsite attack ; suspect in custody 
cnn : 6 dead in texas campsite attack ; suspect in custody ( via ) 

rt after terror attacks , should paris climate talks go on ? ( via 
after terror attacks , should paris climate talks go on ? ( via cnnopinion ) 
“ after terror attacks , should paris climate talks go on ? ( via ” huh ? 
( via ) cnn : after terror attacks , should paris climate talks go on ? … 
" after terror attacks , should paris climate talks go on ? ( via " heck no ! 

. josh earnest defends isis " setback " remarks 
josh earnest defends obama's isis ' setback ' remarks 
who cares what they say on faux news ??? 
the term set-back implies a level of success in the first place . numerous have stated there's not even a strategy . 

. discussing upcoming revelation on the 
charlie sheen expected to disclose he is hiv positive on ' today ' show 
top story de - charlie sheen discloses he is hiv positive on … see more 
charlie sheen discloses he is hiv positive on ' today ' show - nov . 16 , 2015 see more 
top story : practice charlie sheen to make ' revealing person … see more 
top story today : charlie sheen to make ' revealing personal announcement ' on tod … see more 
whoa ... charlie sheen admits to being hiv+ ... sad ... 
expected to reveal hiv positive status this morning on nbc's today show 
reports say will announce he's hiv-positive on the this morning : 
rt charlie sheen expected to disclose he is hiv positive on ' today ' show 
expected to disclose he is positive on ' today ' show . 
charlie sheen is rumored to be making the announcement on the today show that he is hiv positive later today .... 

can europe afford border controls ? 
can europe afford border controls ? - cnn 

shame on those governors !! useless .... 
piece on us states refusing syrian refugees after recent events could be a good topic for projects 
syrian refugees not welcome ... : 
more than half of the states in the u.s are refusing to accept syrian refugees . 
us governors refusal of syrian refugees following tragedy in paris is evidence of intense islamophobia . 
u.s. states say they won't admit syrian refugees 
.. should we take care of the veterans and the homeless first or the refugees ? 
not going to vacation in states governed by hateful , anti-american governors . something i can do ! 
out of the 31 states not accepting refugees , 30 align with the gop . ( nh the exception ) 
we caused the war ... we created isis and these 31 states are showing the world this ... 
but , are they listened to ? requests honored ? more than half nation's governors say syrian refugees not welcome 
rt states reject refugees .. damn right ! who's knows how many suicide bombers are amongst them .. 
democrat and republican governors join together against obama's policy --> 
this is not ok ppl 
into usa nor any country refugees can be absorbed by other ... 
rt 26 say not welcome http … 
land of the free & the home of the brave [*] . [*] some exceptions apply . offer not valid in tx , la , al , ms , ga … 
only 1,500 syrian refugees have been accepted into the united states since 2011 . 
... cnn from yesterday : vox from 2 hours ago : 
virginia's noncommittal in accepting 
they shouldn`t be over here at all ! 
after paris attacks , syrian refugees shunned in u.s. - 
31 states oppose taking syrian refugees 
this makes me so angry . apparently we are not human beings anymore and we won't help families in need . 
more than half of us states protest taking in syrian refugees because of concerns about terrorism 
finally an overwhelming consensus , is there too much at stake ? all you need is to do is read almost every day lately … 
rt now , 31 governors say no to syrian refugees . 
rt 27 states not accepting refugees : … … via 
more than half the nation's say not welcome 
( y ) ( y ) ( y ) ( y ) ( y ) it should be 50 state plus washington dc and puerto rico 

rt " i would tell him to surrender " says brother of paris suspect salah abdeslam to … 
" i would tell him to surrender " says brother of paris suspect salah abdeslam to outfrontcnn … 

rt goes viral in honor of the french police dog who died in the raid … 


" you can't make me hate " 
absolutely beautiful : the husband of victim tells isis : you can't make me hate 
" you will not have my hatred .... or my son's hatred either . " 
husband of paris victim sends defiant facebook message - 
❤ ️💙 ❤ ️ & husband of paris victim tells isis : you can't make me hate & their 17 m/o " happy & free " 
rt powerful- hats off to this man . have much to learn of compassion from people of all faiths . " you can't make me hate " http … 
amazing response . " i will not give you the privilege of hating you " . 
the husband of paris victim tells isis : will americans take his advice . i have faith . should i 
touching story must read 
yes . the article is perfect . 
rt amazing response . 
" this little boy will affront you by being happy and free " husband of paris victim : you can't make me hate 
" i will not give you the privilege of hating you . you certainly sought it , but replying to hatred with anger ... 
" friday night you took away the life of an exceptional human being , the love of my life , the mother of my son ,... 
husband of paris victim : i will not hate you 
rt love this ... 
defiance husband of victim to isis : you can't make me hate 
powerful ... the post was translated from french , and edited for clarity : you will not have my hatred friday ... 
the husband of paris victim tells you can't make me what a courageous man ! 
here here ❤ 
imagine all the people ... 
this is true power " you will not have the privilege of my hate " -parisian mourner . 
wow , true , hatred feeds hatred , good read about a man that lost the love of this his life ( married 12 years ) and ... 

could the government shut down over 
why not ? gop's done it before . could the government shut down over refugees ? 
could the food fight on cap hill over syrian refugee program cause a government shutdown ? story w/ -- 

" the husband of victim tells you can't make me hate " 
a stark yet beautiful reminder 

did you hear this crazy story about doug flutie ? both of his parents died within the same hour today . 
mother and father of football analyst doug flutie die within an hour of each other . 
my heart goes out to my childhood hero re : loss of his parents " no eye has seen , no ear has ... 1cor 2:9 " 
doug flutie loses parents an hour apart 
so tragic ! football great doug flutie loses parents an hour apart 
football great doug flutie loses parents an hour apart - cnn 
doug flutie's parents die within an hour of each other : " they say you can die of a broken heart and i believe it " 


rt . to blame for says starwood capital ceo 
. potus to blame for says starwood capital ceo 

what's life like for in the u.s. ? visits iowa to learn more 
what's life like for in the u.s. ? mbasucnn visits iowa to learn more 
( via ) cnn : what's life like for in the u.s. ? mbasucnn visits iowa to lea … 

rt honduras detains 5 syrian men traveling with fake passports . 
honduras detains 5 syrians over fake passports - 
good looks honduras detains 5 syrians over fake passports 
honduras detains 5 syrians over fake greek passports , likely headed to united states 
remember guys , none of these " refugees " could possibly be terrorists 
. why bury this little paragraph 2/3 of way down . why not first paragraph ? 
' we suppose that they were going to illegally travel by land all the way to the united states . ' 
syrians detained over passports 
amazing to watch trudeau's progressive sycophants in the media bury their heads in the sand . 
another reason our airports n boarders need 2b secure . honduras detains 5syrians over fake passports 
i'm sure the banana man tj is sad they didn't succeed : 

lit w/ " fluctuat nec mergitur . ” learn more about victims of the 
learn more about the victims of the 
paris terror attacks : in memoriam of the victims 
read all of these because every life lost matters ! 
the victims of the attacks were people whose lives and futures were stolen from them . learn who they were : 
je suis paris - remembering the victims 
the victims in the attacks : 
thinking of them .... 
a special tribute page at 
who were the cnn interactive 

rt honduran police detain 5 syrians over fake passports 
“ honduran police detain 5 syrians over fake passports ” 

. calls for a pause in refugee program 

rt muslims turned to social media using the hashtag to condemn … 
rt lucasjalyl " rt cnn : muslims turned to social media using the hashtag to condemn … " 

rt updated number from paris prosecutor : 2 suspected terrorists killed in raid … 
mayorbillfinch : rt cnn : updated number from paris prosecutor : 2 suspected terrorists killed in raid … 

rt faa : air france flight headed from la to paris diverted due to security incident . 
second air france flight from u.s. to paris diverted . 
2 air france flights from u.s. to paris diverted - 
2 jets were diverted after bomb threats : 
2 air france flights diverted due to bomb threats 
how long will the threats last ? bomb threats on 2 flights from us to 
2 flights from u.s. to paris diverted because of bomb threats 

. may have aired from nyc monday night , but its heart was in paris 
. colbertlateshow may have aired from nyc monday night , but its heart was in paris 
( via ) cnn : . colbertlateshow may have aired from nyc monday night , but its heart was in p … 

. endorses for president 
cnn : . seiu endorses hillaryclinton for president ( via ) 

rt opinion : bombing terrorists makes them stronger via 
i agree " opinion : bombing terrorists makes them stronger via " 
opinion : bombing terrorists makes them stronger via via 
not if it is accurate ... rt bombing terrorists makes them stronger via 

. : ' hateful rhetoric ' on syrian refugees ' a new low ' 
clinton : gop's ' hateful rhetoric ' on syrian refugees ' a new low ' hillary as clueless as obama 
rt . : ' hateful rhetoric ' on syrian refugees ' a new low ' 
when do u inform re gop govern by bible ? clinton : gop's ' hateful rhetoric'/'a new low ' 
clinton : gop hits ' a new low ' 
clinton to outline plan to beat isis 
. gop's " hateful rhetoric " on is " a new low " 
brilliant slams 
shame on the gop ! did the same to jews during the holocaust . 
clinton : gop talk on refugees ' low ' h trying to divide w/her ' hateful rhetoric ' 
" we can't act as though we are shutting the door to people in need without undermining who we are as americans , " ... 
' hateful rhetoric/new low w/ her " works " wasn't new low enuff ? 
clinton : gop's ' hateful rhetoric ' on refugees ' a new low ' 

rt 2 air france flights from u.s. to were diverted last night because of bomb threats … 
2 air france flights from us to diverted last night due to bomb threats via 

rt muslim us congressman should organize muslims to fight isis rather than pr that american muslims are patriotic : … 
keith ellison : community to ' assert muslim-americanness ' 
that anyone , much less a member of u.s. congress , is ever put in this position is not cool . not cool at all . 
ketih ellison : ' muslim-americanness ' makes me patriotic - - 
. the community needs to " assert muslim-americanness " via 
what sensibility and really look like ... 
muslim congressman keith ellison : ' this is not who we are ' 
my rep keith ellison keeping it real in refugee discussion - 
obama is going to be missed ! best president yet . community to ' assert muslim-americanness ' 
2015 grad speaker rep on muslim-american patriotism & paris attacks 
rep. keith ellison : " do you really want daesh to dictate terms to the united states ? " 
this inaccurate what's happening is christian refugees are being barred from entry . muslims allowed ' 
we shouldn't be playing into hands …. " community to ' assert 
keith ellison : ' muslim-americanness ' makes me patriotic - amazing the things people forget 
keith ellison : community 2 ' assert muslim-americanness ' save ur b/s . we must protect this house cost 
muslim congressman : this isn't who we are 
we can't afford to put our guard down 
" these folks are letting fear make them forget our constitution , " 
keith ellison ( d-min . ) reminds the congress of first amend . to the constitution , freedom of religion 
we are overrun with illegal aliens . adding more immigrants steals jobs from soldiers returning from war . no more ! 

rt " enough with the french flag facebook logo please , " writer says . your thoughts ? … 

u.s. attorney general loretta lynch : no data to support ' ferguson effect ' 
no " ferguson effect . " can't wait for the next police lie . 
obama's us attorneygen double talk : no data to support ' ferguson effect ' while certainly might be anecdotal evidence 
loretta lynch : no data supporting the ' ferguson effect ' 
if they're doing nothing wrong , it shouldn't matter ! u.s. attorney general : no data to support ' ferguson effect ' 

social media rallies around charlie sheen after hiv announcement 

rt two air france flights were diverted tuesday night because of bomb threats , officials said . … 

can europe afford border controls ? 
leading the witness mt " can europe afford border controls ? ” 

alabama governor : refugees behind u.s. attacks - 
rt alabama governor : refugees behind u.s. attacks , threats 
when you fill a country with ' refugees ' ' migrants ' you no longer have a nation , but a 3rd world country that can ... 
" alabama governor : refugees are behind u.s. attacks , threats via " 
governor : refugees behind us attacks , threats 
rt alabama gov : refugees behind us attacks idiot . 745000 refugees in us since 9/11 only 2 iraqis a … 
alabama gov : refugees behind us attacks idiot . 745000 refugees in us since 9/11 only 2 iraqis arrested for terrorism 
missibama gub complete or total fucking idiot ? via or 
alabama governor : refugees behind u.s. threats 
alabama gov . bentley says he's been informed refugees were behind most major security threats since sept . 11 
dept homeland security runs incompetent tsa governors have the national intelligence of a literate person w/ twitter 
if the united states was in a similar situation americans would demand refuge elsewhere . 
alabama’s governor claims refugees are behind most of the post-9/11 us threats : 

an app called is the " hot new thing among jihadists " 
lmmfao " an app called is the " hot new thing among jihadists " " 

first same-sex wedding in ireland - 
some good and positive news in the world ! congrats ireland ! 
congratulations to the first same-sex couple to be married in ireland ! 
groundbreaking same-sex marriage in ireland 
go ireland ! 
ireland same-sex marrriage - 
today , ireland began officially recognizing same-sex marriages . love wins !... 
ireland has joined the growing list of nations where same-sex couples are getting married 
ireland's first same-sex marriage 
groundbreaking same-sex marriage in ireland congrats to ireland , again . 

nigeria . 
suicide bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
police : suicide bombers , one of them an 11 year old girl , target nigeria market - boko haram via 
rt suicide bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
rt let's be sure to lift up the as fiercely as we lift up 
rt bomb blast kills dozens in nigerian city of yola - 
using an 11 year old girl as a suicide bomber is just awful . prayers for nigeria and for the world right now .. 
11-year-old female suicide bomber 
children are not suicide bombers ; they are captives w/ bombs strapped to them . suicide bomber , age 11 , nigeria 
my thoughts go out to the victims in nigeria . ----------- girl , 11 , was nigeria bomber 
rt 11-year-old female suicide bomber … 
rt 11-year-old female suicide bomber 
children being used in suicide attacks . 
suicide bombers in nigeria market were 11 & 15yr old girls ! terrorists r not only men so much 4 vetting ' refugees ' 
pray for nigeria ! 
suicide bomber attacks kill and wound many in nigeria 
children are being used as suicide bombers . 
rt why do they hate nigerians ? 
rt nigeria . 
rt police : girl , 11 , was suicide bomber in nigeria attack 
rt an 11-year-old girl just carried out a suicide bombing . but please , continue joking about children refugees . … 
there was another terrorist attack in 40+ dead . where is the in news coverage 
anger and sadness just doesn't begin to cover it ... 

rt hashtag trends in honor of french police dog who died in raid … 

deaths from global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , according to a new report . 

rt delaware governor : why my state won't turn refugees away 

lawmakers turn focus to security in wake of 
cnn : lawmakers turn focus to security in wake of ( via … 

3 people arrested in western germany in connection with german media reports 

white house issues veto threat over refugee bill 
to the biggest domestic terrorist ever in u.s , hussein i say 
obama says he'll veto gop refugee bill if he represented the us , he would be a president of " true values " . ... ( pos 
the issues a veto threat over the bill via 
once again the fights against playing favorites is unconstitutional ! 
of course . mr obama the dictator . 
hell obama let them all in what could possibly go wrong ??????? 
to veto bill requiring enhanced screening of to enter usa 
doesn't care about and the of its to listen to the ... 
good explainer by colleague & neighbor on veto threat of refugee bill - 

bobby jindal announces he is ending presidential campaign 
rt jindal : ' i've come to the realization that this is not my time . ' 
. is ending his campaign for president . " i've come to the realization that this is not my time . " 
jindal ends presidential campaign 
louisiana gov bobby jindal bows out of 2016 race 
if a tree falls in the forest , and nobody is there to vote for it , does it make a sound 
* the price is right sad horns * 
alfred e . newman is out of the race ... we're running out of clowns . 
" i've come to the realization that this is not my time . " it never was it never was . 
rt queue queen ; another one bites the dust 
jindal releases his supporters - both of them - to vote for someone else ... ending presidential campaign 
and another one off the bus ! 
rt another one bites the dust jindal announces he is ending his presidential campaign , realizes " it's just not my time " h … 
bobby announces he is ending presidential campaign 
looked awkward talking to his own family in his own back yard . he never had a hope in hell . 
👍🏽now he can go back to understudying for bob denver in that very special episode of gilligan's island : 
oh no piyush , we're going to miss you .... not !!!!!! 
jindal drops out of presidential race good riddance 
now waiting for to also announce the same 
he says , " it's over ! " 

hollande invokes eu treaty , hoping to build coalition against isis - 
invokes treaty , hoping to build coalition against 
invokes hoping to build against isis - does what should have cnn 

social media hails charlie sheen why praise irresponsible behavior ? how many has he infected ? 
social media hails charlie sheen after hiv announcement 
social media hails charlie sheen af based business network 
social media hails sheen after announcement 
social media and charlie sheen . 
social media shows love after he reveals his status 
in case anyone has missed this mornings social media conversation 
charlie sheen has long been controversial , but social media rallied around him after he reveale .. 
a surprisingly positive social media response for someone with such a negative image ! 
this : social media shows love after he reveals his status 
social media hails charlie sheen after announcement 
social media hails charlie sheen for revealing that he is hiv-positive 
wow . rt social media shows love after he reveals his status 
charlie sheen finally confirms what everyone suspected .... 

129 victims , each with their own story . explore our interactive : 
“ 129 victims , each with their own story . explore our interactive : ” 
rt 129 victims , each with their own story . explore our interactive : 

rt is self-destructive for a reason , writes for … 
is self-destructive for a reason , fridaghitis writes for cnnopinion 

posters , ticket stubs , memories : music lovers reclaim beloved 
cnn : posters , ticket stubs , memories : music lovers reclaim beloved ( via jt7 … 
( via ) cnn : posters , ticket stubs , memories : music lovers reclaim beloved … 


officers shot and wounded during raid seeking suspect in paris terrorist attacks , cnn affiliate bfmtv reports . 
rt german police say they've made 5 arrests in operations linked to paris attacks . 
rt " strong presumption " that a 2nd person linked to the paris attacks is at large , source close to probe says . … 
rt witnesses report gunfire in paris suburb ; police officers may have been shot 
rt before paris attacks , france and allies tried to target isis member believed to have planned attack , source says . … 
more attacks in france ... 
brother of suspect salah abdeslam : surrender 
heavy gunfire in suburb of paris 
police say raid underway in paris suburb as witnesses report gunfire 
gunfire reported amid police raid in saint-denis , near paris - 
rt police officers shot & wounded during raid seeking suspect in paris terrorist attacks , cnn affiliate bfmtv reports . http … 
aftermath : brother's message to suspect being sought : surrender 
first , police raid paris suburb , heavy gunfire - h/t 
gunfire reported amid police raid near paris 

rt . sets long-awaited socialism speech date to compete with … 
( via ) cnn : . berniesanders sets long-awaited socialism speech date to compete with hillar … 
. berniesanders sets long-awaited socialism speech date to compete with hillaryclinton 

6 dead in campsite murder spree 
and we're worried about refugees ? 
texas campsite attack : 6 dead , suspect in custody . 
authorities investigating after at texas campsite 
police arrested a suspect , william hudson , 33 , and charged him with one count of murder , setting bond at $2.5 ... 
one surviving witness . 
slaughter ! six shot dead ! dear terrorist group daesh isn't your problem . 
texas campsite murder 
another maddening gun violence in texas - 6 dead , another chid life lost 
please will you close illinois borders to people from texas until our safety can be assured ? 
how many more guns does the nra want william hudson to have that would stop him from murdering these people ? 
i'm sure they had guns to protect themselves from this bad guy , isn't this texas ?? 
6 found dead at campsite . 
one suspect is in custody after six people were killed at a texas campsite 
authorities investigating after murders at texas campsite 
6 found dead at texas campsite 
trade : al ( and 21 states ) , you get the u.s. guys like this that are in the news everyday , and others take refugees : 
six found dead at texas campsite - 
authorities investigating after killings at texas campsite 
authorities investigating after killings at campsite 
we should reject entry to pennsylvania of all texans killings at texas campsite 
i don't think we have heard the last from this story ... 

rt major police raid in the paris suburb of is over , french spokesperson says : … 
major police raid in the suburb of is over , french spokesperson says : 

the gop hopes to seize national security advantage from obama over 
the hopes to seize national security advantage from obama over 

3 people arrested in western germany in connection with german media reports 

a few false narratives emerged on social media after what to watch out for : 
( via ) cnn : a few false narratives emerged on social media after what to w … 

rt tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show 
cnn : tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show ( via ) 

foreign policy tests 
the test foreign policy credentials 
carson befuddled foreign policy 

paul ryan calls for pause in refugee program 
rt house speaker paul ryan calls for a " pause " in syrian refugee program 
. calls for a pause on the syria refugee program via 
paul ryan calls for pause in program 
speaker paul ryan calls for a " pause " on the syrian refugee program . " we cannot let ... 
another 
" o'er the land of the free and the home of the . . . better safe than sorry ? " 
let's hope he has the balls to get this passed ! 
ryan is a follower not a leader 

weeks after isis bombed russian jet , putin really takes the bull by the horns & offers a reward for info . 
putin is the new ' chuck norris ' ... 
putin offers $50m reward for those responsible for bomb of russian plane . expect body bags to be filled soon . 
news : russia says bomb brought down jet in sinai , offers $50 million reward - cnn | details : 
russian official : 2-pound bomb brought down metrojet plane over sinai - cnn 
russia says that is responsible for plane crash that killed 224 of their citizens in egypt . 
russian plane crash : $50m reward for information - 
$50m reward for information on russian plane crash - 
russia offers $50 million reward in sinai jet crash case 
top story : russian metrojet crash bomb - see more ... 
rt russia offers $50 million reward in sinai jet crash case 
russia offers $50 million reward in sinai jet crash case future of middle east 
$50 million . rt offers $50 million reward in sinai jet crash case . 
offers $50 million reward in bombing contained approx 1 kilogram ( 2.2 pounds ) of explosives 
the quezada post russian metrojet crash bomb - see more 

extent of in syria's role in plotting paris attacks questioned 

rt explosions , gunfire rang through the night in a massive police raid north of … 

is self destructive , for a scary reason - 
my grad prof in islamic theology told us about this perverse ideology in some sects . cant fight fire with fire . 
the paris operation had multiple objectives . the passport a way of provoking the west to turn against refugees 
rt is self-destructive , for a scary reason | by 
fuck isis broo 
interesting 
is self-destructive , for a reason 
thoughtful analysis : 
say they'll die for prophecy . sad truth is they can no longer bear the angry god meme terrorizing their minds 
would love to debate this cnn article on isis strategy : 
rt is self-destructive , for a reason 
the west should not hesitate to use small , tactical nukes against isis to end it all !!! 
here is why the will cause the end of the world 
if isis wants an end-of-days battle , here's an idea . let's work together to give it to them and obliterate them 

rt rugby legend jonah lomu , a former star , has died at age 40 in new zealand … 


could the u.s. government shut down over refugees ? 

. explains opposition to admitting 
. johnkasich explains opposition to admitting 

rt white house issues veto threat over refugee bill 
" white house issues veto threat over refugee bill " so we should just be complacent 

. weighs in : there’s no easy solution to the isis problem : 
the inconvenient truth about war on isis 
. writes in his article why there is no easy military option when it comes to isis . 
isis in syria : no easy military answer to war - cnn 
the inconvenient truth : there's no easy military answer to war on isis 
opinion no simple military solution for beating isis 
isis in no easy military answer to war - 
the inconvenient truth : there's no easy military answer to ( late ) a+ to cnn ! now : a new proxy war ! 
utter bollocks thermonuclear warhead 
. w bush’s iraq/syria mess leaves obama no good options 
you cannot tell that to the gop !!! or fox news ! 
. w bush’s iraq/isis mess left obama with no good options 
good 2 min video . isis in syria : no easy military answer to war - 
rt . w bush’s iraq/isis mess left obama with no good options 
inconvenient truth there's no simple military solution for beating isis 
opinion : no military answer to war on isis 
. w bush’s iraq/syria mess explained . obama has no good options . 
. w bush's iraq/syria mess explained . obama has no good options 
opinion : there's no simple military solution for beating isis 
isis in syria : no easy military answer to war ( european nations ignored the growing menace in 2013 . needed 

rt 5 people arrested during police raid in saint-denis , paris prosecutor's office said . 
dead or alive ? dna tests to see if suspected ring leader died 
2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 
rt 2 terrorist suspects dead in saint-denis : 1 shot by sniper , other blew herself up , french media reports . 
the 2 killed in saint-denis raids still unidentified ; suspected ringleader abaaoud not in custody , prosecutor says . 
2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 
rt french president hollande says he'll ask lawmakers to extend state of emergency by 3 months . … 
rt witnesses report gunfire in saint-denis suburb of paris as authorities hunt for 2 suspects from paris attacks . … 
2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but ringleader's status still unknown 
police detain 25 , uncover weapons in 118 raids 
rt french will use dna testing to determine if paris terror attack ringleader was in apartment raided by police … 
rt 3 suspected terrorists killed in raid in paris suburb of saint-denis , official tells cnn . 3 police officers hurt . … 
2 killed , 8 terror suspects held in france terror raid - 
is this the start of hollande going the trudeau route ? french security does 188 raids in one day cc 
cnn 2015 11 18 world paris attacks index 
saint-denis raid : 3 terror suspects killed , police say - 
rt explosions heard in paris suburb , site of raid hunting for suspects in paris attacks . … 
118 raids in 1 day , a suicide bomber , and gun battle . france is most certainly at war . 
rt raid near paris was " right on time , " police source says , adding suspects " about to move on some kind of operation . " … 
rt suspects have been cornered in building in paris suburb , saint-denis mayor tells cnn affiliate bfm-tv . 
118 raids today : 
rt all 129 of those killed in friday's paris attacks have been identified , french council of ministers says . … 
rt french authorities kill 2 , detain 7 terror suspects in violent raid " 

colbert's paris tribute included rude salute to terrorists 

lotta literate liberal writers out there who aren’t total cartoon characters , cnn . just sayin ’ . 
hey what foreign policy or counter-terrorism qualifications does sally kohn possess & why'd you run this crap ? 
bombing terrorists feeds their ideology 
bombing terrorists makes them stronger 
" i think it's futile to respond to terrorist violence with more violence in a way that creates more terrorists . " 
" you can't bomb bad ideas out of people's heads . " 
the hurts and americans need to swallow their but to defeat we need a new approach . 
hopelessly and irretrievably wrong ... 
pretty sure us just existing feeds their ideology . 
second thoughts on a military response . worth reading . 
in which calls pres obama a terrorist . 
so are you saying was wrong for killing he claims victory ! 
so , has been in power 7 years ... they still attacked us ... 
if we were only nice to them sally they would like us 
in today's exhibit of " people dumber than a bag of hammers " , i give you sally kohn : 
appears sends its employees to the michael moore/ron paul " it's our own damn fault " school as part of indoc 
actually , bombing terrorists tends to feed the total energy applied to the bonds of their cell membranes . 
victim-blaming is the hot new thing 
one-stop shopping for every leftist platitude on this issue 
how can we stop all of these bombings from happening 
your thoughts ? 
libtard sally kohn at her best ... 
bombing terrorists feeds ideology the americans love pepsi cola ( life ) , but we ( isis ) love death . get it ? 
bombing terrorists makes them stronger ( opinion ) - 
bombing feeds their ideology ( opinion ) - 
this article is actually pretty interesting 

jamar clark shooting : officers ' names released 
shvonne johnson is misidentified in your story . she is . former asst dean of students : 
protests erupt in minneapolis after the shooting death of 24 year old who was shot and killed by police . 
names released of officers involved in shooting ; latest updates : 

defiant cover " screw the terrorists ...! " 
hebdo cover : ' screw ' the terrorists 
charlie hebdo publishes defiant cover after the paris attacks : 
they are not isis . they are not isil . they are daesh . ( they hate that name . ) are you afraid ? then they've won . 
rt new charlie defiant cover : ' screw ' the 
charlie hebdo is demonstrating it has no plans to back down and stands fully for france and french culture . ! 
charlie hebdo says it best ! 
in the face of radical islamists creeping-like-an oil-spill every sign of defiance against the ideology counts . 
whether one appreciates the publication or not , i so admire their defined stance toward pathetic souls . 
new charlie defiant cover : ' screw ' the terrorists . 
" they got the weapons -- screw them , we got the champagne ! " says today's charlie hebdo issue 
yeah , screw the terrorists ! 


rt . says he is ending his campaign for u.s. president : " this is not my time . " … 

33 members killed in airstrikes in last 72 hours , monitoring group says : 

video shows nyc footage ; nypd says " no current or specific threat to the city " 
( via ) cnn : video shows nyc footage ; nypd says " no current or specific threat to th … 

blindsided : how did isis grow so fast ? 
how did isis grow so fast ? see special tonight at 9pet 

rt there's no data supporting the so-called " effect , " says u.s. attorney general … 
( via ) cnn : there's no data supporting the so-called " effect , " says u.s. attorn … 

french father explains terror attacks to his young son 
rt see how this father explains to his young son : 
this video melted my heart ❤ ️🇫🇷 
please please play video . in the spirit of the piano player . 
so touching . 
" the flowers and candles are here to protect us . " have you seen this on cnn ? if not , take a minute to watch . 
french explains terror attacks to his young <3 
the flowers and the candle protect us . 
dad of the year ! 
. a father teaching hope to a new generation 
did you see this ? 
what a cute video ! look at that innocent eyes ... " flowers and candles are here to protect us " 
just a glimpse at what is going on in the world through the eyes of a child . 
i know i'm a little late watching this but wow ... hit with the feels . 
this video touched me incredibly on last night's news and goes to show you how universal some things just are .... 
rt father explains to his young son & the video goes viral . see why : … 
watch : father explains attacks to son 
french father explains terrorism , " they have guns but we have flowers " ty 
heart wrenching but powerful ... 
such a moving conversation between father & son about paris terror attacks . 
watch this 
they may have guns but we have flowers . ✌️ 
thought you would be interested in seeing this . 
this nearly made me cry . it's amazing to see the relief in the boy's face at the end . 
rt poor children don't understand evil . so sad that they have to fear anything at such a young age . :'( … 

rt police officers have pinned down suspects in a suburb of latest developments : … 

the white house held a call with u.s. governors about 
" white house held a call w /u.s governors about " /to be a fly on a wall 

the real focus of the gop campaign ? iowa , not syria ( via 
cnn : the real focus of the gop campaign ? iowa , not syria ( via cnnopinion ) ( via jt7.me… 
( via ) cnn : the real focus of the gop campaign ? iowa , not syria … 

could the have been prevented ? takes a closer look 
could the have been prevented ? nicrobertsoncnn takes a closer look 
( via ) cnn : could the have been prevented ? nicrobertsoncnn takes a closer l … 

investors shaken by find safe haven in german markets 
cnn : investors shaken by find safe haven in german markets ( via jt7 … 
rt cnn : investors shaken by find safe haven in german markets 

parisians take back their cafes and bars 
great to see parisians using social media to take back their cafes and bars 

after terror , should paris climate talks go on ? 
climate talks amid terror . i'm heading to europe today . one stop en route to france . 
" you want me to be frightened ..., that i sacrifice my freedom for security , you lost . i will carry on as before . " 

( slightly rewritten ): like are pussies . 
slams republicans over refugee stance 
rt . slams republicans over stance on via & … 
obama slams republicans over refugee stance - cnn international 
" we are not well served when , in response to a terrorist attack , we descend into fear & panic , " is an idiot ! 
thank you obama ! 
yeah do that coward 
isis is going to try to get into the west via the syrian refugee crisis . full stop . period . obama ridicules gop . 
and gop is not saying that every refugee will be a member of isis . but obama props up that straw man anyway . 
i wish i had a chance to make him a president again . love you obama . what a wise , smart , generous man you are . 
obama slammed the gop just this am for suggesting that the refugee influx poses a security threat . 
obama : gop afraid of widows and orphans 
. usa doesn't need anymore of your " setbacks " barry . 
ethical debate represents your opponent's view in terms he would agree with . but is just trolling here : 
obama slams republicans saying syrian refugee discussion incites isis 
obama : " i cannot think of a more potent recruitment tool for isil than some of the rhetoric that's been coming out " 
for virtue and against sin . where're the refugees going to wait out that 18-24 months vetting process mr. president ? 
this is an obama quote : " we are not well served when , in response to a terrorist attack , we descend into fear and ... 
this man is disgusting ... no one is saying don't let in orphans ... send them !!!! maybe just slow the hell down on ... 
wake up , repubs - don't turn the nation into the elitists and separatists you all are . 
angry obama says gop is afraid of " widows and orphans " and helping recruit for isis - 
at a time when obama should be unifying americans against a common enemy and threat ... he's attacking republicans . 
obama says it best : turning away refuggees is a recruitment tool for isis . 
obama clearly doesn't realize it's also many of the regular people who are also concerned w/ 
calls rhetoric on ‘ recruitment tool for politics no longer stops at waters edge 
" first they were scared of the press being too tough on them in the debates . now they're scared of 3 yr old orphans " 
where has this obama been the last couple of years ? 
obama slams republicans over stance 
am proud of obama's brave response and ashamed of republican response on this issue 
obama slams gop over refugees 
obama slams republicans over human being stance - cnn international 
obama slams over stance 
" apparently they are scared of widows and orphans coming into the us " -obama yep . steaming pile of crap right there . 
the fact that anyone even considers only letting christian refugees in is outrageous . 
rt thin-skin slamming repulicans overseas 

reporting from the city with the oldest in 
crisis : fear and hope in the heartland . 

prosecutor : 3 paris attack suspects already known to belgians 

rt " france is our home " : watch this french father explain the to his young son … 

isis says photo shows bomb on russian plane - 
why doesn't anyone realize they put a stowaway on the plane and " it " pushed the trigger to on 
isis publishes photo of what it says is bomb that downed russian plane ... 
isis says photo shows on russian plane - 
this is the reality of the world we're living in . 
cnn : isis publishes photo . says it's bomb that downed russian plane 
isis : photo shows bomb that downed russian jet 
says photo shows bomb on plane - 
food loaders and restaurant workers need to be looked at . you can't even bring a beverage on board . 
isis publishes what it says is bomb that downed russian plane 
bold ... 
is shows ' proof ' that they brought down the russian plane in egypt that killed 124 people . 
metrojet crash dabiq claimed by isis 


don't " scapegoat " catholic bishops and evangelicals say " 
catholic bishops and evangelicals give advice : " don't scapegoat 

. ridicules over foreign policy via 
trump ridicules carson over foreign policy 
rt trump ridicules carson over foreign policy - cnn … 
trump ridicules carson's foreign policy shortcomings 

posters , ticket stubs , memories : lovers reclaim beloved bataclan - cnn international 
posters , ticket stubs , memories : music lovers reclaim beloved bataclan - cnn international 

rt fight against brings putin and together 
" fight against brings putin and together " told yah 

new campaign ad mentions via 
trumpbma2016 : rt cnnpolitics : new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions via … 
bray_anabel : rt cnnpolitics : new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions via j … 
trump talks in latest round of radio ads hitting early states : 
new donald trump campaign ad mentions paris attacks 
new trump campaign ad mentions paris attacks campaigning on dead bodies , new low for trump ? is he getting desperate ? 
trump staffer : " radio is an effective means of communication " me : what the hell is a ' radio' ? 

chris christie : obama ' created ' syrian refugee crisis - - 
rt . on " is a joke " 
chris christie : obama ' created the refugee crisis ' in syria . 
amusing that the christie narrative is " scrappy comebacker " and not " desperate clown " 
chris christie : obama ' created the crisis ' in syria 3rd paragraph finally puts a spotlight a truth 
chris christie : obama ' created the human crisis ' in syria - cnn 
christie : obama ' created refugee crisis ' - bitch please 
no bush did you fat piece of shit ! obama ' created the refugee crisis ' in syria 
half-cocked and half-baked - sez obama ' created the refugee crisis ' in syria 
not bad , only took him 4 days ! 
chris christie : obama ' created the human being crisis ' in syria - cnn international 

" why my state won't turn refugees away " 
hey this is what leadership looks like : 
beautifully said and soundly reasoned . 
rt why my state won't turn refugees away - 
why my state won't turn refugees away wish mine felt the same way . 
we have a moral responsibility . turning away refugees is not the answer . 
why my state won't turn refugees away go de governor , jack markell . 
openly said on that he'd only let christian refugees in the country . very sad . 
rt why my state won't turn away 
thank you , 
the governor of delaware has got to go ! why my state won't turn away 
here is a well-educated take on the refugee situation . can only ask people to educate themselves . 
' why my state won't turn away refugees ' 
good job sometimes you just have to do what's right for humanity . 
delaware governor jack markell says that delaware will accept syrian refugees .... 
( dan ) the truly christian ( and humanistic ) response .... 
just a thought . i respect the governor's decision and agree whole-heartedly with his decision but i disagree ... 
" law is not law if it violates the principles of eternal justice " . brilliant . 
u.s. in 1939 we must or why my won't turn away 
with all due respect governor markell will they be welcomed in alpacas ? 
it is possible to take safety of citizens seriously and welcome via 
good explanation from on why it's important for states to take refugees from syria 
delaware will accept syrian refugees after at least 20 u.s. states refuse to 
" law is not law , if it violates the principles of eternal justice . " - lydia maria child 
rt good article on 
interesting discussion . should we be turning people away or accepting them into our country ? 

palin : governors ' last line of defense ' against isis the queen of ignorant hate returic said something ? ? 
sarah palin : governors ' last line of defense ' against isis 
sarah ' last line of defense ' against this is as stupid as it gets . 
case in point : sarah palin : governors ‘ last line of defense ’ against isis - cnn 
former gov . governors ' last line of defense ' against isis 

tina fey and amy poehler will co-host show . 
tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show november 17 - 
tina fey and amy poehler to co-host show - cnnmoney 
think they’ll play any of your favo(u)rites ? 
yessssss ! " tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show " 
looking forward to tina fey and amy poehler to co-hosting ' snl ' christmas show november 17 - cnnmoney 
amy , tina and bruce on snl - best news in a long time ! via 
tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' saturday night live ' christmas show 
nice // tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show via 
tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show - cnn yas🙌🏼 
tina fey , amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' xmas show , bruce springsteen as musical guest . yay ! 
and to co-host ' snl ' christmas show via 

france and allies tried to kill suspected mastermind previously 

rt police : " serious plans for explosions " thwarted before germany vs netherlands soccer match … 

debunked : what social media got wrong about paris attacks 
paris attacks : what social media got wrong - - 
what got wrong about 
can't believe some people . debunked : what social media got wrong about 
false narratives emerge from paris attacks 
the stories and that social media got wrong about 
using the paris attacks to spread deception : anything to do harm 

gop's " hateful rhetoric " on " a new low " " 
cnn : . hillaryclinton : gop's " hateful rhetoric " on " a new low " ( via jt7.me… 


. takes harsh political rhetoric against the gop abroad -- and some aren't pleased 
( via ) cnn : . potus takes harsh political rhetoric against the gop abroad -- and some aren … 

rt just in : is now claiming responsibility for beirut attacks 
breaking news : now claims responsibility for the attacks in beirut 

rt officials : cell phone believed used by paris attacker recovered . contains message to effect : ok , we're ready . … 
rt cell phone believed used by paris attacker found ; contains message to the effect of : ' we're ready ' , officials say https … 
latest developments in paris attacks 
french police are working hard to get those complicit in the attacks : 
paris attacks investigation : the latest developments for tuesday tragedy 
french police analyzing video that may show a second suspect in paris attacks . 
rt officials : cell phone believed used by paris attacker found ; contains message to the effect of : ' we're ready ' - http … 
investigation : black car , syringes , arrests 
in paris : what you need to know - 
the latest of the terrorist attack on paris 
paris attacks : tuesday's developments 
click this link if you really care about paris terror attacks 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( french police analyzing video that may show a second suspect in paris ... 

rt raid near was " right on time , " police source says , suspects were " about to move on some kind of operation . " … 

an app called telegram is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' . 
rt an app called telegram is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' raises some tough ethical questions 
rt move over twitter , telegram is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' 
an app called telegram is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' via 
when isis terrorists want to hide what they're saying , they are increasingly turning to an app called telegram 
as responsible citizens we need to pressure these app makers to stop aiding issis with helpful apps like this ... 
apparently furries aren't the only ones using telegram : 
isis used telegram for brace yourselves for the incoming comments about & 
this app is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' 
is the ' hot new thing among - + has " help desk " to help them ! via 
these guys are not exactly a cutting-edge , neither . via cnnmoney 
an app called is the ' hot new thing among 
an app called is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' you've been rumbled ! via 
wow this story about the app isis uses is so bizarre . 
telegram app the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' via 
does encryption help terrorist ? 
great report truly sad use of technology app called telegram the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' 
encryption works both ways . privacy or security . an app called telegram is the ‘ hot new thing among jihadists ’ . 
new app called telegram is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' 
app telegram : hot & new among jihadists & isis terrorists hide communication , increasingly turning app telegram @ 
could this app bridge the communication gap between the terrorists and ourselves ? 
nice — putting out there as the hot new jihadist app . 
an app called telegram is the ' hot new messenger among jihadists ' 
the burden of technology . - 

charlie sheen tells nbc's " today show " on tuesday that he is hiv positive 
" charlie sheen tells nbc's " today show " on tue that he is hiv positive " «» 
rt charlie sheen announces that he is hiv positive 

back to the bistro ! after restaurants try to bounce back 

rt breaking : passenger restrained on boston-bound british airways flight : 

rt police tell cnn raid is underway in suburb ; you can hear gunfire in this video . … 

rt authorities : 2 bomb attacks in 24 hours kill dozens , wound more than 120 others in … 

rt parisians take back their cafes and bars by using this hashtag 
lets meet downtown oakville this friday ! 
what about meeting downtown oakville this friday ? 
lets meet in downtown oaville friday 
what about getting together downtown oakville this friday ? beaver 
cnn : parisians take back their cafes and bars by using this hashtag ( v … 

rt vladimir putin is offering a $50 million reward for information on egypt plane bombers … 

police analyzing video that may show a second suspect , french media reported 

" alabama governor : refugees behind major threats to the u.s. " 

rt 3 suspects dead , 3 officers hurt after police raid in suburb , official tells cnn … 

trump : difficult to prove refugees are christian 
. difficult to prove that are christian 
rt trump : difficult to prove refugees are christian 
trump once again says he " would consider closing down mosques , calling it ' common sense '" 

hoverboards , those self-balancing scooters that don't actually hover , are now illegal in nyc 

obama takes harsh political rhetoric abroad 
. takes harsh political rhetoric against the gop abroad via 
obama takes harsh political rhetoric abroad - is such a pud . 
a rhetorical isn't very presidential . should radiate positive outlook . not negative partisan politics ; 
. takes harsh political rhetoric against the gop abroad -- and some aren't pleased 

obama to blame for paris attacks says starwood capital ceo 
conservative douchebag millionaire blames obama for paris attacks 
obama to blame for paris attacks says starwood capital ceo november 17 - cnnmoney 
obama to blame for paris attacks says starwood capital ceo via 
and of course he has to know -----------------------> 
obama to blame for paris attacks says starwood capital ceo - cnnmoney 
obama to blame for attacks says starwood capital ceo via 
starwood capital ceo : obama to blame for attacks 
no sir , you're wrong for saying : to blame for says starwood capital ceo november 17 - cnnmoney 
idiot repub 
the republicans are the only ones who will foolishly put boots on the ground in the middle east !! via 
. how do i cancel my membership & never stay in your hotels again b/c your ceo is a political douche ? 

rt this is diesel . she is a 7-year-old police dog french police say was killed in today's raid . … 



rt thousands of airport workers across the u.s. are going on strike tonight . 
airport workers strike , is on > 
airport workers going on strike 
i have no words . the fact that at 15.00 /hr and able to work 40 hour or more work weeks , blows my mind . they'll ... 
breaking : workers at on strike to protest unfair labor practices 
airport workers across the country go on strike - 
us airport workers going on strike via 

rt just in : eight detained in raids , french prosecutor says 

religious leaders urge the u.s. not to halt the resettlement of syrian refugees 
don't scapegoat syrian refugees , religious leaders say 
don't ' scapegoat ' syrian refugees , catholic bishops and evangelicals say 
don't scapegoat and say 
rt don't ' scapegoat ' catholic bishops and evangelicals say . 
the urges u.s. not to halt resettlement of syrian after via 
religious groups : accept refugees 
don't ' scapegoat ' syrian refugees . bishops , urge us not to halt resettlement via 
rt every so often , religious leaders actually agree on something . welcoming syrian refugees is one of those things : … 
this is exactly what the terrorists want ! to make all islamic and muslim people the enemy . this is simple not ... 
" let's not punish the victims of isis for the sins of isis . " leith anderson , president , natl assoc of evangelicals 
rt to achieve peace we ultimately need to find a way past justifiable fear and retribution , to understanding . … 
rt why do you use ur faith to propagate hate ? these are people ephesians 4:32 https … 
rt exactly how religious groups should act . not like dipshit gops creating crusades . take note candidates . … 
religious leaders being the voice of reason . thank you for that . 
don't scapegoat syrian refugees , evangelicals and bishops say - 
unexpected voices of reason on syrian refugees . 
plz listen even catholic bishops & evangelicals say don't ' scapegoat ' 
don't syrian religious leaders say 
wait , wait , wait ... catholics and evangelicals are agreeing on something ? this is wonderful news ! 
i think everyone should read eat , pray , love . all religion is meditation . 
notorious bleeding heart liberal catholic bishops and evangelicals : don't ' scapegoat ' syrian refugees 
syrian refugees are being punished by not being able to come to the us because of the paris attack . 

french police dog dies in saint-denis raid 
french in saint-denis raid 
thank you , loyal friend . 
rt spreads in honor of diesel , french police dog who died in raid … 
new : a french police dog was also killed in the raid in paris . - story via 
rt diesel 7-year old police dog dies in french raid in saint-denis . this 🐕 had more ❤ ️ than the terrorists http … 
have you seen this story ? it's been trending on social media today with we've got this plus more ... 
may diesel's memory be a blessing 
you are a true hero ! dog bless ! 
rt our hearts are broken today not only because of killed and injured in france but also for k9 diesel who is yet ... https … 
yeah - a woman blew up a police k9 in saint-denis , fr yesterday . so you're correct ! 
not all heroes are human :( 
rt police diesel dies in the line of duty w/ french suicide bombing http … 
rest in peace little hero 
i'm not backing the media completely but i don't think they're lying . 
rip diesel . you died a hero protecting man from the evil that is isis . 
if heaven doesn't have a doggie door , i'll just brave the heat ! 
top dogs link of the day : 
i salute you . 
god bless you baby 🙏🏼 ❤ ️ 
police dog dies in raid 
rt rip , diesel : a french was killed today in a raid , and lovers are paying tribute via https :/ … 
r.i.p. diesel , a hero . 👊✌💔 
murder all of isis 
rt french police dog dies heroically saving entire police team from islamic terrorist cunt . r.i.p. diesel http … 

. ridicules over foreign policy 
. realdonaldtrump ridicules realbencarson over foreign policy 

. looks to seize national security advantage from obama over isis 
the gop looks to seize national security advantage from via 
gop looks to seize security advantage republicans believe the gop has a chance to distort the debate . 
gop to seize national security advantage from obama over isis those idiots never quit being stupid . 
gop looks to seize security advantage over - 
has become so liberal - they are incapable of reporting the facts about obama's national security failures 
you have to love how brazen these short memory gop idiots are . they caused the problem and now they and their ... 
disgraceful from the goparty of ' shrinking government ' i.e. shrinking protections of any kind . 
gop looks to seize national security advantage well terrorists don't like smell of urine soaked pants 
tragedy in great news for the help conservative politicians . 
gop seizes national security advantage from obama over isis 
that isn't too difficult is it ? obama has been like gumby when it comes to isis and other threats to our country . 
gop looks to seize national security advantage from over isis via 
another example of blaming for the mess they've created . 
isis attacked paris , but obama still says he's got things under control . republicans don't buy it . 

. it's difficult to prove refugees are christian 
. realdonaldtrump : it's difficult to prove refugees are christian 
remember ? 👇 " it's difficult to prove refugees are christian " 
smh ... " it's difficult to prove refugees are christian " 

it's official : ' hoverboards ' are now illegal in via 
' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city 
cc : if you're ever in nyc . |'hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city november 18 - 
wow , government just gets worse every day : ' hoverboards ' illegal in new york city via 
' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city - cnn 
' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city - cnn ..... scratch that off the christmas list new yorkers ! 
really ? 😒 
rt ' hoverboards ' are illegal in new york city 
yes . " hoverboards , " aka douchemobiles , are now illegal in nyc ! 
ny state dmv told me fines are up to $50 on the 2nd violation 
money cnn technology hoverboard nyc illegal index 

facebook 
facebook's safety check activated following nigeria bombing 
safety check activated following bombing 
facebook's safety check activated following nigeria … 
sciencedaily releases 2015 11 151118071015 htm 
i was tongue in cheeking but did turn on its 4 
finally 

brings putin and together 
comflexity 
well heck , who is donald gonna choose for vp now ? 
retweeted cnn politics ( brings putin and together 
isis brings putin , obama together 
rt brings putin and potus together | cnnpolitics — cnn philippines ( cnnphilippines ) november 18 , … 
brings putin and potus together | cnnpolitics — cnn philippines ( cnnphilippines ) november 18 , 2015 
two pronged " super power " approach plausible ? " 
will change in dynamics b/t & due to conflicts elsewhere ( syria ) have impact on the via 
brings together 

more than half of u.s. governors say not welcome . this map breaks it down : 

rt thousands of airport workers across the u.s. are going on strike tonight via … 

" groundbreaking same-sex wedding takes place in ireland " 

one thing you can say about this man is that he puts his money where his mouth is .... 
russia is offering $50 million reward for egypt plane bombers 
$50 million dollars bounty by 
offers $50 million reward for plane bombers via 
putin offers $50 million reward for egypt plane bombers 
russia is offering a $50 million reward for egypt plane bombers . 
offers $50 million for info on terrorists behind 

. explains his opposition to admitting syrian refugees 
john kasich explains opposition to admitting syrian refugees 
" you know we understand these people are in trouble , but think about putting somebody on our street .. " 
i don't need an explanation . . 
kasich explains opposition to admitting refugees 

not even 5-year-old orphans . one governor draws a red line on syrian refugees : 

maybe you just need to pay attention ... 
condemn attacks in paris 
retweeted jay howard ( muslims , including butler university student dania saltagi ,... 
cnn has finally broadcasted something positive ! wow i'm shocked lol 
muslim butler student dania saltagi , featured in this article on the social media campaign !... 
muslims condemn attacks in paris 
most people aren't terrorists . let's stand with our muslim friends . 
muslims are speaking out against isis . 
why are you too much of a jerk to report this side of the story ? last night was the opposite : 
muslims condemn paris attacks 
muslims condemn try reading your own news >> << 
condemn isis , but then pretend they have nothing to do with islam . good , not good enough . 
just so you know ... 
rt 1.6 billion muslims & cnn found 3 to speak out against paris . wow cnn , you convinced me muslims oppose terrorism . https : … 
rt the campaign shows muslims appalled at the attacks in paris + condemning those attacks . 
glad to see good muslims standing up against the bad ones ! 
here you go james baker 
- the end of this report where they're washing the sidewalk , hits hard 
good to see ! - condemn attacks in 
" whoever kills an innocent person , it is as though he has killed all of mankind . " - the qur'an 

call out 4 support who does not think america shld get $15 
. endorses for president via 
. endorses hillary clinton for president 
this is pretty huge . . endorses clinton . story on clinton's latest union pick up via 
labor continues to support clinton in this latest endorsement . 
hillary clinton will fight and defend only herself . she will say anything to get elected and to stay out of ... 

after paris attacks : an opportunity for assad ? - 
opinion : the have handed a big opportunity to syria's bashar al-assad 

rep muslims are feeling a need to assert their patriotism after 
rep keithellison : muslims are feeling a need to assert their patriotism after … 
( via ) cnn : rep keithellison : muslims are feeling a need to assert their patriotism after … 

air france flights from us to paris diverted because of bomb threats - cnn 
2 air france flights diverted due to bomb threats 
2 air france flights from u.s. to paris diverted - 
rt two air france flights bound for paris diverted due to bomb threats . 
thank god , my sister was on that plane . im so glad everyone is okay . 
securities linked to travel took a fresh hit , on the heels of diversion of air france-klm flights yesterday 
how long before american football will have to be cancelled on a regular basis . 
we are relieved to hear is safe after her scary flight to europe : 
2 air france jets in emergency landings after bomb threats 
2 air france flights from us to paris diverted because of bomb … 
2 flights from u.s. to diverted because of both flights landed safely tuesday night .. 
2 air france flights from us to paris diverted because of bomb threats 
2 air france flights from us to paris diverted due to bomb threats - cnn 
air france planes diverted due to bomb threats ... one to salt lake 
2 air france flights from us diverted due to bomb threats ! comments ? ~ jo ... 
trevor moran was in the interview 
web dsign 2 air france flights diverte ... 
my thought are with our family members whom are these airplanes . ✈️ 
. com here’s a “ trevor moran was on flight 65 from los angeles to paris to shoot a music video . ” 

here's what we know so far about the 


investors shaken by paris attacks flee to germany 
money cnn investing germany borrowing cost record low index 
borrowing costs in plunge to record lows after via 
paris attacks push investors into safe haven germany 
germany has never been able to borrow money as cheaply as it can now via 

9 held in deadly beirut bombings 
9 people have been arrested in connection with the beirut bombings that left more than 40 dead . 
not only is it happening in paris , but all around the world . we only see what the media shows us 
inform yourself !! 
we focus on the paris bombings but this is happening in other places . we pay attention to the media only 
nine arrested in beirut bombing 
9 held in beirut bombings : 
day before aka isil attacks wounding 200 , killing 41 . too 
isis claims responsibility for beirut bombing 
9 held in deadly bombings 
9 held in deadly that killed more than 40 people and injured over 280 last thursday . 

charlie sheen expected to make a " revealing personal announcement " on " today " show this am 
rt cnn : charlie sheen expected to make a " revealing personal announcement " on " today " show this am … 

" new campaign ad mentions " 
new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions 
( via ) cnn : new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions … 

abdelhamid abaaoud : who is paris ' ringleader' ? - 
. weighs in on abdelhamid abaaoud , the suspected ringleader of the attacks 
who is abdelhamid abaaoud , suspected ringleader of the paris terror attack ? : 
rt breathtakingly good reporting by here : 
rt who is abdelhamid abaaoud , suspected ringleader of paris attack ? 
france tried to kill suspected ringleader last month 
ringleader : was he killed ? 
inside isis plot to attack heart of europe 
who is this guy and what make him the leader ? find out more about abdelhamid abaaoud . 
“ abaaoud , in his late 20s , is believed to be close to isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi ” 
ringleader raid targets isis leader 
who is abdelhamid the the terror attack .. the world brought to its knees by that skinny stinking bastard 😡 
' ringleader ' of paris headed belgian cell - 
inside plot to attack heart of europe 
what cnn claims they know about abdelhamid abaaoud , suspected ringleader of the paris terror attack 

rt germany-netherlands soccer match canceled ; fans at hanover stadium asked to leave , police say . 
rt happening now : german stadium evacuated ahead of soccer match with netherlands 
germany netherlands soccer canceled 
' serious plans for explosions ' cancel netherlands-germany soccer match 
rt stadium in germany evacuated after " serious plans for explosions , " police chief says . 
rt cancels soccer match due to credible threats of imminent attack . 
' serious plans for explosions ' cancel netherlands-germany football match fucking cowards 
rt ‼️ hanover threat ‼️ soccer stadium evacuated . contained ? think not 
' serious plans for explosions ' cancel match 
' serious plans for explosions ' cancel soccer match 
' iraqi sleeper cell ' targeted germany football match 
modest proposal for angela merkel : dissolve all football teams to reduce risk of letting in millions from mideast 
german stadium evacuated before match with netherlands - 

with 7,512 terror-related deaths , contributed 23% of global terrorism killings in 2014 
“ a worldwide trend of increased terrorism - now at its highest level ever ” 
terror-related killings rose by 80% in 2014 . syria , iraq , pakistan , & afghanistan contributed 78% of this 
rt deaths from global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , according to a new report . … 
global terrorism is on the rise , obama has no strategy to combat it : 
rt global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , says report 
deaths from global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 with 32,658 people being killed , 
global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , says study 
boko haram and isis were responsible for more than half of all terrorism deaths in 2014 . 
so only australia& " eastasia " r terrorism free whos coming w/me ? 

lawmakers turn their focus to security in the wake of the via 
lawmakers turn focus to security in wake of paris attacks 
follow the money ! terrorists don't seem to wok for a living . unless their " job " is to kill innocent people every ... 
the paris attacks are reverberating on capitol hill as lawmakers turn their attention to security : 

rt charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . 
rt charlie sheen to " today " : i've paid millions to people who extorted me over hiv diagnosis . … 
man ! who else missed out on the secret ??! 💸💸 
says he is 
" to eradicate hiv once and for all , we must first eradicate the stigma attached to it . stigma prevents people ... 
is brave to admit that he is hiv-positive 
so charlie sheen's hiv positive ... go figure 
rt via cnn breaking news : charlie sheen is hiv positive , the actor tells “ today ” show . … 
charlie sheen says he's hiv-positive - 
stay strong ♥ 
hope this doesn't hurt his image . charlie sheen hiv-positive 
and this made the national news because ...? 
he is awesome ! 
remix star , banger of 7 gram rocks , says he has hiv . 
now you don't have to pay anyone to keep your secret . charlie sheen hiv-positive 

at a glance : wednesday's developments 
rt 33 isis members killed in airstrikes in past 3 days , monitoring group says . 
an video warns of an impending attack on see the latest : 
we must change . it cannot wait . latest : muslim woman , jewish teacher attacked 
paris attacks at a glance : only after 9/11 muslims defiantly put on the burka & the west is too stupid to see it ! 
attacks at a glance : wednesday's developments and new street violence in last night 
muslim woman was hit and stabbed & a jewish teacher was stabbed " by individuals uttering anti-semitic remarks 
with tensions running high across france , two attacks in the southern city of marseille drew sharp condemnation ... 
latest : new isis video threatens new york ... 
paris attacks : what you need to know - 
new isis video threatens new york . big wow the free world wants all your isis asses turned into pig food , trumped ! 
this video has been around for months . don't make it seem like this is a new threat . 
new isis video threatens attack on new york city . also today three men in france stab a jewish teacher . one was ... 
hey i found the video ( referenced in your nyc threat video clip ( it's stock footage . 
oh no you are not‼we're not scared‼️isis released a video promising an on 
latest developments : what we know right now 
via cnn : an isis video released wednesday warns of an impending attack on new york . 
we need to be on high alert at all times .... new isis video threatens new york 
happening now : new isis video threatens new york 
great job 
latest : jewish teacher attacked in marseilles 
now an isis threat against new york . 

names released of officers involved in shooting ; latest updates : 
cnn : names released of officers involved in shooting ; latest updates : ( via jt … 
( via ) cnn : names released of officers involved in shooting ; latest updates : … 

test foreign policy credentials 
test realbencarson's foreign policy credentials 


. on not even 5-year-old orphans 

lawmakers turn focus to security in wake of 
cnn : lawmakers turn focus to security in wake of ( via … 

rt the inconvenient truth : there's no military answer to war on isis ( via 
cnn : the inconvenient truth : there's no military answer to war on isis ( via cnnopinion ) ( … 

. sets socialism speech date to compete with via 
cnn politics sen. bernie sanders ' long-awaited speech on democratic socialism has been s … 
this will be interesting ! 
bernie will explain what democratic socialism is , and his views moving forward . for all who are scared of this ... 
bernie sanders sets socialism speech date 
sanders sets socialism speech date to compete with clinton / oh yeah !! 
rt bernie sanders sets socialism speech date - 
sets dem socialism speech date to compete with so she can 
heads up . sets socialism speech date ( tomorrow ? ) to compete with hillary clinton 
if this guy gets in we'll all wear sack-cloth in the end . i guess that could be counted as one form of equality ! 
sanders sets speech date to compete with clinton 
. sets the date for his socialism speech — same day as foreign policy address : 

extent of isis in syria's role in plotting questioned 
extent of in syria's role in plotting attacks questioned . 
extent of isis in syria's role in plotting paris attacks questioned 
4 . 2015 paris massacre , isis , syrian direction potentials : extent of isis in syria's role in attacks questioned 
here we go again . muddling around about where and % of radicalness of the islamic perps . an inconvenient truth . 
extent of in role in plotting questioned 
interesting to know how little we know about what happened in paris : 
isis in syria's role paris attacks questioned who cares ? rather quick response by france , hu ? exactly 
cnn politics paris terror attacks isis syria index 

authorities gave the all-clear in diverted air france flights : 
cnnmoney : rt cnn : authorities gave the all-clear in diverted air france flights : 

rt french president hollande invokes eu treaty , hoping to build coalition against isis 

opinion : drop that facebook logo 
enough with the flag logo 
enough with the french flag facebook logo 
opinion : enough with french flag facebook logo - 
retweet if yoiu agree , enough with the french flag facebook profile pics link : 
over trivializing the french tri-colour . stop it 
if you’re an american w/ a facebook french profile pic , wow , what a true patriot ! now , on to cat videos . harsh ? 
enough with the french flag logo 
i can't disagree with this . also , no one changed to russia or beirut's flag ... " enough with the french flag fb logo " 
" an american with a french facebook flag demeans the war on terror and is as effective as a smiley face . " 
why you shouldn't tri color your social media profile pictures 
another core component of american and french democracy is freedom of expression | 
interesting read . 
why your tricolor support doesn't mean shit . 
american leadership needs to translate the requirements for the war on terror from symbols to tangible action . 
james mulvaney doesn't agree with your profile pics , you guys , so , you know , better switch them back now . 
i couldn't agree more . people need to actually help , not just bandwagon on social media . 
" i am not going to tricolor my face " : james mulvaney writes that the logo trivializes the war on terror 
i'm keeping my tricolor facebook ! you can shove it and go back to your " careless " life ! 
agreed . proves again why it's a mistake to expect deep thoughts from anyone on facebook . 
i totally agree ! 
wtf is this guys problem , tell me what you think ... 
in case you didn't have enough poutrage in your daily diet . 
where was james mulvaney's call to bring down facebook backgrounds during the rainbow gay marriage days ? 
i only changed my picture because it was at the very least what i could do to show support . will i keep it like ... 
unfortunately not enough people will read this opinion piece 

rt facebook's safety check activated following bombing in yola , nigeria : 
ketchcast : rt cnn : facebook's safety check activated following bombing in yola , nigeria : 

rt what we know about abdelhamid abaaoud , the suspected ringleader of the attacks : … 

rugby legend jonah lomu has died . the former new zealand player was 40 . " 
rugby legend jonah lomu dies , age 40 
sad to see jonah pass , he made rugby amazing for me ! rip 
jonah lomu : all black rugby great dies , age 40 
all black rugby legend jonah lomu dies at 40 
so sad !! i can't believe it . rip to one of the greatest . jonah lomu dead at 40 
rt gone too soon . he made me a rugby fan . rugby legend jonah lomu has died aged 40 . … 

rt the mother and father of football analyst doug flutie died within an hour of each other . … 

rt 129 people died in these are the names of the victims we know so far : … 

rt how they started , what they want . how shook the world airs tonight … 

an app called telegram is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' . 
rt move over twitter , telegram is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' 
when isis terrorists want to hide what they're saying , they are increasingly turning to an app called telegram 
as responsible citizens we need to pressure these app makers to stop aiding issis with helpful apps like this ... 
apparently furries aren't the only ones using telegram : 
isis used telegram for brace yourselves for the incoming comments about & 
this app is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' 
is the ' hot new thing among - + has " help desk " to help them ! via 
these guys are not exactly a cutting-edge , neither . via cnnmoney 
an app called is the ' hot new thing among 
an app called is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' you've been rumbled ! via 
wow this story about the app isis uses is so bizarre . 
telegram app the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' via 
does encryption help terrorist ? 
great report truly sad use of technology app called telegram the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' 
encryption works both ways . privacy or security . an app called telegram is the ‘ hot new thing among jihadists ’ . 
new app called telegram is the ' hot new thing among jihadists ' 
app telegram : hot & new among jihadists & isis terrorists hide communication , increasingly turning app telegram @ 
could this app bridge the communication gap between the terrorists and ourselves ? 
nice — putting out there as the hot new jihadist app . 
an app called telegram is the ' hot new messenger among jihadists ' 
the burden of technology . - 

' jihadi john ' associate arrested 
associate on his way to europe was arrested in turkey 
associate on his way to was arrested in - 
jihadi john associate arrested in turkey - 
our terrorist pal is fortunate we don't behead people . jihadi john associatewas arrested in turkey 

an uplifting interview with a very loving couple that survived the " horror night " at the bataclan . bowdery spoke ... 
survivor details horrors inside concert hall 
one courageous and stoic couple . 
this interview anderson cooper did with survivors of the paris terrorist attacks is absolutely incredible 
it's not the possessions or money you think about when near death , it's the people . please watch until the end . 
incredible account of a survivor who was inside the theater on friday 
paris attack survivor isobel bowdery details horrors 
someone did finally talk to isobel bowdery about her night at the bataclan 

how ' glaring ' intelligence failures allowed a second bout of terror in paris 
glaring intelligence failure let in terrorists 
paris attack demonstrates massive intelligence failures 

. josh earnest defends " setback " remarks 
. presssec josh earnest defends potus's " setback " remarks 

rt white house , governors to discuss syrian refugees this afternoon/evening : 
the white house holds a call with governors about 
rt the white house is holding a call with governors about 
white house , governors discuss - 
rt . we need to pause on bringing 

rt poll : most americans oppose resettling in the u.s. 

a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess has been repeatedly vandalized : 
( via ) cnn : a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess has been repeatedly … 

rt . slams gop for suggesting that refugees coming from syria pose a security threat … 

back to the bistro ! paris restaurants try to bounce back 
back to the bistro ! paris restaurants try to bounce back via 
back to the bistro ! paris restaurants try to bounce back - cnn 

new charlie hebdo defiant cover : " screw " the terrorists 

rt debunked : what social media got wrong about the 

isis threatens new york 
video threatens 
not surprising ... 
daesh are riding on a wave they see as success ; stop giving them what they want ! 
new video threatens new york city 
rt we're awaiting news conference from on threat … 
new york mayor bill de blasio said new york will not be intimidated by the video warning from isis . 
( cnn)a new isis video released wednesday warns of an impending attack on new york city . the video mentions times ... 
isis video threatens nyc . evil succeeds through fear and disunity . nyc stands united with paris and not afraid . 
his words actually make me feel safe being there , but ... 
new isis video released wednesday threatens to attack new york city . 
hopefully just a bluff cuz they know we'll fidget ... 
props to nyc won't be intimidated . 
new york city is on a heightened state of alert after a video shows a bomber in times square . enough is enough !!... 
these jihadist are deceived . taking lives while their leaders are sitting back enjoying the entertainment . 
keep a watchful eye , be safe , but also don't let them stop you from enjoying life .... 
smh . get ready . 
mayor - nyc will not be intimidated by video threats against new york city 
this is scary i have friends who live in nyc and even my boyfriend works just blocks away from times square 
nypd helps isil threaten nyc while saying there is no threat . 
jesus , come back soon . 
cnn us new york isis threat index 

the inconvenient truth : there's no easy military answer to war on 

poll : americans oppose syrian refugees in u.s. - 
most americans are siding with republicans on restricting cnn : 
rt poll : most americans oppose resettling in the u.s. via … 
keep out of this country ! americans don't want them ! 
poll : most of us doesn't want from : cnn 
oppose in u.s. - cnn 
so much for us being christian . a lie . 
poll : americans oppose in u.s. 
it's things like this that are misleading . polling 628 is nowhere near representative of the us population . 
oppose in ... so we'r all 
poll : most americans believe president barack obama should halt plans to accept syrian refugees 
rt a new poll shows the majority of americans don't want new in the u.s. 
poll : most americans oppose resettling syrianrefugees in the u.s. via eric bradner 

rt french soccer fans find unity in english arms 


rt more than half the nation's governors say syrian refugees not welcome 

6 dead in texas campsite attack ; suspect in custody 
cnn : 6 dead in texas campsite attack ; suspect in custody ( via ) 

opinion : the have handed a big opportunity to syria's bashar al-assad 
( via ) cnn : opinion : the have handed a big opportunity to syria's bashar al … 

rt after terror attacks , should paris climate talks go on ? ( via 
after terror attacks , should paris climate talks go on ? ( via cnnopinion ) 
“ after terror attacks , should paris climate talks go on ? ( via ” huh ? 
( via ) cnn : after terror attacks , should paris climate talks go on ? … 
" after terror attacks , should paris climate talks go on ? ( via " heck no ! 

. josh earnest defends isis " setback " remarks 
josh earnest defends obama's isis ' setback ' remarks 
who cares what they say on faux news ??? 
the term set-back implies a level of success in the first place . numerous have stated there's not even a strategy . 

. discussing upcoming revelation on the 
charlie sheen expected to disclose he is hiv positive on ' today ' show 
top story de - charlie sheen discloses he is hiv positive on … see more 
charlie sheen discloses he is hiv positive on ' today ' show - nov . 16 , 2015 see more 
top story : practice charlie sheen to make ' revealing person … see more 
top story today : charlie sheen to make ' revealing personal announcement ' on tod … see more 
whoa ... charlie sheen admits to being hiv+ ... sad ... 
expected to reveal hiv positive status this morning on nbc's today show 
reports say will announce he's hiv-positive on the this morning : 
rt charlie sheen expected to disclose he is hiv positive on ' today ' show 
expected to disclose he is positive on ' today ' show . 
charlie sheen is rumored to be making the announcement on the today show that he is hiv positive later today .... 

can europe afford border controls ? 
can europe afford border controls ? - cnn 

ketih ellison : ' muslim-americanness ' makes me patriotic - - 
keith ellison : community to ' assert muslim-americanness ' 
. the community needs to " assert muslim-americanness " via 
rt muslim us congressman should organize muslims to fight isis rather than pr that american muslims are patriotic : … 
that anyone , much less a member of u.s. congress , is ever put in this position is not cool . not cool at all . 
what sensibility and really look like ... 
muslim congressman keith ellison : ' this is not who we are ' 
my rep keith ellison keeping it real in refugee discussion - 
obama is going to be missed ! best president yet . community to ' assert muslim-americanness ' 
2015 grad speaker rep on muslim-american patriotism & paris attacks 
rep. keith ellison : " do you really want daesh to dictate terms to the united states ? " 
this inaccurate what's happening is christian refugees are being barred from entry . muslims allowed ' 
we shouldn't be playing into hands …. " community to ' assert 
keith ellison : ' muslim-americanness ' makes me patriotic - amazing the things people forget 
keith ellison : community 2 ' assert muslim-americanness ' save ur b/s . we must protect this house cost 
muslim congressman : this isn't who we are 
we can't afford to put our guard down 
" these folks are letting fear make them forget our constitution , " 
keith ellison ( d-min . ) reminds the congress of first amend . to the constitution , freedom of religion 

rt " i would tell him to surrender " says brother of paris suspect salah abdeslam to … 
" i would tell him to surrender " says brother of paris suspect salah abdeslam to outfrontcnn … 

rt goes viral in honor of the french police dog who died in the raid … 


" you can't make me hate " 
absolutely beautiful : the husband of victim tells isis : you can't make me hate 
" you will not have my hatred .... or my son's hatred either . " 
husband of paris victim sends defiant facebook message - 
❤ ️💙 ❤ ️ & husband of paris victim tells isis : you can't make me hate & their 17 m/o " happy & free " 
rt powerful- hats off to this man . have much to learn of compassion from people of all faiths . " you can't make me hate " http … 
amazing response . " i will not give you the privilege of hating you " . 
the husband of paris victim tells isis : will americans take his advice . i have faith . should i 
touching story must read 
yes . the article is perfect . 
rt amazing response . 
" this little boy will affront you by being happy and free " husband of paris victim : you can't make me hate 
" i will not give you the privilege of hating you . you certainly sought it , but replying to hatred with anger ... 
" friday night you took away the life of an exceptional human being , the love of my life , the mother of my son ,... 
husband of paris victim : i will not hate you 
rt love this ... 
defiance husband of victim to isis : you can't make me hate 
powerful ... the post was translated from french , and edited for clarity : you will not have my hatred friday ... 
the husband of paris victim tells you can't make me what a courageous man ! 
here here ❤ 
imagine all the people ... 
this is true power " you will not have the privilege of my hate " -parisian mourner . 
wow , true , hatred feeds hatred , good read about a man that lost the love of this his life ( married 12 years ) and ... 

could the government shut down over 
why not ? gop's done it before . could the government shut down over refugees ? 
could the food fight on cap hill over syrian refugee program cause a government shutdown ? story w/ -- 

" the husband of victim tells you can't make me hate " 
a stark yet beautiful reminder 

nfl great's parents die hour apart 
mother and father of football analyst doug flutie die within an hour of each other . 
did you hear this crazy story about doug flutie ? both of his parents died within the same hour today . 
my heart goes out to my childhood hero re : loss of his parents " no eye has seen , no ear has ... 1cor 2:9 " 
doug flutie loses parents an hour apart 
so tragic ! football great doug flutie loses parents an hour apart 
football great doug flutie loses parents an hour apart - cnn 
doug flutie's parents die within an hour of each other : " they say you can die of a broken heart and i believe it " 


rt . to blame for says starwood capital ceo 
. potus to blame for says starwood capital ceo 

what's life like for in the u.s. ? visits iowa to learn more 
what's life like for in the u.s. ? mbasucnn visits iowa to learn more 
( via ) cnn : what's life like for in the u.s. ? mbasucnn visits iowa to lea … 

rt honduras detains 5 syrian men traveling with fake passports . 
honduras detains 5 syrians over fake passports - 
honduras detains 5 syrians over fake greek passports , likely headed to united states 
rt this is why the whole vetting idea has many worried : 
syrians detained over passports 
remember guys , none of these " refugees " could possibly be terrorists 
. why bury this little paragraph 2/3 of way down . why not first paragraph ? 
' we suppose that they were going to illegally travel by land all the way to the united states . ' 

rt publishes photo of what it says is bomb that downed russian plane 

rt honduran police detain 5 syrians over fake passports 
“ honduran police detain 5 syrians over fake passports ” 

. calls for a pause in refugee program 

rt muslims turned to social media using the hashtag to condemn … 
rt lucasjalyl " rt cnn : muslims turned to social media using the hashtag to condemn … " 

rt updated number from paris prosecutor : 2 suspected terrorists killed in raid … 
mayorbillfinch : rt cnn : updated number from paris prosecutor : 2 suspected terrorists killed in raid … 

rt faa : air france flight headed from la to paris diverted due to security incident . 
second air france flight from u.s. to paris diverted . 
2 air france flights from u.s. to paris diverted - 
2 jets were diverted after bomb threats : 
2 air france flights diverted due to bomb threats 
how long will the threats last ? bomb threats on 2 flights from us to 
2 air france flights from u.s. diverted after bomb threats 
2 flights from u.s. to paris diverted because of bomb threats 

. may have aired from nyc monday night , but its heart was in paris 
. colbertlateshow may have aired from nyc monday night , but its heart was in paris 
( via ) cnn : . colbertlateshow may have aired from nyc monday night , but its heart was in p … 

. endorses for president 
cnn : . seiu endorses hillaryclinton for president ( via ) 

rt opinion : bombing terrorists makes them stronger via 
i agree " opinion : bombing terrorists makes them stronger via " 
opinion : bombing terrorists makes them stronger via via 
not if it is accurate ... rt bombing terrorists makes them stronger via 

. : ' hateful rhetoric ' on syrian refugees ' a new low ' 
clinton : gop's ' hateful rhetoric ' on syrian refugees ' a new low ' hillary as clueless as obama 
rt . : ' hateful rhetoric ' on syrian refugees ' a new low ' 
when do u inform re gop govern by bible ? clinton : gop's ' hateful rhetoric'/'a new low ' 
clinton : gop hits ' a new low ' 
clinton to outline plan to beat isis 
. gop's " hateful rhetoric " on is " a new low " 
brilliant slams 
shame on the gop ! did the same to jews during the holocaust . 
clinton : gop talk on refugees ' low ' h trying to divide w/her ' hateful rhetoric ' 
" we can't act as though we are shutting the door to people in need without undermining who we are as americans , " ... 
' hateful rhetoric/new low w/ her " works " wasn't new low enuff ? 
clinton : gop's ' hateful rhetoric ' on refugees ' a new low ' 

syrian refugees not welcome ... : 
land of the free & the home of the brave [*] . [*] some exceptions apply . offer not valid in tx , la , al , ms , ga … 
syrian refugees not welcome in 31 u.s. states - 
u.s. states say they won't admit syrian refugees 
not sure what it means to live in a grey state , seems i should live in a yellow state ... 
good grief , us governors … don't you remember who we are ? " give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses ... 
shame on those governors !! useless .... 
piece on us states refusing syrian refugees after recent events could be a good topic for projects 
more than half of the states in the u.s are refusing to accept syrian refugees . 
us governors refusal of syrian refugees following tragedy in paris is evidence of intense islamophobia . 
.. should we take care of the veterans and the homeless first or the refugees ? 
not going to vacation in states governed by hateful , anti-american governors . something i can do ! 
out of the 31 states not accepting refugees , 30 align with the gop . ( nh the exception ) 
we caused the war ... we created isis and these 31 states are showing the world this ... 
but , are they listened to ? requests honored ? more than half nation's governors say syrian refugees not welcome 
rt states reject refugees .. damn right ! who's knows how many suicide bombers are amongst them .. 
democrat and republican governors join together against obama's policy --> 
this is not ok ppl 
into usa nor any country refugees can be absorbed by other ... 
rt 26 say not welcome http … 
only 1,500 syrian refugees have been accepted into the united states since 2011 . 
... cnn from yesterday : vox from 2 hours ago : 
virginia's noncommittal in accepting 
they shouldn`t be over here at all ! 
after paris attacks , syrian refugees shunned in u.s. - 
31 states oppose taking syrian refugees 
this makes me so angry . apparently we are not human beings anymore and we won't help families in need . 
more than half of us states protest taking in syrian refugees because of concerns about terrorism 
finally an overwhelming consensus , is there too much at stake ? all you need is to do is read almost every day lately … 
rt now , 31 governors say no to syrian refugees . 

rt 2 air france flights from u.s. to were diverted last night because of bomb threats … 
2 air france flights from us to diverted last night due to bomb threats via 

rt the will hold a call with governors tonight to discuss 
cnn : the whitehouse will hold a call with governors tonight to discuss ( v … 

rt " enough with the french flag facebook logo please , " writer says . your thoughts ? … 

u.s. attorney general loretta lynch : no data to support ' ferguson effect ' 
no " ferguson effect . " can't wait for the next police lie . 
obama's us attorneygen double talk : no data to support ' ferguson effect ' while certainly might be anecdotal evidence 
loretta lynch : no data supporting the ' ferguson effect ' 
if they're doing nothing wrong , it shouldn't matter ! u.s. attorney general : no data to support ' ferguson effect ' 

social media rallies around charlie sheen after hiv announcement 

rt two air france flights were diverted tuesday night because of bomb threats , officials said . … 

" can europe afford border controls ? " 

" alabama governor : refugees are behind u.s. attacks , threats via " 
alabama governor : refugees behind u.s. attacks - 
rt alabama governor : refugees behind u.s. attacks , threats 
when you fill a country with ' refugees ' ' migrants ' you no longer have a nation , but a 3rd world country that can ... 
governor : refugees behind us attacks , threats 
rt alabama gov : refugees behind us attacks idiot . 745000 refugees in us since 9/11 only 2 iraqis a … 
alabama gov : refugees behind us attacks idiot . 745000 refugees in us since 9/11 only 2 iraqis arrested for terrorism 
missibama gub complete or total fucking idiot ? via or 
alabama governor : refugees behind u.s. threats 
alabama gov . bentley says he's been informed refugees were behind most major security threats since sept . 11 
dept homeland security runs incompetent tsa governors have the national intelligence of a literate person w/ twitter 
if the united states was in a similar situation americans would demand refuge elsewhere . 
alabama’s governor claims refugees are behind most of the post-9/11 us threats : 

an app called is the " hot new thing among jihadists " 
lmmfao " an app called is the " hot new thing among jihadists " " 

first same-sex wedding in ireland - 
some good and positive news in the world ! congrats ireland ! 
congratulations to the first same-sex couple to be married in ireland ! 
groundbreaking same-sex marriage in ireland 
go ireland ! 
ireland same-sex marrriage - 
today , ireland began officially recognizing same-sex marriages . love wins !... 
ireland has joined the growing list of nations where same-sex couples are getting married 
ireland's first same-sex marriage 
groundbreaking same-sex marriage in ireland congrats to ireland , again . 

11-year-old female suicide bomber 
suicide bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
if there is a " hell " , a reservation is made for whoever brainwashed an 11 year old child to do this cowardly act . 
rt at least 31 killed , 72 hurt in bomb blast in nigerian city of yola , local red cross official says . 
rt an 11-year-old girl just carried out a suicide bombing . but please , continue joking about children refugees . … 
promise i will keep the tweets light after this , but tragedy is far too commonplace . be thankful for what you have . 
rt why do they hate nigerians ? 
omfg when will this end 
11 yr old was bomber 
girl , 11 , was nigeria bomber 
bomb blasts in yola and kano , nigeria , - 
rt suicide bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
police : suicide bombers both apparently female , one of them 11 hit nigerian market . tragedy stand with nigeria ! 
bomb blast kills dozens in nigerian city of yola - 
what the fuck ? 
rt hey potus- minivan with 6 children suicide bombers , one of them 11 , target nigeria market 
police : suicide bombers , one of them an 11 year old girl , target nigeria market - boko haram via 
rt let's be sure to lift up the as fiercely as we lift up 
using an 11 year old girl as a suicide bomber is just awful . prayers for nigeria and for the world right now .. 
rt 11-year-old female suicide bomber . fucking global warming 
children are not suicide bombers ; they are captives w/ bombs strapped to them . suicide bomber , age 11 , nigeria 
rt 11-year-old female suicide bomber … 
rt 11-year-old female suicide bomber 
rt children being used in suicide attacks . 
rt suicide bombers in nigeria market were 11 & 15yr old girls ! terrorists r not only men so much 4 vetting ' refugees ' … 
pray for nigeria ! 

rt hashtag trends in honor of french police dog who died in raid … 
rt “ hashtag trends in honor of french police dog who died in raid http … 

deaths from global terrorism increased by 80% in 2014 , according to a new report . 

rt delaware governor : why my state won't turn refugees away 

. governors are " our last line of defense " against isis 

3 people arrested in western germany in connection with german media reports 

rt white house issues veto threat refugee bill 1/2 11% say only christian syrians should … 
white house issues veto threat refugee bill 1/2 11% say only christian syrians should be admitted ... 
white house issues veto threat over refugee bill 
( s ) president obama is threatening to veto the refugee bill hr 4038 drafted by congressional republicans . is ... 
the issues a veto threat over the bill via 
obama will veto a bill that requires systems be put in place to ensure that refugees pose no security threat . he ... 
to the biggest domestic terrorist ever in u.s , hussein i say 
obama says he'll veto gop refugee bill if he represented the us , he would be a president of " true values " . ... ( pos 
once again the fights against playing favorites is unconstitutional ! 
of course . mr obama the dictator . 
hell obama let them all in what could possibly go wrong ??????? 
to veto bill requiring enhanced screening of to enter usa 
doesn't care about and the of its to listen to the ... 
good explainer by colleague & neighbor on veto threat of refugee bill - 

bobby jindal announces he is ending presidential campaign 
rt jindal : ' i've come to the realization that this is not my time . ' 
. is ending his campaign for president . " i've come to the realization that this is not my time . " 
jindal ends presidential campaign 
louisiana gov bobby jindal bows out of 2016 race 
if a tree falls in the forest , and nobody is there to vote for it , does it make a sound 
* the price is right sad horns * 
alfred e . newman is out of the race ... we're running out of clowns . 
" i've come to the realization that this is not my time . " it never was it never was . 
rt queue queen ; another one bites the dust 
jindal releases his supporters - both of them - to vote for someone else ... ending presidential campaign 
and another one off the bus ! 
rt another one bites the dust jindal announces he is ending his presidential campaign , realizes " it's just not my time " h … 
bobby announces he is ending presidential campaign 
looked awkward talking to his own family in his own back yard . he never had a hope in hell . 
👍🏽now he can go back to understudying for bob denver in that very special episode of gilligan's island : 
oh no piyush , we're going to miss you .... not !!!!!! 
jindal drops out of presidential race good riddance 
now waiting for to also announce the same 
he says , " it's over ! " 

hollande invokes eu treaty , hoping to build coalition against isis - 
invokes treaty , hoping to build coalition against 
invokes hoping to build against isis - does what should have cnn 

social media hails charlie sheen after hiv announcement 
social media hails charlie sheen why praise irresponsible behavior ? how many has he infected ? 
social media hails charlie sheen af based business network 
social media hails sheen after announcement 
social media and charlie sheen . 
social media shows love after he reveals his status 
in case anyone has missed this mornings social media conversation 
charlie sheen has long been controversial , but social media rallied around him after he reveale .. 
a surprisingly positive social media response for someone with such a negative image ! 
this : social media shows love after he reveals his status 
social media hails charlie sheen after announcement 
social media hails charlie sheen for revealing that he is hiv-positive 
wow . rt social media shows love after he reveals his status 
charlie sheen finally confirms what everyone suspected .... 

opinion : the world should do more to help turkey , lebanon and jordan take on syrian refugees 
( via ) cnn : opinion : the world should do more to help turkey , lebanon and jordan take on … 

129 victims , each with their own story . explore our interactive : 
“ 129 victims , each with their own story . explore our interactive : ” 

rt is self-destructive for a reason , writes for … 
( via ) cnn : is self-destructive for a reason , fridaghitis writes for cnnopinion … 

posters , ticket stubs , memories : music lovers reclaim beloved 
cnn : posters , ticket stubs , memories : music lovers reclaim beloved ( via jt7 … 
( via ) cnn : posters , ticket stubs , memories : music lovers reclaim beloved … 


officers shot and wounded during raid seeking suspect in paris terrorist attacks , cnn affiliate bfmtv reports . 
rt german police say they've made 5 arrests in operations linked to paris attacks . 
rt " strong presumption " that a 2nd person linked to the paris attacks is at large , source close to probe says . … 
rt witnesses report gunfire in paris suburb ; police officers may have been shot 
rt before paris attacks , france and allies tried to target isis member believed to have planned attack , source says . … 
more attacks in france ... 
brother of suspect salah abdeslam : surrender 
heavy gunfire in suburb of paris 
police say raid underway in paris suburb as witnesses report gunfire 
gunfire reported amid police raid in saint-denis , near paris - 
rt police officers shot & wounded during raid seeking suspect in paris terrorist attacks , cnn affiliate bfmtv reports . http … 
aftermath : brother's message to suspect being sought : surrender 
first , police raid paris suburb , heavy gunfire - h/t 
gunfire reported amid police raid near paris 

rt . sets long-awaited socialism speech date to compete with … 
( via ) cnn : . berniesanders sets long-awaited socialism speech date to compete with hillar … 
. berniesanders sets long-awaited socialism speech date to compete with hillaryclinton 

texas campsite attack : 6 dead , suspect in custody . 
6 dead in campsite murder spree 
and we're worried about refugees ? 
authorities investigating after at texas campsite 
police arrested a suspect , william hudson , 33 , and charged him with one count of murder , setting bond at $2.5 ... 
one surviving witness . 
slaughter ! six shot dead ! dear terrorist group daesh isn't your problem . 
texas campsite murder 
another maddening gun violence in texas - 6 dead , another chid life lost 
please will you close illinois borders to people from texas until our safety can be assured ? 
how many more guns does the nra want william hudson to have that would stop him from murdering these people ? 
i'm sure they had guns to protect themselves from this bad guy , isn't this texas ?? 
6 found dead at campsite . 
one suspect is in custody after six people were killed at a texas campsite 
authorities investigating after murders at texas campsite 
six found dead at texas campsite - 
6 found dead at texas campsite 
trade : al ( and 21 states ) , you get the u.s. guys like this that are in the news everyday , and others take refugees : 
authorities investigating after killings at texas campsite 
authorities investigating after killings at campsite 
we should reject entry to pennsylvania of all texans killings at texas campsite 
i don't think we have heard the last from this story ... 

rt major police raid in the paris suburb of is over , french spokesperson says : … 
major police raid in the suburb of is over , french spokesperson says : 

the gop hopes to seize national security advantage from obama over 
the hopes to seize national security advantage from obama over 

isis publishes photo of what it says is bomb that downed russian plane ... 
isis : we took down jet with soda can bomb 
isis says photo shows bomb on russian plane - 
isis says photo shows on russian plane - 
this is the reality of the world we're living in . 
cnn : isis publishes photo . says it's bomb that downed russian plane 
isis : photo shows bomb that downed russian jet 
says photo shows bomb on plane - 
food loaders and restaurant workers need to be looked at . you can't even bring a beverage on board . 
isis publishes what it says is bomb that downed russian plane 
bold ... 
is shows ' proof ' that they brought down the russian plane in egypt that killed 124 people . 
metrojet crash dabiq claimed by isis 

a few false narratives emerged on social media after what to watch out for : 
( via ) cnn : a few false narratives emerged on social media after what to w … 

rt tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show 
cnn : tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show ( via ) 

the test foreign policy credentials 
contrary to popular belief , i can actually handle whatever problems foreign policy could throw at me . i'm ready . 
carson's learn-on-the-job approach is anathema to a gop that spent 7 years lambasting obama for lack of experience 
foreign policy tests 
carson befuddled foreign policy 

. calls for a pause on the syria refugee program via 
paul ryan , said , take religion , out the equation . ? let's have a koch and a pause . let's be cowardly in our ... 
paul ryan calls for pause in refugee program 
rt house speaker paul ryan calls for a " pause " in syrian refugee program 
paul ryan calls for pause in program 
speaker paul ryan calls for a " pause " on the syrian refugee program . " we cannot let ... 
another 
" o'er the land of the free and the home of the . . . better safe than sorry ? " 
let's hope he has the balls to get this passed ! 

weeks after isis bombed russian jet , putin really takes the bull by the horns & offers a reward for info . 
putin is the new ' chuck norris ' ... 
putin offers $50m reward for those responsible for bomb of russian plane . expect body bags to be filled soon . 
news : russia says bomb brought down jet in sinai , offers $50 million reward - cnn | details : 
russian official : 2-pound bomb brought down metrojet plane over sinai - cnn 
russia says that is responsible for plane crash that killed 224 of their citizens in egypt . 
russian plane crash : $50m reward for information - 
$50m reward for information on russian plane crash - 
russia offers $50 million reward in sinai jet crash case 
top story : russian metrojet crash bomb - see more ... 
rt russia offers $50 million reward in sinai jet crash case 
russia offers $50 million reward in sinai jet crash case future of middle east 
$50 million . rt offers $50 million reward in sinai jet crash case . 
offers $50 million reward in bombing contained approx 1 kilogram ( 2.2 pounds ) of explosives 
the quezada post russian metrojet crash bomb - see more 

extent of in syria's role in plotting paris attacks questioned 

rt explosions , gunfire rang through the night in a massive police raid north of … 

great read and something a lot of people need to read before jumping to conclusions 
" the passport was a way of provoking the west to turn against refugees . " = bs isis * wants * them for cover : … 
" ultimate vision is an apocalyptic one " you're just now figuring this out ? 
is self destructive , for a scary reason - 
isis wants the world's muslims to feel they are at war with the modern world . it also wants to stop the flow of ... 
my grad prof in islamic theology told us about this perverse ideology in some sects . cant fight fire with fire . 
the paris operation had multiple objectives . the passport a way of provoking the west to turn against refugees 
rt is self-destructive , for a scary reason | by 
fuck isis broo 
interesting 
is self-destructive , for a reason 
thoughtful analysis : 
say they'll die for prophecy . sad truth is they can no longer bear the angry god meme terrorizing their minds 
would love to debate this cnn article on isis strategy : 
rt is self-destructive , for a reason 
the west should not hesitate to use small , tactical nukes against isis to end it all !!! 
here is why the will cause the end of the world 
if isis wants an end-of-days battle , here's an idea . let's work together to give it to them and obliterate them 

rt rugby legend jonah lomu , a former star , has died at age 40 in new zealand … 


could the u.s. government shut down over refugees ? 

. explains opposition to admitting 
. johnkasich explains opposition to admitting 

rt white house issues veto threat over refugee bill 

the inconvenient truth : there's no easy military answer to war on isis 
. weighs in : there’s no easy solution to the isis problem : 
the inconvenient truth about war on isis 
. writes in his article why there is no easy military option when it comes to isis . 
isis in syria : no easy military answer to war - cnn 
opinion no simple military solution for beating isis 
isis in no easy military answer to war - 
the inconvenient truth : there's no easy military answer to ( late ) a+ to cnn ! now : a new proxy war ! 
utter bollocks thermonuclear warhead 
. w bush’s iraq/syria mess leaves obama no good options 
you cannot tell that to the gop !!! or fox news ! 
. w bush’s iraq/isis mess left obama with no good options 
good 2 min video . isis in syria : no easy military answer to war - 
rt . w bush’s iraq/isis mess left obama with no good options 
inconvenient truth there's no simple military solution for beating isis 
opinion : no military answer to war on isis 
. w bush’s iraq/syria mess explained . obama has no good options . 
. w bush's iraq/syria mess explained . obama has no good options 
opinion : there's no simple military solution for beating isis 
isis in syria : no easy military answer to war ( european nations ignored the growing menace in 2013 . needed 

rt french will use dna testing to determine if paris terror attack ringleader was in apartment raided by police … 
rt 2 terrorist suspects dead in saint-denis : 1 shot by sniper , other blew herself up , french media reports . 
rt 3 suspected terrorists killed in raid in paris suburb of saint-denis , official tells cnn . 3 police officers hurt . … 
rt 5 people arrested during police raid in saint-denis , paris prosecutor's office said . 
rt raid near paris was " right on time , " police source says , adding suspects " about to move on some kind of operation . " … 
rt all 129 of those killed in friday's paris attacks have been identified , french council of ministers says . … 
rt the 2 killed in saint-denis raids still unidentified ; suspected ringleader abaaoud not in custody , prosecutor says . … 
rt french president hollande says he'll ask lawmakers to extend state of emergency by 3 months . … 
dna tested to see if suspected ring leader died 
rt explosions heard in paris suburb , site of raid hunting for suspects in paris attacks . … 
2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 
dna tests to determine whether attack leader died in raid 
dead or alive ? dna tests to see if suspected ring leader died 
2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but suspected ringleader's status unknown 
rt witnesses report gunfire in saint-denis suburb of paris as authorities hunt for 2 suspects from paris attacks . … 
2 killed , 8 held after france raid , but ringleader's status still unknown 
police detain 25 , uncover weapons in 118 raids 
2 killed , 8 terror suspects held in france terror raid - 
is this the start of hollande going the trudeau route ? french security does 188 raids in one day cc 
cnn 2015 11 18 world paris attacks index 
saint-denis raid : 3 terror suspects killed , police say - 
118 raids in 1 day , a suicide bomber , and gun battle . france is most certainly at war . 
rt suspects have been cornered in building in paris suburb , saint-denis mayor tells cnn affiliate bfm-tv . 
118 raids today : 

colbert's paris tribute included rude salute to terrorists 

bombing terrorists feeds their ideology 
bombing terrorists won't work via 
" i think it's futile to respond to terrorist violence with more violence in a way that creates more terrorists . " 
lotta literate liberal writers out there who aren’t total cartoon characters , cnn . just sayin ’ . 
hey what foreign policy or counter-terrorism qualifications does sally kohn possess & why'd you run this crap ? 
bombing terrorists makes them stronger 
" you can't bomb bad ideas out of people's heads . " 
the hurts and americans need to swallow their but to defeat we need a new approach . 
hopelessly and irretrievably wrong ... 
pretty sure us just existing feeds their ideology . 
second thoughts on a military response . worth reading . 
in which calls pres obama a terrorist . 
so are you saying was wrong for killing he claims victory ! 
so , has been in power 7 years ... they still attacked us ... 
if we were only nice to them sally they would like us 
in today's exhibit of " people dumber than a bag of hammers " , i give you sally kohn : 
appears sends its employees to the michael moore/ron paul " it's our own damn fault " school as part of indoc 
actually , bombing terrorists tends to feed the total energy applied to the bonds of their cell membranes . 
victim-blaming is the hot new thing 
one-stop shopping for every leftist platitude on this issue 
how can we stop all of these bombings from happening 
your thoughts ? 
libtard sally kohn at her best ... 
bombing terrorists feeds ideology the americans love pepsi cola ( life ) , but we ( isis ) love death . get it ? 
bombing terrorists makes them stronger ( opinion ) - 
bombing feeds their ideology ( opinion ) - 
this article is actually pretty interesting 

protests rage in minneapolis after shoot unarmed black man 
protests ragin in minneapolis after shooting of unarmed black man jamar clark 
protests in minneapolis raging 
jamar clark shooting : officers ' names released 
shvonne johnson is misidentified in your story . she is . former asst dean of students : 
protests erupt in minneapolis after the shooting death of 24 year old who was shot and killed by police . 

defiant cover " screw the terrorists ...! " 
hebdo cover : ' screw ' the terrorists 
charlie hebdo publishes defiant cover after the paris attacks : 
they are not isis . they are not isil . they are daesh . ( they hate that name . ) are you afraid ? then they've won . 
rt new charlie defiant cover : ' screw ' the 
charlie hebdo is demonstrating it has no plans to back down and stands fully for france and french culture . ! 
charlie hebdo says it best ! 
in the face of radical islamists creeping-like-an oil-spill every sign of defiance against the ideology counts . 
whether one appreciates the publication or not , i so admire their defined stance toward pathetic souls . 
new charlie defiant cover : ' screw ' the terrorists . 
" they got the weapons -- screw them , we got the champagne ! " says today's charlie hebdo issue 


rt . says he is ending his campaign for u.s. president : " this is not my time . " … 

33 members killed in airstrikes in last 72 hours , monitoring group says : 

rt video shows nyc footage ; nypd says " no current or specific threat to the city " … 
groupanon : rt youranonglobal : video shows nyc footage ; nypd says " no current or specific threat to the city " … 

blindsided : how did isis grow so fast ? 
how did isis grow so fast ? see special tonight at 9pet 

rt there's no data supporting the so-called " effect , " says u.s. attorney general … 
( via ) cnn : there's no data supporting the so-called " effect , " says u.s. attorn … 

french father explains terror attacks to his young son 
rt see how this father explains to his young son : 
this video melted my heart ❤ ️🇫🇷 
please please play video . in the spirit of the piano player . 
so touching . 
" the flowers and candles are here to protect us . " have you seen this on cnn ? if not , take a minute to watch . 
french explains terror attacks to his young <3 
the flowers and the candle protect us . 
dad of the year ! 
. a father teaching hope to a new generation 
did you see this ? 
what a cute video ! look at that innocent eyes ... " flowers and candles are here to protect us " 
just a glimpse at what is going on in the world through the eyes of a child . 
i know i'm a little late watching this but wow ... hit with the feels . 
this video touched me incredibly on last night's news and goes to show you how universal some things just are .... 
rt father explains to his young son & the video goes viral . see why : … 
watch : father explains attacks to son 
french father explains terrorism , " they have guns but we have flowers " ty 
heart wrenching but powerful ... 
such a moving conversation between father & son about paris terror attacks . 
watch this 
they may have guns but we have flowers . ✌️ 
thought you would be interested in seeing this . 
this nearly made me cry . it's amazing to see the relief in the boy's face at the end . 
rt poor children don't understand evil . so sad that they have to fear anything at such a young age . :'( … 

rt police officers have pinned down suspects in a suburb of latest developments : … 

the white house held a call with u.s. governors about 
" white house held a call w /u.s governors about " /to be a fly on a wall 

was suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud killed in raid ? dna test may tell : 
cnnmoney : rt cnn : was suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud killed in raid ? dna test may tell : … 
( via ) cnn : was suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud killed in raid ? dna … 

the real focus of the gop campaign ? iowa , not syria ( via 
cnn : the real focus of the gop campaign ? iowa , not syria ( via cnnopinion ) ( via jt7.me… 
( via ) cnn : the real focus of the gop campaign ? iowa , not syria … 

could the have been prevented ? takes a closer look 
could the have been prevented ? nicrobertsoncnn takes a closer look 
( via ) cnn : could the have been prevented ? nicrobertsoncnn takes a closer l … 

investors shaken by find safe haven in german markets 
cnn : investors shaken by find safe haven in german markets ( via jt7 … 
rt cnn : investors shaken by find safe haven in german markets 

parisians take back their cafes and bars 
great to see parisians using social media to take back their cafes and bars 

after terror , should paris climate talks go on ? 
climate talks amid terror . i'm heading to europe today . one stop en route to france . 
" you want me to be frightened ..., that i sacrifice my freedom for security , you lost . i will carry on as before . " 

( slightly rewritten ): like are pussies . 
slams republicans over refugee stance 
rt . slams republicans over stance on via & … 
obama slams republicans over refugee stance - cnn international 
" we are not well served when , in response to a terrorist attack , we descend into fear & panic , " is an idiot ! 
thank you obama ! 
yeah do that coward 
isis is going to try to get into the west via the syrian refugee crisis . full stop . period . obama ridicules gop . 
and gop is not saying that every refugee will be a member of isis . but obama props up that straw man anyway . 
i wish i had a chance to make him a president again . love you obama . what a wise , smart , generous man you are . 
obama slammed the gop just this am for suggesting that the refugee influx poses a security threat . 
obama : gop afraid of widows and orphans 
. usa doesn't need anymore of your " setbacks " barry . 
ethical debate represents your opponent's view in terms he would agree with . but is just trolling here : 
obama slams republicans saying syrian refugee discussion incites isis 
obama : " i cannot think of a more potent recruitment tool for isil than some of the rhetoric that's been coming out " 
for virtue and against sin . where're the refugees going to wait out that 18-24 months vetting process mr. president ? 
this is an obama quote : " we are not well served when , in response to a terrorist attack , we descend into fear and ... 
this man is disgusting ... no one is saying don't let in orphans ... send them !!!! maybe just slow the hell down on ... 
wake up , repubs - don't turn the nation into the elitists and separatists you all are . 
angry obama says gop is afraid of " widows and orphans " and helping recruit for isis - 
at a time when obama should be unifying americans against a common enemy and threat ... he's attacking republicans . 
obama says it best : turning away refuggees is a recruitment tool for isis . 
obama clearly doesn't realize it's also many of the regular people who are also concerned w/ 
calls rhetoric on ‘ recruitment tool for politics no longer stops at waters edge 
" first they were scared of the press being too tough on them in the debates . now they're scared of 3 yr old orphans " 
where has this obama been the last couple of years ? 
obama slams republicans over stance 
am proud of obama's brave response and ashamed of republican response on this issue 
obama slams gop over refugees 
obama slams republicans over human being stance - cnn international 
obama slams over stance 
" apparently they are scared of widows and orphans coming into the us " -obama yep . steaming pile of crap right there . 
the fact that anyone even considers only letting christian refugees in is outrageous . 
rt thin-skin slamming repulicans overseas 

reporting from the city with the oldest in 
crisis : fear and hope in the heartland . 

prosecutor : 3 paris attack suspects already known to belgians 

current refugee debate misses the point : great insight on a comprehensive approach to the migration challenge 
opinion : the world should do more to help turkey , lebanon and jordan take on syrian refugees 

rt " france is our home " : watch this french father explain the to his young son … 

3 people arrested in western germany in connection with german media reports 


was abdelhamid abaaoud killed in paris police raid ? 
dna tested to see if suspected ring leader was killed in a raid 
was abdelhamid killed in paris police raid ? 
was suspected ringleader abdelhamid abaaoud killed in raid ? dna test may tell : 

don't " scapegoat " catholic bishops and evangelicals say " 
catholic bishops and evangelicals give advice : " don't scapegoat 

. ridicules over foreign policy via 
trump ridicules carson over foreign policy 
rt trump ridicules carson over foreign policy - cnn … 
trump ridicules carson's foreign policy shortcomings 

posters , ticket stubs , memories : lovers reclaim beloved bataclan - cnn international 
posters , ticket stubs , memories : music lovers reclaim beloved bataclan - cnn international 

rt fight against brings putin and together 
" fight against brings putin and together " told yah 

new campaign ad mentions via 
new donald trump campaign ad mentions paris attacks 
trump talks in latest round of radio ads hitting early states : 
pmorris153 : rt cnnpolitics : new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions via jd … 
maggienyt : rt cnnpolitics : new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions via jdi … 
trumpbma2016 : rt cnnpolitics : new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions via … 
bray_anabel : rt cnnpolitics : new realdonaldtrump campaign ad mentions via j … 
new trump campaign ad mentions paris attacks campaigning on dead bodies , new low for trump ? is he getting desperate ? 
trump staffer : " radio is an effective means of communication " me : what the hell is a ' radio' ? 

rt . on " is a joke " 
chris christie : obama ' created the refugee crisis ' in syria . 
chris christie : obama ' created ' syrian refugee crisis - - 
amusing that the christie narrative is " scrappy comebacker " and not " desperate clown " 
chris christie : obama ' created the crisis ' in syria 3rd paragraph finally puts a spotlight a truth 
chris christie : obama ' created the human crisis ' in syria - cnn 
christie : obama ' created refugee crisis ' - bitch please 
no bush did you fat piece of shit ! obama ' created the refugee crisis ' in syria 
half-cocked and half-baked - sez obama ' created the refugee crisis ' in syria 
not bad , only took him 4 days ! 
chris christie : obama ' created the human being crisis ' in syria - cnn international 

why my state won't turn refugees away - 
rt why my state won't turn away 
gov . jack markell : delaware will accept refugees 
you think you know your friends , countrymen until they rally up hate and fear mongering to allow this to happen ... 
rt good for kate brown and jay inslee and jack markell : 
governor of delaware : why my state won't turn refugees away 
hey this is what leadership looks like : 
beautifully said and soundly reasoned . 
rt why my state won't turn refugees away - 
why my state won't turn refugees away wish mine felt the same way . 
we have a moral responsibility . turning away refugees is not the answer . 
why my state won't turn refugees away go de governor , jack markell . 
openly said on that he'd only let christian refugees in the country . very sad . 
thank you , 
the governor of delaware has got to go ! why my state won't turn away 
here is a well-educated take on the refugee situation . can only ask people to educate themselves . 
' why my state won't turn away refugees ' 
good job sometimes you just have to do what's right for humanity . 
delaware governor jack markell says that delaware will accept syrian refugees .... 
( dan ) the truly christian ( and humanistic ) response .... 
just a thought . i respect the governor's decision and agree whole-heartedly with his decision but i disagree ... 
" law is not law if it violates the principles of eternal justice " . brilliant . 
u.s. in 1939 we must or why my won't turn away 
with all due respect governor markell will they be welcomed in alpacas ? 
it is possible to take safety of citizens seriously and welcome via 
good explanation from on why it's important for states to take refugees from syria 
delaware will accept syrian refugees after at least 20 u.s. states refuse to 
" law is not law , if it violates the principles of eternal justice . " - lydia maria child 
rt good article on 
interesting discussion . should we be turning people away or accepting them into our country ? 

palin : governors ' last line of defense ' against isis the queen of ignorant hate returic said something ? ? 
sarah palin : governors ' last line of defense ' against isis 
sarah ' last line of defense ' against this is as stupid as it gets . 
case in point : sarah palin : governors ‘ last line of defense ’ against isis - cnn 
former gov . governors ' last line of defense ' against isis 

tina fey and amy poehler will co-host show . 
tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show november 17 - 
tina fey and amy poehler to co-host show - cnnmoney 
think they’ll play any of your favo(u)rites ? 
yessssss ! " tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show " 
looking forward to tina fey and amy poehler to co-hosting ' snl ' christmas show november 17 - cnnmoney 
amy , tina and bruce on snl - best news in a long time ! via 
tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' saturday night live ' christmas show 
nice // tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show via 
tina fey and amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' christmas show - cnn yas🙌🏼 
tina fey , amy poehler to co-host ' snl ' xmas show , bruce springsteen as musical guest . yay ! 
and to co-host ' snl ' christmas show via 

france and allies tried to kill suspected mastermind previously 

rt police : " serious plans for explosions " thwarted before germany vs netherlands soccer match … 

what got wrong 
paris attacks : what social media got wrong 
debunked : what social media got wrong about paris attacks 
false narratives emerge from paris attacks 
can't believe some people . debunked : what social media got wrong about 
the stories and that social media got wrong about 
using the paris attacks to spread deception : anything to do harm 

gop's " hateful rhetoric " on " a new low " " 
cnn : . hillaryclinton : gop's " hateful rhetoric " on " a new low " ( via jt7.me… 


. takes harsh political rhetoric against the gop abroad -- and some aren't pleased 
( via ) cnn : . potus takes harsh political rhetoric against the gop abroad -- and some aren … 

rt just in : is now claiming responsibility for beirut attacks 
breaking news : now claims responsibility for the attacks in beirut 

french police analyzing video that may show a second suspect in paris attacks . 
rt officials : cell phone believed used by paris attacker recovered . contains message to effect : ok , we're ready . … 
rt cell phone believed used by paris attacker found ; contains message to the effect of : ' we're ready ' , officials say https … 
latest developments in paris attacks 
french police are working hard to get those complicit in the attacks : 
paris attacks investigation : the latest developments for tuesday tragedy 
rt officials : cell phone believed used by paris attacker found ; contains message to the effect of : ' we're ready ' - http … 
investigation : black car , syringes , arrests 
in paris : what you need to know - 
the latest of the terrorist attack on paris 
paris attacks : tuesday's developments 
click this link if you really care about paris terror attacks 
retweeted cnn breaking news ( french police analyzing video that may show a second suspect in paris ... 

rt raid near was " right on time , " police source says , suspects were " about to move on some kind of operation . " … 

my piece on impact on 2016 and targeting of church-going voters : 
real focus of the gop campaign ? iowa , not syria 
campaigns ' challenge ahead : the real race will be decided in iowa , not syria 

charlie sheen tells nbc's " today show " on tuesday that he is hiv positive 
" charlie sheen tells nbc's " today show " on tue that he is hiv positive " «» 
rt charlie sheen announces that he is hiv positive 

back to the bistro ! after restaurants try to bounce back 

rt breaking : passenger restrained on boston-bound british airways flight : 

rt police tell cnn raid is underway in suburb ; you can hear gunfire in this video . … 

rt authorities : 2 bomb attacks in 24 hours kill dozens , wound more than 120 others in … 

lit w/ " fluctuat nec mergitur . ” learn more about victims of the 
learn more about the victims of the 
paris terror attacks : in memoriam of the victims 
read all of these because every life lost matters ! 
the victims of the attacks were people whose lives and futures were stolen from them . learn who they were : 
je suis paris - remembering the victims 
the victims in the attacks : 
thinking of them .... 
a special tribute page at 
who were the cnn interactive 

rt parisians take back their cafes and bars by using this hashtag 
lets meet downtown oakville this friday ! 
what about meeting downtown oakville this friday ? 
lets meet in downtown oaville friday 
what about getting together downtown oakville this friday ? beaver 
cnn : parisians take back their cafes and bars by using this hashtag ( v … 

rt vladimir putin is offering a $50 million reward for information on egypt plane bombers … 

police analyzing video that may show a second suspect , french media reported 

" alabama governor : refugees behind major threats to the u.s. " 

rt 3 suspects dead , 3 officers hurt after police raid in suburb , official tells cnn … 

a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in recent months . 
denver bookstore named isis is vandalized 
a bit too far ? 
a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in recent months ( cnn ) 
isis books & gifts in denver is vandalized 
isis books & gifts in denver is vandalized 
rt isis books & gifts is vandalized because , you know , isis . sigh 
murica ! " a denver bookstore named isis [ ... ] was vandalized for 4th time in recent months . " 
" a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess was vandalized for 4th time in months . " name changer 
a denver bookstore named isis after the egyptian goddess has been repeatedly vandalized : 

. difficult to prove that are christian 
trump : difficult to prove refugees are christian 
rt trump : difficult to prove refugees are christian 
trump once again says he " would consider closing down mosques , calling it ' common sense '" 

rt hoverboards , those self-balancing scooters that don't actually hover , are now illegal in nyc … 

obama takes harsh political rhetoric abroad 
. takes harsh political rhetoric against the gop abroad via 
what a scumbag 
obama takes harsh political rhetoric abroad - is such a pud . 
a rhetorical isn't very presidential . should radiate positive outlook . not negative partisan politics ; 

obama to blame for paris attacks says starwood capital ceo 
conservative douchebag millionaire blames obama for paris attacks 
obama to blame for paris attacks says starwood capital ceo november 17 - cnnmoney 
obama to blame for paris attacks says starwood capital ceo via 
and of course he has to know -----------------------> 
obama to blame for paris attacks says starwood capital ceo - cnnmoney 
obama to blame for attacks says starwood capital ceo via 
starwood capital ceo : obama to blame for attacks 
no sir , you're wrong for saying : to blame for says starwood capital ceo november 17 - cnnmoney 
idiot repub 
the republicans are the only ones who will foolishly put boots on the ground in the middle east !! via 
. how do i cancel my membership & never stay in your hotels again b/c your ceo is a political douche ? 

this is diesel . she is a 7-year-old police dog french police say was killed in today's raid . 



thousands of airport workers across the u.s. are going on strike tonight . 
airport workers going on strike 
" thousands of airport workers across the u.s. are going on strike tonight . " woahhhh 
airport strikers are striking for medical benefits and higher wages 
airport workers across the country go on strike 
airport workers strike , is on > 
i have no words . the fact that at 15.00 /hr and able to work 40 hour or more work weeks , blows my mind . they'll ... 
breaking : workers at on strike to protest unfair labor practices 

rt just in : eight detained in raids , french prosecutor says 

religious leaders urge the u.s. not to halt the resettlement of syrian refugees 
don't scapegoat syrian refugees , religious leaders say 
don't ' scapegoat ' syrian refugees , catholic bishops and evangelicals say 
don't scapegoat and say 
rt don't ' scapegoat ' catholic bishops and evangelicals say . 
the urges u.s. not to halt resettlement of syrian after via 
religious groups : accept refugees 
don't ' scapegoat ' syrian refugees . bishops , urge us not to halt resettlement via 
rt every so often , religious leaders actually agree on something . welcoming syrian refugees is one of those things : … 
this is exactly what the terrorists want ! to make all islamic and muslim people the enemy . this is simple not ... 
" let's not punish the victims of isis for the sins of isis . " leith anderson , president , natl assoc of evangelicals 
rt to achieve peace we ultimately need to find a way past justifiable fear and retribution , to understanding . … 
rt why do you use ur faith to propagate hate ? these are people ephesians 4:32 https … 
rt exactly how religious groups should act . not like dipshit gops creating crusades . take note candidates . … 
religious leaders being the voice of reason . thank you for that . 
don't scapegoat syrian refugees , evangelicals and bishops say - 
unexpected voices of reason on syrian refugees . 
plz listen even catholic bishops & evangelicals say don't ' scapegoat ' 
don't syrian religious leaders say 
wait , wait , wait ... catholics and evangelicals are agreeing on something ? this is wonderful news ! 
i think everyone should read eat , pray , love . all religion is meditation . 
notorious bleeding heart liberal catholic bishops and evangelicals : don't ' scapegoat ' syrian refugees 
syrian refugees are being punished by not being able to come to the us because of the paris attack . 

real don't need a cape to be a ‼️rip 
french police dog dies in saint-denis raid 
this is a bigger story 
french in saint-denis raid 
thank you , loyal friend . 
rt spreads in honor of diesel , french police dog who died in raid … 
new : a french police dog was also killed in the raid in paris . - story via 
rt diesel 7-year old police dog dies in french raid in saint-denis . this 🐕 had more ❤ ️ than the terrorists http … 
have you seen this story ? it's been trending on social media today with we've got this plus more ... 
may diesel's memory be a blessing 
you are a true hero ! dog bless ! 
rt our hearts are broken today not only because of killed and injured in france but also for k9 diesel who is yet ... https … 
yeah - a woman blew up a police k9 in saint-denis , fr yesterday . so you're correct ! 
not all heroes are human :( 
rt police diesel dies in the line of duty w/ french suicide bombing http … 
rest in peace little hero 
i'm not backing the media completely but i don't think they're lying . 
rip diesel . you died a hero protecting man from the evil that is isis . 
if heaven doesn't have a doggie door , i'll just brave the heat ! 
top dogs link of the day : 
i salute you . 
god bless you baby 🙏🏼 ❤ ️ 
police dog dies in raid 
rt rip , diesel : a french was killed today in a raid , and lovers are paying tribute via https :/ … 
r.i.p. diesel , a hero . 👊✌💔 
murder all of isis 

. ridicules over foreign policy 
. realdonaldtrump ridicules realbencarson over foreign policy 

the gop looks to seize national security advantage from via 
. looks to seize national security advantage from obama over isis 
gop looks to seize security advantage republicans believe the gop has a chance to distort the debate . 
gop to seize national security advantage from obama over isis those idiots never quit being stupid . 
gop looks to seize security advantage over - 
has become so liberal - they are incapable of reporting the facts about obama's national security failures 
you have to love how brazen these short memory gop idiots are . they caused the problem and now they and their ... 
disgraceful from the goparty of ' shrinking government ' i.e. shrinking protections of any kind . 
gop looks to seize national security advantage well terrorists don't like smell of urine soaked pants 
tragedy in great news for the help conservative politicians . 
gop seizes national security advantage from obama over isis 
that isn't too difficult is it ? obama has been like gumby when it comes to isis and other threats to our country . 
gop looks to seize national security advantage from over isis via 
another example of blaming for the mess they've created . 
isis attacked paris , but obama still says he's got things under control . republicans don't buy it . 

rt . it's difficult to prove refugees are christian 
. realdonaldtrump : it's difficult to prove refugees are christian 
remember ? 👇 " it's difficult to prove refugees are christian " 
smh ... " it's difficult to prove refugees are christian " 

