cdc sees ' alarming ' increase in sexually transmitted diseases 

the time has come to support and not the racist gop candidates who want to replace him . 
obama : don\'t be \'scared of widows and 3-year-old orphans\' 
after all they're his peeps . 
obama chides anti-refugee politicians for being ' scared of widows & 3-year-old orphans ' nov 18 , 2015 
made an awesome speech on & are being awesome on this too 
can our next have some common sense ? don't be ' scared of widows and 3-year-old orphans ' 
and dismisses governors ' nat'l security concerns as " whim " . nat'l security . whim . whim ?!?! via 
wonder what god will tell doug ducey governor doug ducey when he meets his maker ? helping widows and the ... 
burnnnnnnn 
" when candidates say we shouldn't admit three-year-old orphans , that's political posturing , " obama said . 
gosh , can this a-hole be any more divisive ? unbelievable how we got here ! 
don't be ' scared of widows & 3-year-old orphans ' focus on those that created them in paris & 911 ! 
rt i guess president obama missed excellent column 
obama chides politicians for being ' scared of widows and 3yr old orphans ' obama : political a-hole or idiot ? :-p 
obama to republicans : stop acting so scared 
obama chides anti-refugee politicians for being ' scared of widows and 3-year ... - 
three year old orphans and widows ?!?! i've seen more grown men in the refugee groups than any other ! our potus ... 
obama:don't be ' scared of widows & 3-year-old orphans ' mr pres . we never wanted the refugees this is not new . get clue 
rt obama chides anti-refugee politicians for being ' scared of widows and 3yr old orphans ' bullshit!i'm scared of obama http … 
candidates are all fluff and no stuff ! . . . . 
via according to a pbs report it would take years to vet refugees . why not build up lebanon and jordan ? 
there is a problem with this thinking . there are not very many old women and young children . and the young ... 
via " god is pleased by who we include not who we exclude , stop worshipping at the alter of hate 
as a woman blows herself up in paris last night obama : don't be ' scared of widows and 3-yold orphans ' via 
seriously , this is the guy you people elected . this is not my president , he does not represent my values . 
obama : us cannot make decisions based on ‘ exaggeration of risks ’ . 
widows , orphans did not commit obama refuses to admit risk , don't be ' scared of widows , orphans ' 
obama on refugees : don't be scared of widows & orphans 
obama chides politicians refusing syrian refugees for being " scared of widows and three-year-old orphans " 
obama overlooks the obvious fact that he's the one americans are scared of : don't be ' scared of 3-year-old orphans ' 
talks to about fuck you cowards !!! 

journalist bystander recalls helping paris wounded 
' keep them on earth with us ' : bystander recalls helping paris wounded - 
sweetlucy has just clapped this picture . to view it click here 
a french television producer who received training for war wounds was near the attack on la … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! journalist bystander recalls helping paris … 
a french television producer who received training for war wounds was near the attack on la belle equipe friday ... 



paris attacks prompt renewed calls for tougher isis strategy 
here's how to win the fight against isis : experts - 
paris attacks prompt renewed calls for tougher isis strategy via 
stop shooting : experts weigh in on how to defeat isis - 
" this is a war of vengeance . and wars of vengeance never work . " - via 
update : here’s how to win the fight against isis : experts 
here's how to win the fight against experts 
how do you stop isis ? looks at four scenarios . 
nbcinvestigates : how do you stop isis ? jonschuppe looks at four scenarios . 
does the u.s. need a new isis strategy ? 
the attacks in paris prompt renewed criticism of the u . s . ' s campaign to thwart isis in syria … 




winter storm socks southwest , takes aim for gulf coast 

could mars someday have rings like saturn ? 
could mars someday have rings like saturn ? maybe in millions of years via nbcnews 
mars may one day have rings similar to saturn's famous halo , new research suggests . 



tech industry not budging as officials push anti-encryption after paris 
retweeted seánfederic o-o murchú ( tech industry isn't budging as officials insist encryption is ... 
rt tech industry isn't budging as officials insist encryption is undermining battle against terror threat … 
tech not budging as officials push anti-encryption 
" blaming encrypted technology and recent curbs on intelligence-gathering for empowering the terrorists . " 😂😂😂 
tech industry not budging as officials push anti-encryption after paris < translation . don't fuck with math . 
tech not budging as officials push anti-encryption : the paris terror attacks have reignited the debate around ... 
unidrone explorer > tech not budging as officials push anti-encryption 
tech industry isn't budging as officials insist encryption is undermining battle against terror threat via 

angie\'s list rejects 12 million takeover offer 
angie's list rejects $512 million takeover offer 
angie's list rejects $512 million takeover offer from iac 
says $512 million takeover bid from iac ' dramatically undervalues ' company 
msnbc the home services review site angie's list says that its board has rejected a $512 mill ... 


can't wait until black friday ? grab early deals 
can't wait until black friday ? grab these early deals 
looking for a new ipad ? how about an apple watch ? best buy is offering big discounts on them for black friday .... 
looking for an ipad ? how about an apple watch or a new tv ? black friday is days away , but some deals are online now 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! can't wait until black friday ? grab early … 



wife of disgraced officer gliniewicz who police say killed himself wants accounts unfrozen 
rt nbcnews " wife of disgraced officer gliniewicz who police say killed himself wants accounts unfrozen … " 

questions and answers about ex-subway pitchman jared fogle's sentencing 


watch a jilted bride destroy her wedding dress 

rt obama criticizes anti-refugee crowd for being " scared of widows and 3-year-old orphans " … 



will offer holiday deals every 5 minutes 

today in pictures : winter is coming and more 
today in pictures : november 17 via 
see tuesday’s best news pictures . 



" microsoft ceo announces cyber defense operations center " 

john kerry : don't rush to judgment on syria refugees resettling in the u.s. 
nbcnews : john kerry : don't rush to judgment on syria refugees resettling in the u.s. 


fraud rates for online transactions seen up during holidays : study - 
fraud rates for online transactions seen up during holidays via 
online transactions fraud seen up during holidays : study 
msnbc as consumers prepare for holiday shopping , attempts by criminals to steal payment card ... 


recon app watches your other apps for leaked private info - 
app recon watches other apps for leaked private info . 
the app keeps an eye on your other apps to make sure they aren't leaking your personal & private information 
recon is based on a platform called meddle which ashwin rao from cs department built during his phd thesis . 
recon watches your other apps for leaked private info 
more press for recon : 




attacks : isis digs in , anticipating assault on syria's raqqa - 
isis fortifies defenses in syria stronghold : residents 
fortifies defenses in stronghold : residents 
isis militants are stiffening their defenses in their de facto capital of raqqa , as … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! isis fortifies defenses in syria stronghol … 
isis militants are stiffening their defenses in their de facto capital of raqqa , as international airstrikes ... 
isis fortifies defenses in raqqa in face of assault via 




pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law 
campaign watchdogs : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law 
rt campaign finance watchdogs tell that a pro-rubio tv ad campaign may have broken law : … 
important : campaign watchdogs say " pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law " 
rubio tv ads violate the law . watchdogs seek action via 
rt rubio operation drawing increased media criticism … & via 
rubio operation drawing increased media criticism … & via & 
' s comm dude is the same guy accused of running an illegal super pac for 
pressure grows on for its illegal pro- tv ads via 
small error here . karl rove's 501(c)(4 ) spent $100mill opposing obama reelection , not backing it . 
rt sure looks like marco rubio's supporters are breaking the law : 
rubio should do his senate job well first . 
rubio no different than hillary r . clinton . now breaking laws another obama . hrc/rubio have mainstream media $$ 
asking the to please look into this & any other violation . keep money out of politics !! 
conservatives play fast and loose with ethics to benefit rubio . 
why some of those pro-rubio tv ads may be breaking the law . w/ strong reporting 
corrupt cuban breaking the law . put him in jail . 
please read+share ! 
clc & rubio tv ads are breaking the law via 
pro- tv ads are breaking the law 
ads funded illegally 
rt pro- tv ads are breaking the law 
campaign watchdogs agree : pro- ads are breaking campaign finance law via 
rt btw -- watch the video . really interesting re : how much candidates pay vs super pacs and dark $ groups . … 
well there’s the law and “ the law ” … rt sure looks like marco rubio’s supporters are breaking the law : 
rt can a tax-exempt 501c4 " social welfare " group benefit a single ' 16 candidate ? that's the q regarding pro-rubio group h … 

bedtime for bonzo : the u.s. government's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring 

facebook says ' error ' led to temporary account suspension of woman nam ... 
woman named isis has facebook account suspended 
when your name is isis ... via 
- says ' error ' led to temporary account suspension of woman named isis 
a woman named isis had her account temporarily suspended by facebook , but the social network says it was just an ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! woman named isis has facebook account susp … 
facebook says ' error ' led to account suspension of woman named isis - 
woman named isis has facebook temporarily suspended 
facebook : ' error ' caused account suspension of woman named isis via 


texas man executed for fire that killed three children 
rt nbcnews " texas man executed for fire that killed three children " 

georgia death row inmate asks for six-pack of beer as last meal via 
georgia inmate asks for six-pack of beer as last meal 
because it's bad for your health !! 
georgia inmate marcus ray johnson denied beer as last meal - 
georgia inmate denied beer as last meal -- 
marcus ray johnson denied a 6 pack of beer as his last meal . many doubts about his guilt . set to be executed ... 
" pro " life gop state of georgia to execute human being marcus ray johnson tonight at 7pm . denied beer at last meal 
georgia inmate denied six-pack of beer as last meal 
a bar and drink person , vice , right to the end . what a non-productive and destructive life . 
georgia inmate denied six-pack of beer as last meal ( msnbc ) ( 1641 gmt ) 
the top questions sent to it help desk . 
give the guy a beer ....... jeez 
inmate marcus ray johnson is scheduled to die tomorrow . for his last meal he asked for a six pack . ga department ... 
georgia inmate denied six-pack of beer as last meal ( msnbc ) ( 1410 gmt ) 
guy on georgia's death row requests a six-pack of beer for his last meal . he was refused . 
prison officials said alcohol is contraband .... 
death row inmate refused last meal request : 6 pack of beer . instead he got fish and grits . no appeal ? 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! georgia inmate asks for six-pack of beer a … 
guy on death row asks for a six-pack of beer as last meal ; is denied . come on ! cripes . 
georgia inmate marcus ray johnson denied six-pack of beer as last meal via 

developing : high-level terror suspect abdelhamid abaaoud among targets of raid : prosecutors … 
rt nbcnews " developing : high-level terror suspect abdelhamid abaaoud among targets of raid : prosecutors … " 
dannysullivan : rt nbcnews : developing : high-level terror suspect abdelhamid abaaoud among targets of raid : prosecu … 


what can anonymous really do to isis ? 
what can anonymous really do to isis ? via 
nbcnews : what can anonymous really do to isis ? 

russian pilot and marine sent to save him both killed 
russian pilot and marine sent to save him both killed : a russian marine was killed tuesday while he was search ... 
russian pilot and marine sent to save him both killed via nbcnews 
rt russian pilot and marine sent to save him both killed : a russian marine was killed tuesday while he was search ... … 
russian pilot , marine sent to save him both killed on turkey/syria border 
the turks also shot down the russian's rescue helicopter ? this could get very interesting . 
already furious with the turks for shooting down their warplane , rudskoy closed by declaring that " contacts with ... 
a russian marine was killed tuesday while he was searching for a pair of pilots whose plane … 
a russian marine was killed tuesday while he was searching for a pair of pilots whose plane was shot down by ... 

isis\' tentacles stretch to this suburb 
from sprouts terrorist link - probe centers on brussels suburb of molenbeek - nbc news 
paris attacks : probe centers on brussels suburb of molenbeek - 
why is this suburb home to so many extremists ? 
paris attacks : probe centers on brussels suburb of … 

barbra streisand , stephen spielberg , willie mays and james taylor to get presidential medal of freedom by obama 
congrats to the own & on receiving medal of freedom . pride for our community . 
1 hour to → awards presidential medal of freedom to 17 americans ; we'll carry the ceremony live . 
meetthepress : 1 hour to → potus awards presidential medal of freedom to 17 americans ; we'll carry the ce … 
streisand receives the highest civilian honor in the u.s. on nov 24th . her spirited arrangement of " jingle ... 
streisand , spielberg to get presidential medal of freedom 
streisand , spielberg and mays to get presidential medal of freedom via 
what a joke 
barbra streisand , steven spielberg , willie mays to get presidential medal of freedom 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! streisand , spielberg to get presidential m … 
singer barbra streisand , filmmaker steven spielberg and baseball great willie mays are among 17 americans who ... 
2/10 these medals just as well come in halloween candy bags > streisand etc to get prez medal of freedom via 


fraud rates for online transactions likely to rise during holidays 


ceos of 78 global companies urge governments to price carbon emissions . 
siemens , unilever , hsbc , pepsico ... major international companies from numerous industries joining 74 others in ... 
78 ceos urge pricing of carbon emissions 
rt 78 ceos urge pricing of carbon emissions 
msnbc leaders of 78 major global companies urged governments on monday to include pricing of ... 
leaders of 78 major global companies urged governments on monday to include pricing of carbon emissions in ... 

rugby's first global superstar dies aged 40 


laying the groundwork for the blood-nannies of ( 
laying the foundation for blood-nannies : 
single-molecule submarine cruises the atomic seas 
all aboard : single-molecule submarine cruises the atomic seas 
researchers control single molecule nanosubmarine with uv light . 
all aboard : single-molecule submarine cruises the atomic seas via 
🎶 we ( can’t ) all live in the nano-submarine , the nano-submarine , the nano-submarine . 🎶 
all aboard : single-molecule cruises the atomic seas nbcnews 
single-molecule submarine created ( 244 atoms) > via 
fascinating , ominous & foreboding all at once ---> " single-molecule submarine cruises the atomic seas " via 
researchers create tiny \'submarine\' from single molecule 
researchers at rice university have created a " nanosub " -- a single-molecule submarine 
science is cool . 
what an incredible invention . a single molecule submarine : 
check out some cool work from our inventor - a submarine on the nano scale ! via 
get dennis quaid to drive it . 
i cringe in anticipation of the launch site . 


nyc mayor and police chief : new yorkers will not be intimidated by isis propaganda 




fewer men are being screened for prostate cancer , and fewer diagnosed , too 

german police shut down soccer game , evacuate stadiums - 
germany shuts down soccer game , evacuates stadium 
how long can the evacuations continue ? 
the german-hosted match at hdi arena in hanover was canceled about an hour-and-a-half before … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! german police shut down soccer game , evacu … 
the german-hosted match at hdi arena in hanover was canceled about an hour-and-a-half before it was set to take ... 

french cops target terror suspects in raid ; 1 dead , 5 arrested 
rt nbcnews " french cops target terror suspects in raid ; 1 dead , 5 arrested " 
rt nbcnews : french cops target terror suspects in raid ; 1 dead , 5 … 
jumpman , jumpman them boys up to somethin rt french target terror suspects in raid ; 1 dead , 5 arrested 

2,000 contract airport workers go on strike at seven u.s. hubs 
2,000 contract workers go on strike at seven u.s. airports 
air service worker's union strikes at 7 locations , demand $15 hour . 
rt 7 major airports baggage handlers are on strike today . from boston to texas .. hope none of you are travelling .!... htt … 
2,000 contract airport workers go on strike at seven u.s. hubs incl . logan airport in boston via 
they should be fired immediately . unfortunately they are mostly minorities and you're not allowed to ! via 
airport workers at the country's busiest hubs are on strike today . 
i wonder if this is why my initial flight was delayed 3 hours -_- 
will passengers get bags at final destination ? 
more than 2,000 airport workers are striking today to fair min . wage for their families ( via 
i love it when unions complain of intimidation and harassment ... 2k airport workers go on strike at 7 us hubs 
traveling this holiday ? several airports will have ee strikes for of $15 . 
2,000 contract workers strike at seven u.s. airports today 


efforts continue to find the right balance between treatment and diagnosis . 
has advice against prostate cancer screening gone too far ? 
fewer screenings and fewer early detections in how do personal risks fit with the guidelines ? 
considering getting scanned for prostate cancer ? less men are . 
" less prostate cancer and screening seen after new guidance " 
what are your thoughts ? 
fewer men screened for prostate cancer , and fewer diagnosed , too 
‘ less prostate cancer and screening seen after new guidance ’ 
has advice against prostate screening gone too far ? via 

hillary clinton scores new major endorsement 
influential seiu announces support for hillary clinton - 
she's for us . 
great union makes intelligent endorsement : seiu supports hillary clinton suck it , 
seiu endorses hillary using other peoples money to support a liar . 
this is shocking ! ok , maybe not ... 
feel the hillarrrrryyyyyyy !!! :-) hillary clinton 2016 rrooooooaaarrrrrrr !!!! :-) 
democratic presidential frontrunner hillary clinton picked up another major endorsement on … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! hillary clinton scores new major endorseme … 
democratic presidential frontrunner hillary clinton picked up another major endorsement on tuesday when the ... 
msnbc : influential seiu endorses clinton 
influential seiu endorses clinton : democratic presidential frontrunner hillary cl ... via . 
democratic presidential frontrunner hillary clinton just picked up another major endorsemen t--t he service ... 
influential seiu endorses clinton : democratic presidential frontrunner hillary clinton picked up another major ... 
scouting influential seiu endorses clinton thoughts ? 

" syrian refugees are a flashpoint in louisiana governor's race " 
rt nbcnews : syrian refugees are a flashpoint in louisiana governor's race 

auto emissions campaigners target testing in new renault report - 
clean air groups target automakers ' testing tricks 
clean air groups target automakers ' testing tricks ( msnbc ) ( 1213 gmt ) 
emissions campaigners target testing in new renault report - nbcnews … 
msnbc : clean air groups target automakers ' testing tricks 
dtn usa : clean air groups target automakers ' testing tricks : a swiss study found renault's espace minivan rele ... 
msnbc a swiss study found renault's espace minivan released diesel emissions 25 times legal l ... 

to obama : say it to my face 
rt this is too good mt " cruz to obama : say it to my face ” 

interesting . we don't consider the insane lone gunman to be a terrorist but our focus is on the perpetrator and ... 
to u.s. mass shooting victims , paris attacks sadly familiar 
retweeted joseph b . jaskolka ( to u.s. mass shooting victims , paris attacks sadly familiar ... 
rt to u.s. mass shooting victims , paris attacks sadly familiar 
studies : " a mass shooter is in many ways psychologically similar to someone who would be easily recruited to terror " 
isn't it , sadly ? 
" we've been living under terrorist attacks since columbine . they're just being done by our own people " 
mass shooting victims ' families retraumatized by paris attacks , featuring 
to us mass shooting surivors like paris attacks sadly familiar via 
reframing mass shootings in usa as terrorist attacks . living in breeds more and via 

refugee debate a flashpoint in louisiana governor's race 
syrian refugees a flashpoint in louisiana gov's race : the controversial political ... via . 
syrian refugees a flashpoint in louisiana gov’s race 
the controversial political debate on whether to accept syrian refugees in the united states is now playing out ... 



hollande to meet obama , putin for isis talks 
why is hollande traveling to moscow to " coordinate " attacks on 
paris terror attack : hollande to d.c. , moscow for isis talks 
will travel to washington & moscow to coordinate the fight against 
france’s president francois hollande will travel to both washington and moscow next week to coordinate the ... 

dallas woman charged with manslaughter in butt injection death 

man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment ( msnbc ) ( 1838 gmt ) 
man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment via 
a loser killed this deputy because he was in law enforcement , no other reason ....... 
man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment : man accused of killing a houston sheriff's deputy in ... 
accused killer targeted texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment - 
man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment ( msnbc ) ( 1510 gmt ) 

german police shut down soccer game , evacuate stadiums after threat 


carson down , cruz up in new iowa poll 
carson down , cruz up in new iowa poll via 
carson down , cruz up in new iowa poll : ted cruz has surged into a statistical tie ... via . 
update : carson down , cruz up in new iowa poll 
ted cruz has surged into a statistical tie with donald trump at the top of the gop pack , be sociable , share !... 


germany-netherlands canceled , stadium evacuated : 
rt german police say there were " concrete plans to cause an explosion " at hannover's stadium , which has been evacuated : https :/ … 
just seen it in german tv , very touching . soccer play netherland-germany cancelled 
rt germany-netherlands canceled , stadium evacuated 


hate crime : activists murder white pastor's wife 
dna and a pink sweater : how the cops cracked the amanda blackburn murder case . 
two charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife 
so much worry from terrorism , it crazy how frightening and overwhelming this home-invasion death is . 
read the fourth paragraph 
media are showing identities of accused killers . 
dna and a pink sweater : how the cops cracked the amanda blackburn murder case . … 
" though everything inside of me wants to hate , be angry , and slip into despair i choose the route of forgiveness ,... 
teen charged with murdering pastor's wife amanda blackburn 
two young men were charged monday in the murder of an indianapolis pastor's pregnant wife during a home invasion 
rt lol this scum should die like you 
charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife via 
two charged with murdering pastors pregnant wife via where is out rage from obama and his husband michelle 
where will the protests be held for this ...??? i guess infant lives and pregnant mothers lives don't matter either 
rt here is the dynamic duo ... mug shots 
update : suspects , ages 18 and 21 , charged in murder of indianapolis pastor's pregnant wife 
two charged with murdering pastor's wife amanda blackburn 
how about the 28 year white pregnant woman that got shot in the head ? 
aka charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife : 
teen charged with murdering pastor\'s pregnant wife 
rt two charged with murdering indiana pastor's pregnant wife 


family searching for missing american whose passport was scanned in paris via 
family searching 4 missing american whose passport was scanned in paris via 

dress worn by judy garland in ' wizard of oz ' has sold for $ 1,560,000 at auction 
judy garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress fetches $1.5 million at auction 
judy garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress fetches $1.5 million at auction via 
becky you missed it ! 
a cool 1.5 million .......... 
dress worn by judy garland in ' the wizard of oz ' has sold for $ 1,560,000 at auction . 
garland\'s \'wizard of oz\' dress goes for . 5 million 
whoa , dorothy - that's a lot of emeralds ! the wizard of oz 
iconic .... judy garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress fetches $1.5 million at auction 
okay . who was it ? who got me this dress ? i need to know if i'm to write an appropriate " thank you " card 
thats just ridiculous !! 
garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress goes for $1.5 million 
garland’s ‘ wizard of oz ’ dress goes for $1.5 million 
a dress worn by judy garland in the 1939 movie “ the wizard of oz ” sold for $1.56 million at an auction in new ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress goes for $1 … 
a dress worn by judy garland in the 1939 movie " the wizard of oz " sold for $1.56 million at an auction in new ... 

' star wars ' marketing campaign is out in full force 
rajmcj203 : rt nbcnews : ' star wars ' marketing campaign is out in full force 

man gets 4 years in prison for torching cvs during baltimore unrest over freddie gray 

frat brothers brighten hospital room for girl fighting cancer 
not even chiliheads 
ucla frat brothers bring smiles to girl fighting cancer 
lexi brown , a 12-year-old with cancer in her lungs , has inspired thousands . now some unlikely people are helping ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ucla frat brothers bring smiles to girl fi … 
love this ! go frat brothers brighten hospital room for girl fighting cancer 
my niece , who is fighting cancer , has now made the national news ! 
thanks for sharing that brothers can do some good ! 
" frat brothers brighten lexi brown's hospital room , little girl fighting cancer " 

college shuts down as fbi joins hunt for missing student via 
must be nice rt college shuts down as fbi joins hunt for missing student 


secret service accessed rep. jason chaffetz's personal info 60 times 


rt " bush calls for american troops on the ground in the middle east " 
rt jeb bush proposes additional force , ground troops to defeat isis " once more unto the breach " ,… 
jeb bush proposes additional force , ground troops to defeat isis " once more unto the breach " , you suckers ! 
rt bush proposes ground troops to defeat isis : republican presidential candidate jeb ... vi … 


researchers create tiny ' submarine ' from single molecule 

eiffel tower closed again over workers ' security fears 
" the main subject of the talks are security measures , " a spokeswoman told nbc news .... 
eiffel tower closed again over workers ’ security fears 
“ the main subject of the talks are security measures , ” a spokeswoman told nbc news . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! eiffel tower closed again over workers ' se … 

say no new threat | nbc new york vía 
new isis video shows nyc , officials say no new threat 
isis video shows nyc footage , officials say no new threat 
isis video shows nyc footage , officials say no new threat ( msnbc ) ( 2038 gmt ) 
isis propaganda video shows shots of times square ; officials say no new threat | nbc new york via 
new islamic state propaganda video shows shots of times square ; officials say no new threat | nbc new york 
new islamic state propaganda video shows shots of times square ; officials say no new threat | nbc ny vía 
new isis video shows times square , officials say no new threat 
just in : new isis propaganda video shows images of times square , but officials say threat isn't new 

u.s. catholic bishops condemn growth of ' corrosive ' pornography reports 
wrong issue " u.s. catholic bishops condemn ' corrosive ' pornography reports ” 
rt nbcnews " u.s. catholic bishops condemn growth of ' corrosive ' pornography alastairjam r … " 
u.s. catholic bishops condemn growth of ' corrosive ' pornography alastairjam reports 
nbcnews : u.s. catholic bishops condemn growth of ' corrosive ' pornography alastairjam repo … 

where does isis get its money ? via 
where does isis get its money ? via nbcnewsvideo 


1 dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers : 
one dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers 
" widows and orphans " 
two dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers 
heavy gunfire was reported for several hours beginning around 4:30 a.m. local time ( 10:30 p … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! one dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting … 
paris attacks : 1 dead , 7 arrested during saint-denis raid . 
heavy gunfire was reported for several hours beginning around 4:30 a.m. local time ( 10:30 p.m. et tuesday ) in the ... 

astronomers observe birth of an alien planet for first time 

amazon pulls nazi-themed ads for tv show from nyc subway 
we officially live in a world void of imagination + logic : amazon pulls nazi-themed ads for tv show from nyc subway 
amazon pulls nazi-themed ads from nyc subway 
amazon pulls nazi-themed ads from nyc subway : the advertisements for " the man in the h ... via 
the advertisements for “ the man in the high castle ” completely wrapped the seats , walls and ceilings of one train . 
the advertisements for " the man in the high castle " completely wrapped the seats , walls and … 
amazon pulls nazi-themed ads for tv show from nyc subway : the advertisements for " the man in the hi ... 
the advertisements for " the man in the high castle " completely wrapped the seats , walls and ceilings of one ... 
when marketing goes too far 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! amazon pulls nazi-themed ads for tv show f … 

facebook suspends account of woman named isis 
facebook suspends account of woman named isis via 

citing terror threats , state dept issues worldwide travel alert - 
the us state department on monday issued a worldwide alert for citizens . the alert expires feb . 24 
state department issues worldwide travel alert : 
i guess has no enemies 
worldwide travel alert issued by the over possible risk of travel due to increased terrorism threats . >>> 
citing threats , state department issues worldwide alert via 
be careful everyone . citing terror threats , state department issues worldwide travel alert : 
🇺🇸 issues worldwide 🌎🌍🌏 travel alert ✈️ via nbcnews 
rt state department issues worldwide travel alert : 
citing terror threats , issues worldwide 
as isis sucks us into more war , the best " victory " we can ever hope to get is a pyrrhic victory . 
awesome <_< and i get to fly through france tomorrow 






rt publishes photo of purported russian jet bomb has more 1pe http … 
learn more about the photo the terror group says shows russian jet bomb . 
is this the bomb that took down a russian jet ? 
metrojet crash : publishes photo of purported russian jet bomb 
isis publishes photo of purported russian jet bomb 
update : isis publishes photo of purported russian jet bomb 
metrojet crash : isis claims photo of jet bomb in dabiq magazine 
publishes of purported 
rt isis claims photo of jet bomb in propaganda magazine 
rt russian passenger plane was brought down by an ied in a soda can , isis says 
metrojet crash : isis publishes photo of suspected russian jet bomb . via 
extremely easy to bring down a plane now . more of this will probably happen in coming days . keep you eyes open . 
metrojet crash : publishes photo of purported jet bomb via 
russian passenger plane was brought down by an ied in a soda can , isis claims - via nbcnews 
what happened to and for ? 
have you seen this yet ? 
new : isis publishes purported photo of bomb that brought down russian jet » ( via 
" if they used a reliable military-grade explosive ... a very good quality military explosive with a fast detonating … 
rt isis publishes purported photo of bomb that brought down russian jet » ( via 
crash : publishes photo of purported bomb 

isis won't intimidate germany , spy chief says after soccer scare 
wont intimidate spy chief says after scare 
nbcnews : isis won't intimidate germany , spy chief says after soccer scare 

' anonymous , ' fellow hackers battle islamic state in cyberspace - 
raises some very interesting ethical questions for sure ! 
' anonymous ' hackers battle isis in cyberspace 
my heroes !!! 
" anonymous " and other hackers are battling isis in cyberspace 
fellow hackers battle islamic state in cyberspace - nbc news 
yes anonymous ! 
. & fellow hackers wage cyber-warfare against isis : 
what do you think of cyber vigilantes ? 
gotta love they do everything in style , even the cyber war against 
islamic state sympathizers using social media to spread propaganda and recruit fighters are … 
' anonymous , ' battles islamic - i wish anonymous ran for congress instead of the crooked shitheads we've got : 



charlie sheen says his hiv is ' undetectable , ' but can he infect others ? 
charlie sheen says his hiv is ' undetectable , ' but can he infect others ? - nbc news 
says his is ' undetectable , ' but can he infect others ? via 
charlie sheen's ' undetectable ' hiv : can he infect others ? - 
charlie sheen's hiv : can he infect others ? 
is undetectable hiv , the one the cia invented ? 
quoted from a friend's post : " fact : in all of the studies up to this point , there has been not 1 , that's right ,... 
sheen told nbc's matt lauer that it's " impossible " he could have infected anybody else . but … 

honda models top priority list for repairs in massive takata air bag recall 
nbcnews : honda models top priority list for repairs in massive takata air bag recall 

find out why workmen are digging hole in vatican wall 
find out why workmen are digging a hole in a vatican wall 
preparations are underway at the vatican for the jubilee of mercy , which starts in early … 
preparations are underway at the vatican for the jubilee of mercy , which starts in early december . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! find out why workmen are digging hole in v … 




feds seize hundreds of not-so-hot tamales in traveler's luggage 
rt nbcnews " feds seize hundreds of not-so-hot tamales in traveler's luggage " 

paris attacks : 2 dead , 7 arrested during saint-denis raid - 
is trending : 
one dead , 5 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers 
an amazing account -- must read : paris attacks : at least 1 dead , 5 arrested during saint-denis raid - nbc news 
rt atlanta's homeless choir will sing at the white house ! is awesome . 
paris attacks : 1 dead , 5 arrested during saint-denis raid - nbc news 
breaking -- latest on raid of suspected terrorists in 
from the we're tracking an hours long stand-off right outside paris . several suspected ... 
a woman kills herself w a suicide vest in an early morning raid north of 
several explosions could be heard around 7:30 a.m. local time , about three hours into the operation . heavy ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! one dead , 5 arrested during raid targeting … 
several explosions could be heard around 7:30 a.m. local time , about three hours into the … 
paris attacks : 1 dead , 5 arrested during saint-denis raid . " woman detonated her suicide vest " 
update : one dead , five others arrested in early morning raid north of paris . 

rt how to be an amazing father : 
rt how to be an great father : 
rt this father-son convo deserves endless rt's 
rt how to be a great father : 
rt he's such a good father 
rt " they've got guns but we have flowers . " watch a father's heartwarming talk with his young son about … 

here's how to tell if you have a crummy 401(k ) plan 
rt nbcnews " here's how to tell if you have a crummy 401(k ) plan " 

french police ask for help identifying suicide bomber 


streisand , spielberg and mays among 2015 presidential medal of freedom honorees 

dell acknowledges security hole in recently shipped laptops - 
dell acknowledges security hole in new laptops 
dell admits software in some new laptops makes it easy for hackers to access private data . 


toy gun sparks pope security alert 

two air france flights to diverted after bomb threats 


" this is not my time " : gop field shrinks as louisiana gov bobby jindal ends presidential run 
adios ! " gop field shrinks as louisiana gov bobby jindal ends presidential run " 
" this is not my time " : gop field shrinks as louisiana gov bobby jindal ends presiden … 

dead or alive ? fate of key isis terrorist still unknown 
paris attacks : at least 2 dead , 7 arrested during saint-denis raid - 
terror cell thwarted in raid was ready to act again : official - 
paris attacks : at least 2 dead , 8 arrested during saint-denis raid 
nothing here : 
france has mobilized massively in light of the attacks last week . if they had republicans , there would be calls ... 
two dead , 7 - 
" nbc news could not immediately confirm a report in the washington post saying abaaoud had been killed in the raid . " 
at least 2 dead , 8 arrested during saint-denis terror raid 
is isis finished with paris after the second attack ? 
looks like we are have some more over seas contingent , work place violent , set backs in france . 
two dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting attack lynchpin 
at least 2 dead , 8 arrested during raid ! 
2 dead , 8 arrested in raid of paris terror suspects . police fired 5k rounds after resistance . police dog died . 
in case you were under a rock : at least 2 dead , 7 arrested during saint-denis raid - 
at least 2 dead , 7 arrested during saint-denis terror raid : 
terror cell was ready to act again 
cell thwarted in france raid was ready to act : official via 
update : cell thwarted in france raid was ready to act : official 
cell thwarted in france raid was ready to act : official from 
cell thwarted in france raid was ready to act : official : saint-denis , france — a woman blew herself up in a pa ... 
paris attacks : 2 dead , 7 arrested during saint-denis raid - 
update : 7 arrested , 2 terrorists dead 
i hope the french police get every one of these jihadist isis motherfuckers 
parisraid sheexplodes 
2 dead , 7 arrested during raid ! 
rt this is what happened around the corner . 
heavy gunfire was reported for several hours beginning around 4:30 a.m. local time ( 10:30 p … 

cellphone with ' let's go ' text message recovered : report 
rt nbcnews " cellphone with ' let's go ' text message recovered : report " 


women outshine men in managing 401(k)s : study 
what men can learn from women about saving for retirement - 
what men can learn from women about saving for via 
it seems women know how to work the investment system better . 
it seems women know how to work the system better . 
shares strategies broken down by gender . who does it better ? find out here : 
what men can learn from women when it comes to managing 401(k)s 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! women outshine men in managing 401(k)s : st … 
women are better than men at managing their 401(k)s , according to study that contains some good lessons for ... 
msnbc women are better than men at managing their 401(k)s , according to study that contains s ... 


two air france flights diverted after bomb threats 
paris-bound flights diverted due to bomb threats ; will this cut down tourism ? 
two air france flights to paris diverted after bomb threats 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! two air france flights diverted after bomb … 
the two planes were diverted after bomb threats were phone in , authorities said . 

to u.s. mass shooting victims , the paris attacks are sadly familiar 
“ to u.s. mass shooting victims , the paris attacks are sadly familiar ” 
rt nbcnews " to u.s. mass shooting victims , the paris attacks are sadly familiar " 



eagles of death metal open up about paris concert attack 

imagine the future of this ? ruined your vocal cords -- just grow some new ones !!! 
researchers figure out how to grow new vocal cords 
researchers grow new vocal cords from cells - 
could we all be opera singers one day ? scientists grow new vocal cords from a few cells . 
researchers may have found a way to regrow vocal cords from cells . 
fresh voices : researchers grow new vocal cords from cells - nbc news 
researchers grow new vocal cords from cells . ⁰ 
this is amazing !! researchers grow new vocal cords from cells via 
breakthrough : researchers grow new vocal cords from cells - via salinas valley memorial healthcare system .... 
researches grow new vocal cords . 
researchers figured out how to grow new vocal cords 
new approach to tissue engineering : researchers grow new vocal cords from cells via 
ewwww but yay , i guess ? : growing new vocal cord tissue from cells ( via nbc news ) 
a new approach to tissue engineering - vocal folds grown from cells 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! researchers figure out how to grow new voc … 
it's not an easy thing to do .... 
fresh voices : researchers grow new from cells 
nathan welham on engineered vocal cords : the voice sounds a little bit like a kazoo ... explains 



your thanksgiving travel is about to get more intense 
thanksgiving travelers face intense security amid terror threat 
your turkey day travel is about to get more intense 
msnbc travel : your turkey day travel is about to get more intense : americans trying to get out of town for tha ... 
give yourself extra time for thanksgiving travel this week : 
turkey day travelers face intense security 
via turkey day travelers face intense security 
americans trying to get out of town for thanksgiving face more intense screening , longer … 
turkey day travelers face intense security - americans trying to get out of town for thanksgiving face more int ... 
americans trying to get out of town for thanksgiving face more intense screening , longer security lines and a ... 
thanksgiving travel this year promises to have longer lines , tougher screening , and general concerns about safety : 

last patient , a baby girl named nubia , recovers 
rt a baby girl in guinea , who was the last known ebola patient in west africa , has recovered : 
her name's nubia and she may be the ebola epidemic's last patient via 
last ebola patient , a baby girl named nubia , recovers 
baby girl named nubia may be ebola epidemic's last patient 
do you know nubia . why she's so significant : 

thanksgiving treat : gas prices are lowest in 7 years via 
traveling for thanksgiving ? gas prices are lowest in seven years - 


heavy winds leave thousands in nw us without power what's god's role in the weather ? 
winter storm socks southwest , takes aim for gulf coast 
travel chaos as winter storm socks southwest : 
travel chaos as heavy winds leave thousands without power in northwest - 
' hell of a mess ' : northwest windstorm leaves three dead 
hope everyone in wa and pnw is doing well after windstorm 
continue reading 
nbc news 
old man winter is striking with an early vengeance ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! winter storm socks southwest , takes aim fo … 


suspect in shooting of new orleans student in custody 
suspect in shooting of new orleans medical student in custody 
life w/o parole not enough . if they can't police their own , they should be subject to collective punishment . 
update : new orleans police : suspect in shooting of medical student taken into custody . 
suspect in shooting of new orleans medical student in custody - nbc news 
great work new orleans pd & us marshalls ... 
another obama son . dragged woman down street , murdered tulane student who tried to intervene . fully confesses . 
rt update : new orleans police : suspect in shooting of medical student taken into custody . … 
we should applaud the tulane student who was shot risking his in new orleans to keep a woman from being abducted 
⚜ suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run : new orleans police announced sunday that ... 
suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run ( msnbc ) ( 1340 gmt ) 
helen hey babe . how was new orleans ? charlie the president did very well . 
new orleans police announced sunday that they had made progress in the investigation by … 
rt update : suspect in shooting of medical student who helped stop attack of woman now in custody … 
they caught the 
suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run ( msnbc ) ( 1110 gmt ) 

dinosaur claws and a folding trampoline top this year's ' worst toys ' list 
rt nbcnews " dinosaur claws and a folding trampoline top this year's ' worst toys ' list " 


fear and political freak out , from ebola to paris 
officer who accused crooked cop of harassment breaks silence nbc news " he took my career , " said denise duebner .... 
what do the paris attacks have in common with ebola ? 
first read : fear and political freak out , from ebola to paris - 
first read : fear and political freak out , from ebola to paris via 
from ebola to paris : fear and the political freak out via 
" instead of being comforter-in-chief , obama blasts his political critics " first read via 
what do the paris attacks and the ebola crisis have in common ? 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day's… 
gop/trump bully talk- piss pants scared bash obama but rallied culprit bush or u traitor fear freakout via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! what do the paris attacks have in common w … 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day's most important ... 
meetthepress : from ebola to paris : fear and the political freak out via nbcfirstread 
fear and political freak out , from ebola to paris : first read is a morning briefi ... via . 
is obama prioritizing defending his presidential legacy ? important read per 
rt msnbc : fear and political freak out , from ebola to paris 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day’s most important ... 
our take on obama's very defensive presser : instead of being comforter-in-chief , he blasted his political critics 



carson now says he didn\'t see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 
flip flopper ? 
rare candidate not radicalizing news now says he didn't see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 
yup , wrote about it yesterday evening ! 
mr. trump's applause lies continue while carson recants nj cheering muslims comment ; 
now says he didn't 👀 cheer 9/11 . said worse of & naive 2think some didn't . 
rt like trump , carson says he saw video of us muslims cheering 9/11 - nbcnews . comlike trum ... … 
i'm ready to propose a new dsm diagnosis : republican hallucinatory disorder ( rhd ) . rhs causes severe ... 
this guy walks back almost everything he says-except almost killing a friend and going after mother with a hammer ... 
i am getting fed up with these republican fools and the time and energy it costs to continually refute their ... 
update : carson now says he didn’t see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 
carson now says he didn't see us muslims cheer 9/11 - 
" carson does not stand by his statements . hearing & thinking something differently!' 

see photos from this morning's raid in saint-denis , france , near paris via 
see photos from this morning's raid in saint-denis , france , near paris … 

what disney character do voters in a focus group compare to ? 
asked to describe focus group voters cite characters in 
male and female participants in oh focus group said country could benefit from a female president . 
negative/gendered adjectives used to describe hrc in focus group : domineering , uptight , icy , polarizing , calculating 
voters laud clinton's ' steel ' but ask : is she likable enough ? via 
is hillary clinton likable enough to be elected president ? 
uh , i can't believe we're talking about " likeable enough , hillary " again 
voters laud clinton's ' steel ' but : is she likable enough ? - agree , rubs me the wrong way .. like nails on a chalkboard 
hrc supporters ask : is she likable enough ? others ask : could they dislike her more ? via 
" spine of steel . " " balls . " focus groups say clinton's up to the job . but many just don't like/trust her . 
voters laud clinton’s ‘ steel ’ but ask : is she likable enough ? 
voters laud clinton's ' steel ' but ask : is she likable enough ? : in a pair of focus ... via . 
on focus groups ' opinions on hillary : they think she's strong/tough/ready . they just don't * like * her 
clinton as a fictional character ? maleficent , wicked stepmother , tasmanian devil , " taming of the shrew , " olivia pope 
msnbc : voters laud clinton's ' steel ' but ask : is she likable enough ? 
want to read about focus group participants talking about gender without saying it ? 
feels as if there's a deep chasm between what polls say about donald trump and what focus groups say 
dtn usa : voters laud clinton's ' steel ' but ask : is she likable enough ? : in a pair of focus groups in ohio , gen ... 
scouting voters laud clinton's ' steel ' but ask : is she likable enough ? thoughts ? 
in a pair of focus groups in ohio , general election voters from across the political spectrum said that clinton ... 

wednesday : today's top seven news stories 



angie's list rejects $512 million takeover offer from iac 


snowboarders challenge utah ski resort's ban 
rt nbcnews " snowboarders challenge utah ski resort's ban " 





ready to do some serious holiday shopping ? will offer holiday deals every 5 minutes ! 
amazon to offer holiday deals every 5 minutes 
amazon to pick up holiday pace , offer special deals every 5 minutes - 
to offer special deals every 5 minutes for 
msnbc amazon will offer new holiday deals as often as every five minutes starting friday and ... 
says it will offer a new holiday special every 5 minutes starting friday 

rt risk of terrorists among migrants low in us , high in europe , intel officials tell … 
nbcnightlynews : rt nbcnews : risk of terrorists among migrants low in us , high in europe , intel officials tell rwin … 
risk of terrorists among migrants low in us , high in europe , intel officials tell rwindrem 
risk of terrorists among migrants low in us , high in europe , intel officials tell rw … 



kerry arrives in israel for talks w/ netanyahu , abbas - i thank 4 speaking out against terror in israel 
kerry arrives in israel for talks with netanyahu , abbas 
kerry arrives in israel to ' calm things down a little ' 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! kerry arrives in israel to ' calm things do … 
a rash of deadly attacks have dampened any lingering hopes of renewed peace negotiations … 
kerry arrives in israel to ‘ calm things down a little ’ 
a rash of deadly attacks have dampened any lingering hopes of renewed peace negotiations between israel and the ... 



watch french police sweep down st. -denis streets with guns drawn 
french police sweep down st. -denis streets with guns drawn via 
watch cops sweep paris streets in anti-terror operation 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! watch cops sweep paris streets in anti-ter … 
the anti-terror operation in the northern suburb of paris spilled onto the surrounding … 
french cops sweep paris streets in anti-terror operation 
the anti-terror operation in the northern suburb of paris spilled onto the surrounding streets with armed police ... 





and fellow hackers battle isis in cyberspace 


explosive belt found in paris suburb 
more ridiculous staged theatrical false flag propaganda ... 
the discovery in the montrouge neighborhood triggered new worries as investigators continued … 
the discovery in the montrouge neighborhood triggered new worries as investigators continued an international ... 


abid naseer , pakistani man , sentenced in u.s. to 40 years for al qaeda plot 
pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall ( msnbc ) ( 1511 gmt ) 
pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall ( msnbc ) ( 1234 gmt ) 
pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall vía 
pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall ( msnbc ) ( 0952 gmt ) 
pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall : abid naseer was convicted nearly six years after h ... 
pakistani man gets 40 years for terror plot to bomb shopping mall 




dallas woman charged in butt injection death 
dallas woman charged with manslaughter in butt injection death 
seek a board certified plastic surgeon for aesthetic procedures-a 22yrold died after silicone butt injections . 
illegal cosmetic butt injection causes death 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! dallas woman charged in butt injection dea … 
st. louis county prosecutors say nitica lee injected a silicone substance into daysha phillips ' buttocks in a ... 
st. louis county prosecutors say nitica lee injected a silicone substance into daysha … 
also more important to me than isis : 



suspect befriended family before campsite massacre : cops 
befriended family before texas campsite massacre : cops via 
suspect helped family before campsite massacre : cops 
investigators : murder suspect helped 6 texas family members before killing them . 
investigators : texas murder suspect helped 6 family members before killing them 
the suspect allegedly helped the family free a stuck vehicle before returning and murdering six of them 
rt non-muslim white guy kills 6 at texas campsite 
nbcnightlynews : investigators : murder suspect helped 6 texas family members before killing them . 
suspect befriended family before texas campsite massacre ! 
need something to fear ? here you go . mass murderer in tx that few even know about . 
my daughter worked with one of the girls . so so sad 
befriend , then murder . throughout history . judeo-christian values 
a texas man accused of killing six members of a family at a campsite befriended his victims … 


skydiving student killed in weekend accident in arizona 
colorado woman killed in arizona skydiving accident - 
skydiving student killed in arizona weekend accident ( msnbc ) ( 1617 gmt ) 
last-second turbulence was blamed for sending a tandem skydiving team plunging into the … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! colorado woman killed in arizona skydiving … 
last-second turbulence was blamed for sending a tandem skydiving team plunging into the ground , killing a ... 

gene scan finds surprising mutations in kids with cancer 
rt nbcnews " gene scan finds surprising mutations in kids with cancer " 


tech : 7 tools for the perfect 

tech giants don't budge as lawmakers push weakened 
giants don't budge as lawmakers push weakened via 
“ ... tech companies are trying to do the right thing , and it's because it's good for business for them . ” 
tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption 
tech giants fight l ... | 
tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption : the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate around e ... 
dtn usa : tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption : the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate ... 
scouting tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption thoughts ? 
tech giants fight lawmakers on crypto compromise - the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate around e ... 
unidrone explorer > tech giants fight lawmakers on crypto compromise 
the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate around encryption inside the beltway , much to the chagrin of ... 

one dead , five arrested during raid targeting paris attackers 




man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old gabriella doolin 
man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old girl in ky . 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of gabriella doolin , 7 via 
my god : 
kentucky man could face death in rape & murder of 7-year-old 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old ( msnbc ) ( 1911 gmt ) 
thug smh 
kentucky man could face death in rape and murder of 7 yr old girl . via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! man could face death in rape , murder of 7- … 
it is dedicated to lady gaga man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old girl in k … 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old ( msnbc ) ( 1532 gmt ) 
timothy wayne madden was held on $1 million bail monday and could face the death sentence .... 
kentucky man charged in killing of 7-year-old gabriella doolin could face death penalty . 

national institutes of health ( nih ) last 50 chimpanzees are retiring via 
nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring 
rt nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring - nbc news 
nih's last 50 chimpanzees retiring 
upset peta sent letter to neighbors ? not as upset as chimps abused for yrs ! boofuckinghoo 
awesome !!! nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring via 
rt nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring via love this but , what about our wounded soldi … 
nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring via love this but , what about our wounded soldiers hypocrisy ! 
poor chimps ... but today is a great day , nih retires all but 50 chimps from animal testing 
chimps retire . 
nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring : the last 50 chimpanzees set aside for federal medical research will be ... 
good news ! chimps will no longer be used for research purposes ! 
the last 50 chimpanzees set aside for federal medical research will be retired , nih said .... 
the last 50 nih chimps are retiring 
no more testing on chimps at nih . sending last 50 to a sanctuary . great news ! 
national institutes of health's last 50 chimpanzees are headed for retirement 
it may take years to get them all into the sanctuary 

paris attacks : police hunt 9th attacker in massacre as surveillance shows 2 gunmen - ... 
police hunt ninth attacker in paris massacre 
the disclosure of a second possible fugitive came as france launched new airstrikes against … 
paris attacks : police hunt 9th attacker in massacre as … 
police hunt second fugitive involved in paris attacks 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! police hunt ninth attacker in paris massac … 
breaking : paris attacks : police hunt 9th attacker in massacre as surveillance shows 2 gunme ... 
the disclosure of a second possible fugitive came as france launched new airstrikes against isis , which has ... 

carson aides admit candidate needs work on foreign policy 
how about a correct us map ? mt aides admit candidate needs work on foreign policy 

ceo announces defense operations center 
announces cyber defense operations center . 
microsoft ceo announces cyber defense operations center 
to date , 160 million customer records have been compromised , according to microsoft ... 
it takes on average 229 days to detect a hack . microsoft is making changes are you ? 
speaking in the nation’s capital on tuesday morning , microsoft ceo satya nadella said that “ 2015 has been a tough ... 
think they're hiring ? • 
microsoft announces defense operations center 
ceo announces operations center - 
ceo says in that it is building a operations center . 
this just emphasize the need for orgs to refresh their view on 229 days avg to detect a hack says it all 
microsoft is creating a cyber defense center 
microsoft is building a cyber defense operations center to respond to threats - 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! microsoft ceo announces cyber defense oper … 
speaking in the nation's capital on tuesday morning , microsoft ceo satya nadella said that ' 2015 has been a tough ... 
ceo announces state-of-the-art defense operations center for threat response 
what will be outcome future will show , this is something only gov or companies like or can build 
microsoft is building a cyber defense operations center to respond to threa … 

' we cannot succumb to fear ' : u.s. , france unite against isis 
obama , hollande to discuss paris attacks , isis threat 
' we cannot succumb to fear ' : us , france unite against isis - 
obama : " we cannot succumb to fear . we share the same trust in freedom . " u.s. & france unite against isis 
obama , hollande to discuss paris attacks , isis threat ( msnbc ) ( 1228 gmt ) 
obama , french president discuss paris attacks , isis threat 
obama , french president to discuss paris attacks , isis threat 
obama , hollande to discuss paris attacks , isis threat ( msnbc ) ( 0946 gmt ) 
hollande's trip to washington is part of a diplomatic push to get the international … 
obama , hollande discuss paris attacks , isis threat - 
says go through 2 years of vetting before they are allowed into the country . live now 

woman arrested after trying to open plane's exit door mid-flight 



gunfire & explosions rock during anti-terror raids . story : 
nbcnews : gunfire & explosions rock during anti-terror raids . story : 

scan finds surprising mutations in kids with cancer 
st jude patient juan carries genetic cancer mutations . so does his mom & brother , all tested at st jude : 
finds surprising mutations in with nbcnews 
gene scan finds surprising mutations in kids with - nbc news 
lfs in the news . 
scan finds surprising mutations in kids with cancer … 
gene scan of children with show some have genetic mutations that could run in families . 
gene scan finds surprising mutations in with via 
~ 8% of children w/cancer have genes predisposing the disease . 4 the 92% - look 2 vaccines & enviroment 4 root cause 
new research : more than 8% of children w/ cancer have mutations that could run in their families . 
some kids with cancer may have inherited dna mutations 
rt : gene scan finds surprising mutations in kids with via … 



consumer prices edged higher in october 

vehicles in high humidity areas along gulf coast get top priority for repairs as govt begins massive 
takata air bag recall : honda models top priority list for repairs 
u.s. prioritizes models in takata air bag recall 
msnbc the nhtsa is shifting the takata air bag recall into high gear , setting a priority list ... 

john kasich proposes new government agency to promote judeo-christian values 
wth ?! john kasich proposes new government agency to promote judeo-christian values 
rt nbcnews " john kasich proposes new government agency to promote judeo-christian values " 

eagles of death metal ' horrified ' by bataclan club attack : 
eagles of death metal ' horrified ' by bataclan attack in paris - 
' bonded in grief ' : band opens up about paris attack 
" eagles of death metal opens up about paris attack " 
eagles of death metal , band playing during paris attacks , is " still trying to come to terms with what happened . " 
eagles of death metal , band playing during paris attacks , is " still trying to come t … 
nbcnightlynews : eagles of death metal , band playing during paris attacks , is " still trying to come to terms with w … 
eagles of death metal , band playing during paris attacks , is " still trying to come to terms with what happen … 
eagles of death metal paid tribute to those who died in the bataclan nightclub .... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ' bonded in grief ' : band opens up about par … 
update : ‘ bonded in grief ’ : band opens up about paris attack 
‘ bonded in grief ’ : california band’s paris attack ordeal 

intel officials : migrant risk high in europe , low in u.s. 
even uber-liberal nbc says of the syrians pouring into europe , 70 percent are young men ages 15 to 30 . 
should western europe be more cautious with their migrants ? 
terrorist in migrant flow ? us intelligence looks at risks . 
rt terrorist in migrant flow ? us intelligence looks at risks . 
the crush of refugees and gaps in technology are raising concerns . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! intel officials : migrant risk high in euro … 
intel officials : migrant risk high in europe , low in us - 

charlie sheen says his hiv is ' undetectable , ' but can he still infect others ? 

russia has been targeting turkish nationals under the pretext of going after daesh , of course turkey shot the ... 
apparently you can give 10 warnings in 3 seconds 
turkey shoots down russian warplane 
turkey shoots down russian warplane near border with syria - 
... then it gobble gobble gobble got out of there ! 
rt turkey shoots down russian warplane 
turkey shoots down russian warplane : hmm ... where is this in the scriptures ? may be bigger than isis ! via 
again - turkey owes russia an apology and restitution for knee jerk reaction via 
turkey down russian warplane via 
that's not good . 
downed russian jet only over turkey for \'seconds\': u.s. officials 
update : downed russian jet only over turkey for ‘ seconds ’ : u.s. officials 
<<" they were in turkish airspace only 2 to 3 seconds , a matter of seconds " the [ us defence ] officials said . >> hmm 
turkish air force contends they warned russian aircraft 10 times in 5 min before their jets opened fire via 
lets hope cooler heads prevail on this one . first major incident in 50 years between and 
russia is fighting isis and turkey is shooting down its planes . what is going on in the world ? guess the world is ... 
shoots down warplane via 
rt shoots down warplane via 
we're going to be hearing the phrase " heightened tensions " a lot more . 
turkey shoots down russian warplane ; putin calls it a ' crime ' 
nothing like a bit of drama to start the day ! 
turkey shoots down russian warplane-'1st time a nato member has downed a russian aircraft since 1950s ' 
wwiii started today . gonna start binge-watching today " turkey downs russian warplane " via 
is this really happening ? turkey shoots down russian warplane , at least one pilot is dead . 
interesting thanksgiving week headline : " turkey shoots down russian warplane " 
not a small matter . this morning , turkish forces shot down a russian military aircraft near the syrian border . 
wow . turkey . u continue to amaze the world and never in good ways . 
putin insists on supporting his puppet and screws up the whole fight against isis by having his aircraft in ... 
military helicopters search for 2 pilots ejected from warplane downed by 

on the lookout for stealthy attacks after warning 
retailers on the lookout for stealthy malware attacks 
retailers on the lookout for payment-card-stealing holiday shopping season via 
u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches leading into the holiday shopping season 
msnbc u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches after a cyber intelligence firm ... 
u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches after a cyber intelligence firm … 
tis the season ? retailers on the lookout after warning - 
u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches after a spider intelligence firm privately warned them ... 
u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches after a cyber intelligence firm privately warned them ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! retailers on the lookout for stealthy malw … 


suspect befriended family before texas campsite massacre , police say 

no , you have the worlds biggest ego ??? 
amid latest controversy , trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' - 
" i have the world's greatest memory . it's one thing everyone agrees on . " 
update : trump : ‘ i have the world’s greatest memory ’ 
amid controversy , trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' all those " thousands and thousands " in jersey city ? 
rt trump tells he knows he saw tv of muslims celebrating 9/11 because he has ' world's greatest memory ' … 
trump’s great memory 
its a bird , its a plane , no its buffoonman ! trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' via 
seems like an opportunity for an amazing new case study 😃 ' via nbcnews 
msnbc : trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' 
bs , everybody knows kim-jong un has the world’s greatest memory . it’s hereditary . 
dtn usa : trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invincible , despite inten ... 
trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invincible , despite intense push b ... 
trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invin ... via . 
scouting trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' thoughts ? 
donald trump is a joke . this guy just gets more outrageous with each comment he makes . scary that some support him . 
can all of this really be happening ? this man has a double-digit lead . where am i ? via 
web dsign 
seo website builder amid latest c ... 

travel chaos as winter storm socks southwest 
rt nbcnews " travel chaos as winter storm socks southwest " 

obama unloads on gop candidates over refugee refusal 

northwest windstorm leaves 3 dead 

' angry is not a solution ' : paris survivor makes a plea for understanding 
rt ' angry is not a solution ' : paris survivor makes a plea for understanding 


french cops sweep the streets of during this morning's anti-terror raid . 
rt french cops sweep the streets of during this morning's anti-terror raid . story : … 
french cops sweep the streets of during this morning's antiterror raid : 
french cops sweep the streets of saintdenis during this morning's anti-terror raid . story 
nbcinvestigates : rt nbcnews : french cops sweep the streets of during this morning's anti-terror raid . … 
french cops sweep the streets of during this morning's anti-terror raid . story : … 
" french cops sweep the streets of anti-terror raid : " 


breaking news : isis declared war against bangladesh ... 
isis and - spea's sumit ganguly : 
new isis magazine offers chilling clues to terror group\'s growth 
sumit ganguly tells isis ' indication it has moved into bangladesh is a real problem : 
isis magazine details attacks , expansion 
nbc goes in depth into isis lariat magazine publication that details paris attacks 
" ( isis in bangladesh)deeply worrisome , for d reason of bl proximity 2 india & d porousness of the border , " s ganguly 
magazine details attacks , expansion into new countries 
new magazine : chilling clues to terror group's growth+the bombing of that 
the latest issue of dabiq describes operations in bangladesh and claims credit for acts of terror in multiple ... 
the latest issue of dabiq describes operations in bangladesh and claims credit for acts of … 

hawaii supreme court suspends giant telescope permit 



" i think the most confusing things in life are when it seems like bad things happen to good people , " -davey ... 
pastor : slain wife ' didn't have an enemy in the world ' - 
pastor davey blackburn : slain wife ' didn't have an enemy in the world ' 
what do you think about davey blackburn ? 
prayers for davey blackburn and his family . " weeping may endure for the night , but joy comes in the morning . " ... 
indianapolis pastor davey blackburn : slain wife ' didn't have an enemy in the ... - 
a pregnant woman who was shot to death last week in her indianapolis home " didn't have an … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! pastor : slain wife ' didn't have an enemy i … 





who was in — and who's still on the run 
attackers - killed , arrested and at-large . 
who was killed in paris attacks — and who's still on the run 
who were the paris attackers , and who's still on the run ? 
who was killed in — and who's still on the run has more , 1pe 
this link is from 8 hrs ago . it says 6 of 7 known attackers were local 
according to nbc , one bomber entered europe oct 3 on boat filled w/ migrants . caution isn't stupidity . 
update : who were the paris attackers , and who’s still on the run ? 
why not increase scrutiny for eu nationals coming into us ? they were the actual paris attackers . 
of the known suspects , most were either born in france or neighboring belgium , authorities have said .... 
of the known suspects , most were either born in france or neighboring belgium , authorities … 
who was killed in — and who's still on the run via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! who were the paris attackers , and who's st … 


britain develops cyberattack powers to take on isis 


most powerful nations ban hacking for commercial gain 




gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race 
gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race via 
this is not good , not good at all . 3 gov's out , trump in . gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race 
2016 : gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race - 
and in the nationalization of our politics , rhetoric and bluster count much more than results in state capitals 
one reason for gop governors fizzling -- if they were set up to be dc outsiders , they were overtaken by trump/carson 
' 16 was supposed to be year of the governor . instead , gop race so far has been about the departing/disappearing govs 
it's not a great year for gop governors running for president : 
meetthepress : it's not a great year for gop governors running for president : 
gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race - nbc news 
govs fizzle in race : perry , walker , jindal already out -- jeb , huck , christie struggle 
gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race : republican governors were suppose ... via . 
msnbc : gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race 
dtn usa : gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race : republican governors were supposed to be the stars of ... 
rt gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race 
scouting gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race thoughts ? 
gop govs fizzle in ' 16 prez race : perry , walker , jindal have already exited ; jeb , huck , christie have struggled 
republican governors were supposed to be the stars of this year’s presidential election but they’ve so far ... 



closed again over workers ' security fears 
rt nbcnews : eiffel tower closed again over workers ' security fears … 

girls feel less confident about learning computer science , and teachers aren't helping 
rt nbcnews " girls feel less confident about learning computer science , and teachers aren't helping … " 



jamar clark protests : two arrested in black lives matter shooting 
white suspect arrested in shooting ! 
jamar clark protests : 5 shot near black lives matter encampment 
nbc news 
two arrested in shooting at protest 
suspect arrested in shooting at protest 
it's time for some narrative power analysis on the news coverage from minneapolis ! 
so ... wait again not syrians ? 
white men sought in shooting at protest : cops were hunting three ... 
our hearts go out to the five protesters shot in minneapolis last night at 
get a job , pull your pants up and cover your ass crack , address things properly and shut the fuck up .... 
go fucking fuck yourselves you people make the rest of your race suffer the embarrassment of your sideways bullshit ! 
fuck black lives matter . every time something happens you jackass motherfuckers run around cryin racism !!! 
continue reading 
five shot at minneapolis protests for jamar clark 
five shot near protest over police killing of jamar clark 
5 shot during protest 
police are searching for 3 white men in connection with 5 shot and injured during a black lives matter protest in ... 
minneapolis police searching for 3 white suspects after 5 people shot near protest over shooting of black man . 
judeo-christian values probably the police in disguise fearing that murder conviction . 
cops seek 3 white men in shooting at protest 
' five shot at protests for 
prayers for those affected by the while protesting for 
nbcnightlynews : minneapolis police searching for 3 white suspects after 5 people shot near protest over shooting o … 
3 white men sought in shooting at protest - 
minneapolis police searching for 3 white suspects after 5 people shot near protest over shooting of black ma … 
incorrect , all 5 are alive- still terrible . 
5 protesters shot near encampment calling for 
five shot at minneapolis protest for jamar clark ( msnbc ) ( 0445 gmt ) 


french police ask for help identifying suicide bomber 
french police asking for help identifying paris suicide bomber 
french police ask for help id'ing suicide bomber 
a passport linked to one of the paris bombers was probably fake -- so who is he ? 
french police issued an appeal late tuesday to help identify one of the suicide bombers … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! french police ask for help identifying sui … 
french police issued an appeal late tuesday to help identify one of the suicide bombers involved in the paris ... 

what do the paris attacks have in common with ebola ? 


can governors legally block syrian refugees ? probably not ! 
rt under supreme court precedent , it's the fed government , not governors , that runs refugee policy . new … 
can governors block syrian refugees ? probably not 
rt limiting how refugees enter the us is a legit debate - but legally , it's for feds , not governors . report w https://… 
can governors block syrian refugees ? survey says ..... 
well it's up to 31 per this story , but i'm hoping to see all the states listed 
can governors block syrian refugees ? well , it depends ( msnbc ) ( 0106 gmt ) 
rt msnbc : can governors block syrian refugees ? well , it depends 
can governors block syrian refugees ? well , it depends ( msnbc ) ( 2220 gmt ) 

video : resident says police targets were in his apartment 

woman who disrupted british airways flight appears in court 

an american missing in paris ? 
an american missing in paris ? family searching for taylor 
nbc news did a story about my tweet on austin taylor . 
i hope my tweet helped . 
i posted a message on twitter regarding austin taylor , and was surprised the next morning to see it was going ... 
please share my friend and former cast mate is missing in pairs . 
avid traveler austin taylor was last seen in new york city several weeks ago . however , his passport was last ... 
find austin taylor 


isis propaganda video shows nyc times square footage , but officials say no new threat 
rt nbcnews " isis propaganda video shows nyc times square footage , but officials say no new threat … " 
isis propaganda video shows nyc times square footage , but officials say no new threa … 


where does isis gets its money ? 
launching terrorist attacks and maintaining their caliphate isn’t cheap . where does isis get the money it needs ... 
where does isis get the money it needs to run its operation ? watch our 101 : 

' angry is not a solution ' : paris survivor makes a plea for understanding 
\'angry is not a solution , \' paris survivor preaches 
‘ angry is not a solution , ’ paris survivor preaches 
louis samka works at the bataclan cafe and took a bullet in the leg when gunmen opened fire on a concert there ... 

paris attacks : 1 dead , 5 arrested during saint-denis raid 
least 2 dead , 8 arrested during saint-denis terror raid via 
gunfire erupts as elite french police seek paris attack suspects 
terror cell thwarted in raid was ready to act again : official 
in was ready to again : 
at least 2 dead , 8 arrested during saint-denis terror raid 
rt one dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers 
at least 2 dead , 7 arrested during saint-denis terror raid 
saint-denis terror raid ended with the arrest of 8 suspects via 
" he said police fired some 5,000 rounds . " i realize this is a hunt for a terrorist but it triggered a guttural ... 
at least 2 dead , 7 arrested during saint-denis terror raid via 
no , its not islam .. lol .. two dead , 7 arrested via 
cell thwarted in france raid was ready to act : official 
woman suspected of being in cahoots with paris jihad butchers detonates herself in paris suburb during police raid 
two dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers 
two dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting attack mastermind 
woman blows herself up , 5 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers 
rt one dead , 5 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers via 
🔵 two dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting attackers 
two dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers vía 
targeted during today's raid but unclear if he was arrested . 
watch the video : two dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting 
gunfire heard in police operation near paris 

get the nationwide thanksgiving day forecast 
a large storm will cover much of the nation on thanksgiving and may thwart travelers .... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! get the nationwide thanksgiving day foreca … 


rugby's first global superstar dies at 40 
rugby's first global superstar dies aged 40 
icymi : rugby's first global superstar jonah lomu dies at 40 
rugby's first global superstar jonah lomu dies at 40 via 
an imposing mountain of a man with speed to burn , lomu burst on to the international stage … 
update : rugby’s first global superstar dies at 40 
an imposing mountain of a man with speed to burn , lomu burst on to the international stage at the 1995 world cup ... 
rt imwhitneyblack : jonah lomu : rugby's firs ... | … 
rugby's first global superstar dies aged 40 : an imposing mountain of a man with speed to burn , lomu burst on t ... 
rugby’s first global superstar dies aged 40 
rugby's first global superstar jonah lomu dies aged 40 
global rugby superstar and new zealand hero jonah lomu has died at age 40 . ( 
web dsign jonah lomu : rugby's first gl ... 

why do people keep posting that these horrors are not being reported by the major news media ... 
rt suicide bombing blamed on boko haram extremists kills 32 , wounds around 80 at truck stop in northeastern nigeria . https … 
boko haram blast at truck stop kills 32 , wounds dozens 
boko haram blast at truck stop kills 32 in nigeria 
boko haram blast at truck stop kills 32 , wounds dozens via 
bigger threat than isis ... blast at truck stop kills 32 , wounds dozens via nbcnews 
suicide bombing by boko haram killed 32 and wounded 80 this week in nigeria 
news as of yesterday ; we could easily dispatch a us marine amphibious unit to nigeria and eradicate boko haram .... 
rt stand w/people of against as we stand with the people of france against isis . 
blast at truck stop kills 32 , wounds dozens in via 

terror cell thwarted in raid was ready to act again : paris prosecutor 




what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to cops 
smart kid . 
what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to cops ( msnbc ) ( 2238 gmt ) 
what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to cops : zachary becerra loves superheroes . but fo ... 
never underestimate someone b/c of their age ! 7 y/o honors one po at a time . via 
oh my gosh my heart needed this . if you can find the full story online ( i couldn't , i think because it just aired ... 
what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to police officers via 
zachary becerra loves superheroes . but for this 7-year-old , there are no greater heroes than … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! what one 7-year-old boy does to show his g … 
zachary becerra loves superheroes . but for this 7-year-old , there are no greater heroes than new york city's ... 

pastor says his slain wife ' didn't have an enemy in the world ' 
rt nbcnews " pastor says his slain wife ' didn't have an enemy in the world ' " 

man who saved dangling pregnant woman during recalls ' surreal ' rescue 
rt nbcnews " man who saved dangling pregnant woman during recalls ' surreal ' rescue … " 


rt prayers for the families of 4 military service members killed in military helicopter crash at fort hood . … 
rt tragic news from ft . hood 
four killed in military helicopter crash at fort hood in 
rt condolences to ft hood & their families : four killed in military helicopter crash at fort hood in texas … 
rt four killed in military helicopter crash at fort hood in 



pride for youth now provides comprehensive sexual health screenings , including blood draws and anal/oral swabs .... 
cdc sees increase in sti outbreaks due to lack of federal and state funding . 
cdc sees ' alarming ' increase in sexually transmitted diseases : 
i'm glad someone is writing about the increase in non hiv std exposure among prep users . 
large increase in nationwide . due 2 cuts in & care . 
desperate for education to stem epidemic . 
sees ' alarming ' increase in sexually transmitted diseases new transmitted infections are ppl 15-24 . 
rome , ga also sees a dramatic rise in stds ! 
" in one year 7 percent of local health departments said they closed their std clinics . " ' alarming ' increase in stds 
rt ppmo_advocates : " common sexually transmitted diseases such as syphilis and gonorrhea have exploded in recent ye … 
" common sexually transmitted diseases such as syphilis and gonorrhea have exploded in recent years , in part ... 
what's going on to cause the increase ? there are several factors , the cdc says . budget cuts are a big factor .... 
the reports alarming increase in stds . now is not time for congress to cut or 
" cdc sees ' alarming ' increase in stds " find your nearest planned parenthood and get tested 
sees " alarming " rise in story 
the more we cut sex education and availability to contraception , the more we see this climb . fight sti's: vote ... 
cdc sees ' alarming ' increase in stds " in part because of reduced funding for public health clinics " via 
cdc sees ' alarming ' increase in via 
come on america ... get with it ! 
but by all means , let's keep attacking planned parenthood 
is essential to sexual health . get tested ! 
hook up culture ... 


journalist trained to treat wounds recalls helping paris attack victims 

rt trial set for journalist arrested for bulletproof vest and helmet in thailand 
trial dates set for journalist arrested for bulletproof vest and helmet in thailand 
rt nbcnews " trial dates set for journalist arrested for bulletproof vest and helmet in thailand … " 





teenaged boy dies of ebola in liberia 
a 15-year-old boy has died of ebola in liberia , the first death since the summer in a country that thought itself ... 

sighted but still missing : the 21 year search for renee lamanna 
spotted but still missing ... the 21 year search for renee lamanna . have you seen her ? 
fascinating but sad story of a woman with dissociative disorder missing 21yrs . speaks 5 lang . but essentially lost 
renee lamanna story hits home for me . like renee's family i haven't seen my mom cloudia leslie wells missing for ... 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching ( msnbc ) ( 2202 gmt ) 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching ( msnbc ) ( 1938 gmt ) 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching ( msnbc ) ( 1659 gmt ) 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching ( msnbc ) ( 1440 gmt ) 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching : dozens of sightings over the past two decades ... 

at least 12 dead in attack on tunisia military bus - 
rt new : at least 11 dead after explosion hits bus carrying tunisian presidential guards in tunis . 
at least 11 dead in attack on tunisia military bus 
with bacon bits ... 
at least 12 guards were killed and 17 wounded in tunisia , by muslims ! yes , that's right again ! muslims ! 
12 dead in terrorist attack on tunisia military bus 
at least 12 people were killed today after an explosion tore through a bus full of tunisian presidential guards - 
seo website builder at least 12 d ... 
web dsign 
islamic state claimed both attacks . 

how to tell if you have a crummy 401(k ) plan 
here's how to tell if you have a crummy 401(k ) plan via 
401(k ) fees can range from 50 basis points up to 3 percent . that's a big (& costly ) difference . via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! how to tell if you have a crummy 401(k ) pl … 
most people don't know how to evaluate whether or not they have a good 401(k ) plan . read this and you will .... 
how to tell if you have a crummy plan , and what to do about it 
msnbc most people don't know how to evaluate whether or not they have a good 401(k ) plan . rea ... 

defense secretary ashton carter : we are at war with isis 
stand by for ash carter to be the next guy obama fires . 
defense secretary ashton carter : we are at war with isis - nbc news 
defense secretary ashton carter to " we are at war with isis " look for this to be walked back stat 
: we are at with 
defense secretary ashton carter agrees that the united states is at war with isis in an … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! defense secretary ashton carter : we are at … 
defense secretary carter : we are at war with isis we are at war with the devil ! 

