cdc sees ' alarming ' increase in sexually transmitted diseases 

the time has come to support and not the racist gop candidates who want to replace him . 
obama : don\'t be \'scared of widows and 3-year-old orphans\' 
after all they're his peeps . 
obama chides anti-refugee politicians for being ' scared of widows & 3-year-old orphans ' nov 18 , 2015 
made an awesome speech on & are being awesome on this too 
can our next have some common sense ? don't be ' scared of widows and 3-year-old orphans ' 
and dismisses governors ' nat'l security concerns as " whim " . nat'l security . whim . whim ?!?! via 
wonder what god will tell doug ducey governor doug ducey when he meets his maker ? helping widows and the ... 
burnnnnnnn 
" when candidates say we shouldn't admit three-year-old orphans , that's political posturing , " obama said . 
gosh , can this a-hole be any more divisive ? unbelievable how we got here ! 
don't be ' scared of widows & 3-year-old orphans ' focus on those that created them in paris & 911 ! 
rt i guess president obama missed excellent column 
obama chides politicians for being ' scared of widows and 3yr old orphans ' obama : political a-hole or idiot ? :-p 
obama to republicans : stop acting so scared 
obama chides anti-refugee politicians for being ' scared of widows and 3-year ... - 
three year old orphans and widows ?!?! i've seen more grown men in the refugee groups than any other ! our potus ... 
obama:don't be ' scared of widows & 3-year-old orphans ' mr pres . we never wanted the refugees this is not new . get clue 
rt obama chides anti-refugee politicians for being ' scared of widows and 3yr old orphans ' bullshit!i'm scared of obama http … 
candidates are all fluff and no stuff ! . . . . 
via according to a pbs report it would take years to vet refugees . why not build up lebanon and jordan ? 
there is a problem with this thinking . there are not very many old women and young children . and the young ... 
via " god is pleased by who we include not who we exclude , stop worshipping at the alter of hate 
as a woman blows herself up in paris last night obama : don't be ' scared of widows and 3-yold orphans ' via 
seriously , this is the guy you people elected . this is not my president , he does not represent my values . 
obama : us cannot make decisions based on ‘ exaggeration of risks ’ . 
widows , orphans did not commit obama refuses to admit risk , don't be ' scared of widows , orphans ' 
obama on refugees : don't be scared of widows & orphans 
obama chides politicians refusing syrian refugees for being " scared of widows and three-year-old orphans " 
obama overlooks the obvious fact that he's the one americans are scared of : don't be ' scared of 3-year-old orphans ' 
talks to about fuck you cowards !!! 

journalist bystander recalls helping paris wounded 
' keep them on earth with us ' : bystander recalls helping paris wounded - 
sweetlucy has just clapped this picture . to view it click here 
a french television producer who received training for war wounds was near the attack on la … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! journalist bystander recalls helping paris … 
a french television producer who received training for war wounds was near the attack on la belle equipe friday ... 

the strangest thing you've heard all morning : " i felt a great disturbance in the force ... as if hundreds of ... 
feds crack down on not-so-hot tamales at airport - 
feds crack down on tamales at airport via he was probably taking orders for his friends across the border . 
they were frightened by the pork tamales or trying smuggle them .. 
look omg 
not the tamales !!! 
this is so much more important to me than isis : 
a traveler had 450 of the illegal tamales in his luggage .... 
- while was inspecting 460 illegal immigrants jumped the security line . via nbcnews 
trump's plan in action ... real live mexican stopped at the border . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! feds crack down on not-so-hot tamales at a … 

facebook activates ' safety check ' for nigeria blasts - 
activates ' safety check ' for nigeria blasts via 

paris attacks prompt renewed calls for tougher isis strategy 
here's how to win the fight against isis : experts - 
paris attacks prompt renewed calls for tougher isis strategy via 
stop shooting : experts weigh in on how to defeat isis - 
" this is a war of vengeance . and wars of vengeance never work . " - via 
update : here’s how to win the fight against isis : experts 
here's how to win the fight against experts 
how do you stop isis ? looks at four scenarios . 
nbcinvestigates : how do you stop isis ? jonschuppe looks at four scenarios . 
does the u.s. need a new isis strategy ? 
the attacks in paris prompt renewed criticism of the u . s . ' s campaign to thwart isis in syria … 

woman who disrupted british airways flight appears in court 

find out why workmen are digging a hole in a vatican wall 

carson aides admit candidate needs work on foreign policy 
ben carson's campaign is admitting it needs to do a better job of " communicating his message " amid ongoing doubts ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! carson aides admit candidate needs work on … 
carson's aides admitted the candidate needs work on foreign policy : need to " get better ... at communicating his msg " 
ben carson’s campaign is admitting it needs to do a better job of “ communicating his message ” amid ongoing doubts ... 
some good reporting from close carson aides admit , their candidate needs work on foriegn policy 

winter storm socks southwest , takes aim for gulf coast 

could mars someday have rings like saturn ? 
could mars someday have rings like saturn ? ( via news ) 
mars may one day have rings similar to saturn's famous halo , new research suggests . 

two air france flights to paris - from l.a. and d.c. - diverted after bomb threats 
2 air france flights toparis - from lax & dulles diverted after bomb threats -nbc 

court upholds contractual right to destroy couple's frozen embryos over wife's objections : 
judge sides with husband : frozen embryos must be destroyed 
judge sides with husband , says frozen embryos must be destroyed 
here's something interesting 
a california judge has ruled that a woman must allow five frozen embryos to be destroyed as part of a divorce ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! judge sides with husband , says frozen embr … 
it is dedicated to lady gaga judge sides with husband , says frozen embryos must be destro … 
fascinating reading . where do you stand on this controversial issue ? 

tech industry not budging as officials push anti-encryption after paris 
retweeted seánfederic o-o murchú ( tech industry isn't budging as officials insist encryption is ... 
rt tech industry isn't budging as officials insist encryption is undermining battle against terror threat … 
tech not budging as officials push anti-encryption 
" blaming encrypted technology and recent curbs on intelligence-gathering for empowering the terrorists . " 😂😂😂 
tech industry not budging as officials push anti-encryption after paris < translation . don't fuck with math . 
tech not budging as officials push anti-encryption : the paris terror attacks have reignited the debate around ... 
unidrone explorer > tech not budging as officials push anti-encryption 
tech industry isn't budging as officials insist encryption is undermining battle against terror threat via 

angie\'s list rejects 12 million takeover offer 
angie's list rejects $512 million takeover offer 
angie's list rejects $512 million takeover offer from iac 
says $512 million takeover bid from iac ' dramatically undervalues ' company 
msnbc the home services review site angie's list says that its board has rejected a $512 mill ... 

wife of disgraced fox lake officer seeks to unfreeze family accounts - nbc chicago 
gliniewicz's wife seeks to unfreeze family accounts - 
wife of disgraced fox lake cop wants accounts unfrozen ( msnbc ) ( 0039 gmt ) 
according to phil rogers , she filed a motion in lke county court 
wife of disgraced fox lake cop wants accounts unfrozen ( msnbc ) ( 2159 gmt ) 
wife of disgraced fox lake cop wants accounts unfrozen : the assets were frozen after investigators discovered ... 
wife of disgraced fox lake cop wants accounts unfrozen ( msnbc ) ( 1932 gmt ) 
wife of disgraced fox lake , ill ., officer files motion to unfreeze family accounts - 
wife of disgraced fox lake , ill ., officer files motion to unfreeze family accounts - - breaking news 
wife of disgraced officer seeks to unfreeze family accounts 
wife of disgraced fox lake , ill ., officer files motion to unfreeze family a … 

can't wait until black friday ? grab early deals 
can't wait until black friday ? grab these early deals 
looking for a new ipad ? how about an apple watch ? best buy is offering big discounts on them for black friday .... 
looking for an ipad ? how about an apple watch or a new tv ? black friday is days away , but some deals are online now 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! can't wait until black friday ? grab early … 

watch live : trump ohio campaign rally via 

voters laud hillary clinton's ' steel ' but ask : is she likable enough ? 
no mt " voters laud hillary clinton's ' steel ' but ask : is she likable enough ? ” 
rt voters laud hillary clinton's ' steel ' but ask : is she likable enough ? 
“ voters laud hillary clinton's ' steel ' but ask : is she likable enough ? ” no 

wife of disgraced officer gliniewicz who police say killed himself wants accounts unfrozen 
rt nbcnews " wife of disgraced officer gliniewicz who police say killed himself wants accounts unfrozen … " 

questions and answers about ex-subway pitchman jared fogle's sentencing 

why is the suburb of home to so many extremists ? 
why is the brussels neighborhood of molenbeek home to so many extremists ? 

watch a jilted bride destroy her wedding dress 

rt obama criticizes anti-refugee crowd for being " scared of widows and 3-year-old orphans " … 

france’s hollande to meet with obama , putin for isis talks 

ringleader visited scenes of paris terror attacks : official 
paris ringleader visited terror scenes after attacks , prosecutor says - 
rt prosecutor : after participating in suspected ringleader returned to scenes . http … 
paris ringleader visited terror scenes after attacks ,… 

will offer holiday deals every 5 minutes 

today in pictures : winter is coming and more 
today in pictures : november 17 via 
see tuesday’s best news pictures . 

greek islands see ' drastic decrease ' in arrivals of migrants and ... 
greek islands see ' drastic decrease ' in migrant arrivals 
the number of refugees and migrants arriving on greece islands dropped drastically over the weekend , officials ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! greek islands see ' drastic decrease ' in mi … 
greek islands see ‘ drastic decrease ’ in migrant arrivals 

this german heavy metal band wants a lead singer — made of metal reports 
this german heavy metal band wants a lead singer — made of metal ameckardt reports 
rt nbcnews " this german heavy metal band wants a lead singer — made of metal ameckardt r … " 
nbcnews : this german heavy metal band wants a lead singer — made of metal ameckardt repo … 
this german heavy metal band wants a lead singer — made of metal … 

" microsoft ceo announces cyber defense operations center " 

john kerry : don't rush to judgment on syria refugees resettling in the u.s. 
nbcnews : john kerry : don't rush to judgment on syria refugees resettling in the u.s. 

update : surveillance footage shows two gunman firing on paris bar , confirming ninth attacker 
retweeted nbc news ( update : surveillance footage shows two gunman firing on paris bar , confirming nint … 

fraud rates for online transactions seen up during holidays : study - 
fraud rates for online transactions seen up during holidays via 
online transactions fraud seen up during holidays : study 
msnbc as consumers prepare for holiday shopping , attempts by criminals to steal payment card ... 

gay student sues over textbooks ' claims that homosexuality is disease 
student sues over textbooks ' claims on homosexuality 
chinese textbooks claim homosexuality is disease ; student sues 
china . maybe this'd work in tex " gay student sues that over textbooks ' claims homosexuality is disease " via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! student sues over textbooks ' claims on hom … 
qiu bai , 20 , raised the issue two years ago as a curious freshman looking through medical … 
qiu bai , 20 , raised the issue two years ago as a curious freshman looking through medical textbooks for answers ... 
student sues over textbooks ’ claims on homosexuality 

recon app watches your other apps for leaked private info - 
app recon watches other apps for leaked private info . 
the app keeps an eye on your other apps to make sure they aren't leaking your personal & private information 
recon is based on a platform called meddle which ashwin rao from cs department built during his phd thesis . 
recon watches your other apps for leaked private info 
more press for recon : 

cellphone with ' let's go ' text message recovered : 
rt cellphone with ' let's go ' text message recovered : 
cellphone with ' let's go ' text message recovered : via todayshow 
todayshow : cellphone with ' let's go ' text message recovered : 
" two of the three bataclan terrorists have been identified by authorities as french citizens ismael omar ... 
paris attacks : cellphone reportedly found near bataclan venue 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! cellphone with ' let's go ' text message rec … 
a cellphone was found near the bataclan massacre that contained a map of the venue and a … 
cellphone with ‘ let’s go ’ text message recovered : report 
a cellphone was found near the bataclan massacre that contained a map of the venue and a text message saying ... 

muscle men in jewish scheme headed to jail 
muscle men in jewish divorce scheme headed to jail 
muscle men in scheme headed to jail 

video purportedly shows what's inside hotel room of accomplice 

attacks : isis digs in , anticipating assault on syria's raqqa - 
isis fortifies defenses in syria stronghold : residents 
fortifies defenses in stronghold : residents 
isis militants are stiffening their defenses in their de facto capital of raqqa , as … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! isis fortifies defenses in syria stronghol … 
isis militants are stiffening their defenses in their de facto capital of raqqa , as international airstrikes ... 
isis fortifies defenses in raqqa in face of assault via 

amazon founder bezos ' space company lands a rocket 
amazon founder jeff bezos\' space company lands a rocket 
wow ! a rocket that has vertical landing capabilities ! || amazon founder jeff bezos ' space company lands a rocket 
every visionary starts out with a crazy idea that nobody believes is possible - take that you non-believers ! 
jeff bezos ' space transportation company , blue origin , successfully landed a suborbital rocket at its launch site 
what does amazon not do ?? 
amazon founder jeff bezos ' space company successfully lands a rocket 
amazon founder jeff bezos ' space company safely lands a rocket - 
i think jeff bezos is beginning to look like dr. evil ! 
amazon founder jeff bezos ' space transportation company , blue origin , successfully landed a suborbital rocket ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! amazon founder jeff bezos ' space company l … 
what's going on dc ? amazon founder jeff bezos ' space company safely lands a … get found -> 
amazon founder bezos ' rocket company sticks the landing : amazon founder jeff bezos ' space transportation compa ... 

national institutes of health ( nih ) last 50 chimpanzees are retiring via 
nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring 
rt nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring - nbc news 
nih's last 50 chimpanzees retiring 
upset peta sent letter to neighbors ? not as upset as chimps abused for yrs ! boofuckinghoo 
awesome !!! nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring via 
rt nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring via love this but , what about our wounded soldi … 
nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring via love this but , what about our wounded soldiers hypocrisy ! 
poor chimps ... but today is a great day , nih retires all but 50 chimps from animal testing 
chimps retire . 
nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring : the last 50 chimpanzees set aside for federal medical research will be ... 
good news ! chimps will no longer be used for research purposes ! 
the last 50 chimpanzees set aside for federal medical research will be retired , nih said .... 
the last 50 nih chimps are retiring 
no more testing on chimps at nih . sending last 50 to a sanctuary . great news ! 
national institutes of health's last 50 chimpanzees are headed for retirement 
it may take years to get them all into the sanctuary 

will the numerous product tie-ins boost product sales or fall flat : 
\'star wars\' - the marketing awakens 
will star wars product tie-ins boost product sales or fall flat ? marketing prof . ray taylor weighs in on nbc news : 

rt sure looks like marco rubio's supporters are breaking the law : 
pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law 
will do anything to win ! bad news fast talking 0 record do nothing politician ! 
campaign watchdogs : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law via 
watchdogs : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law legal questions are being raised about conservative solutions ... 
rt campaign finance watchdogs tell that a pro-rubio tv ad campaign may have broken law : … 
important : campaign watchdogs say " pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law " 
rubio tv ads violate the law . watchdogs seek action via 
rt rubio operation drawing increased media criticism … & via 
rubio operation drawing increased media criticism … & via & 
' s comm dude is the same guy accused of running an illegal super pac for 
pressure grows on for its illegal pro- tv ads via 
small error here . karl rove's 501(c)(4 ) spent $100mill opposing obama reelection , not backing it . 
rubio should do his senate job well first . 
rubio no different than hillary r . clinton . now breaking laws another obama . hrc/rubio have mainstream media $$ 
asking the to please look into this & any other violation . keep money out of politics !! 
conservatives play fast and loose with ethics to benefit rubio . 
why some of those pro-rubio tv ads may be breaking the law . w/ strong reporting 
corrupt cuban breaking the law . put him in jail . 
please read+share ! 
clc & rubio tv ads are breaking the law via 
pro- tv ads are breaking the law 
ads funded illegally 
rt pro- tv ads are breaking the law 
campaign watchdogs agree : pro- ads are breaking campaign finance law via 

bedtime for bonzo : the u.s. government's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring 

german police shut down soccer game , evacuate stadiums after threat 

texas man executed for fire that killed 3 children - 
here's nbc's story on tonight's texas execution , and an inmate utterly betrayed by his court-appointed lawyers . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! texas man executed for fire that killed 3 … 

texas man executed for fire that killed three children 
rt nbcnews " texas man executed for fire that killed three children " 

georgia death row inmate asks for six-pack of beer as last meal via 
georgia inmate asks for six-pack of beer as last meal 
because it's bad for your health !! 
georgia inmate marcus ray johnson denied beer as last meal - 
georgia inmate denied beer as last meal -- 
marcus ray johnson denied a 6 pack of beer as his last meal . many doubts about his guilt . set to be executed ... 
" pro " life gop state of georgia to execute human being marcus ray johnson tonight at 7pm . denied beer at last meal 
georgia inmate denied six-pack of beer as last meal 
a bar and drink person , vice , right to the end . what a non-productive and destructive life . 
georgia inmate denied six-pack of beer as last meal ( msnbc ) ( 1641 gmt ) 
the top questions sent to it help desk . 
give the guy a beer ....... jeez 
inmate marcus ray johnson is scheduled to die tomorrow . for his last meal he asked for a six pack . ga department ... 
georgia inmate denied six-pack of beer as last meal ( msnbc ) ( 1410 gmt ) 
guy on georgia's death row requests a six-pack of beer for his last meal . he was refused . 
prison officials said alcohol is contraband .... 
death row inmate refused last meal request : 6 pack of beer . instead he got fish and grits . no appeal ? 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! georgia inmate asks for six-pack of beer a … 
guy on death row asks for a six-pack of beer as last meal ; is denied . come on ! cripes . 
georgia inmate marcus ray johnson denied six-pack of beer as last meal via 

developing : high-level terror suspect abdelhamid abaaoud among targets of raid : prosecutors … 
rt nbcnews " developing : high-level terror suspect abdelhamid abaaoud among targets of raid : prosecutors … " 
dannysullivan : rt nbcnews : developing : high-level terror suspect abdelhamid abaaoud among targets of raid : prosecu … 

isis won't intimidate germany , spy chief says after soccer scare - 
isis won't intimidate germany : spy chief after soccer scare 
won't intimidate spy chief after soccer scare 
isis won’t intimidate germany : spy chief after soccer scare 
germany's domestic intelligence chief said his country must not be intimidated by isis … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! isis won't intimidate germany : spy chief a … 
germany’s domestic intelligence chief said his country must not be intimidated by isis violence , hours after a ... 
germany's domestic intelligence chief said his country must not be intimidated by isis violence , hours after a ... 

what can anonymous really do to isis ? 
what can anonymous really do to isis ? via 
nbcnews : what can anonymous really do to isis ? 

russian pilot and marine sent to save him both killed 
shooting down fighter jets is ok . killing the pilots once they've ejected is not . 
one russian fighter pilot confirmed dead , along with rescuer : russian pilot and marine sent to save him both killed 
russian pilot and marine sent to save him both killed : a russian marine was killed tuesday while he was search ... 
rt russian pilot and marine sent to save him both killed : a russian marine was killed tuesday while he was search ... … 
russian pilot and marine sent to save him both killed : a russian marine was killed tue ... via 
russian pilot , marine sent to save him both killed on turkey/syria border 
the turks also shot down the russian's rescue helicopter ? this could get very interesting . 
already furious with the turks for shooting down their warplane , rudskoy closed by declaring that " contacts with ... 
a russian marine was killed tuesday while he was searching for a pair of pilots whose plane … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! russian pilot and marine sent to save him … 
a russian marine was killed tuesday while he was searching for a pair of pilots whose plane was shot down by ... 

isis\' tentacles stretch to this suburb 
from sprouts terrorist link - probe centers on brussels suburb of molenbeek - nbc news 
paris attacks : probe centers on brussels suburb of molenbeek - 
why is this suburb home to so many extremists ? 
paris attacks : probe centers on brussels suburb of … 

barbra streisand , stephen spielberg , willie mays and james taylor to get presidential medal of freedom by obama 
congrats to the own & on receiving medal of freedom . pride for our community . 
1 hour to → awards presidential medal of freedom to 17 americans ; we'll carry the ceremony live . 
meetthepress : 1 hour to → potus awards presidential medal of freedom to 17 americans ; we'll carry the ce … 
streisand receives the highest civilian honor in the u.s. on nov 24th . her spirited arrangement of " jingle ... 
streisand , spielberg to get presidential medal of freedom 
streisand , spielberg and mays to get presidential medal of freedom via 
what a joke 
barbra streisand , steven spielberg , willie mays to get presidential medal of freedom 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! streisand , spielberg to get presidential m … 
singer barbra streisand , filmmaker steven spielberg and baseball great willie mays are among 17 americans who ... 
2/10 these medals just as well come in halloween candy bags > streisand etc to get prez medal of freedom via 

last known ebola patient , a baby girl named nubia , has recovered 
last known patient , a baby girl named nubia , has recovered 

fraud rates for online transactions likely to rise during holidays 

home abortions rise after texas law closes clinics 
rt home abortions rise after texas law closes clinics 
thank you no to and no to supporting murderers . 
only a matter of time b4 we're back 2 clandestine , unsafe abortions & women start dying again . 
virginia is for lovers , texas is for a-holes : another fine job - what century are you in ? 
rt - dude i don't care how you feel about abortion , 240k women risking their lives in fear is just f … 
soooooooo maybe we just let them choose what to do with their bodies ... 
- dude i don't care how you feel about abortion , 240k women risking their lives in fear is just flat out sad . 
between 100,000 to 240,000 women ( 18 to 49 ) in tx have tried self-induce abortion - after law closes clinics 
don't think this is what " pro-life " people had in mind . 
100 -240k texan women have attempted at-home abortions after legislative attempts to curtail access to clinics 
reported as a confirmed " fact " , home abortions rise after tx law closes clinics 
home abortions rise after law closes clinics via 
who needs planned parenthood when we have cytotec and online tutorials ? what could possibly go wrong ? 
no joke ... 
utterly shocking : 

ceos of 78 global companies urge governments to price carbon emissions . 
siemens , unilever , hsbc , pepsico ... major international companies from numerous industries joining 74 others in ... 
78 ceos urge pricing of carbon emissions 
rt 78 ceos urge pricing of carbon emissions 
msnbc leaders of 78 major global companies urged governments on monday to include pricing of ... 
leaders of 78 major global companies urged governments on monday to include pricing of carbon emissions in ... 

rugby's first global superstar dies aged 40 

nyc mayor and police chief : new yorkers will not be intimidated by isis propaganda 

video : watch cops sweep streets in anti-terror operation 

good news : cuts prices ; bad news : now $375 per pill vs $1 in europe via nbcnews 
turing pharmaceuticals , company at center of drug price-gouging storm , cuts ... - 
company at center of drug price storm cuts cost of medicine 
msnbc turing pharmaceuticals on tuesday said it would cut the cost of its anti-infection drug ... 
company led by reviled ceo martin shkreli cuts drug price to $375 per pill . in europe : $1 . 
company at center of drug price-gouging storm cuts cost of medicine via 
. raises then lowers cost of hiv med but still nowhere near original cost & europe is still paying $1 . 
turing pharmaceuticals on tuesday said it would cut the cost of its anti-infection drug to hospitals . 

laying the groundwork for the blood-nannies of ( 
laying the foundation for blood-nannies : 
single-molecule submarine cruises the atomic seas 
all aboard : single-molecule submarine cruises the atomic seas 
researchers control single molecule nanosubmarine with uv light . 
all aboard : single-molecule submarine cruises the atomic seas via 
🎶 we ( can’t ) all live in the nano-submarine , the nano-submarine , the nano-submarine . 🎶 
all aboard : single-molecule cruises the atomic seas nbcnews 
single-molecule submarine created ( 244 atoms) > via 
fascinating , ominous & foreboding all at once ---> " single-molecule submarine cruises the atomic seas " via 
researchers create tiny \'submarine\' from single molecule 
researchers at rice university have created a " nanosub " -- a single-molecule submarine 
science is cool . 
what an incredible invention . a single molecule submarine : 
check out some cool work from our inventor - a submarine on the nano scale ! via 
get dennis quaid to drive it . 
i cringe in anticipation of the launch site . 

french cops sweep the streets of during this morning's anti-terror raid . 
rt french cops sweep the streets of during this morning's anti-terror raid . story : … 
french cops sweep the streets of during this morning's antiterror raid : 
french cops sweep the streets of saintdenis during this morning's anti-terror raid . story 
nbcinvestigates : rt nbcnews : french cops sweep the streets of during this morning's anti-terror raid . … 
french cops sweep the streets of during this morning's anti-terror raid . story : … 
" french cops sweep the streets of anti-terror raid : " 

privacy violation much !? the president’s secret service looked up 60 times on a restricted database 
secret service accessed chaffetz's personal info 60 times ( msnbc ) ( 1653 gmt ) 
secret service accessed chaffetz's personal info 60 times ( msnbc ) ( 1401 gmt ) 
secret service accessed rep. chaffetz's personal info 60 times - 
secret service accessed chaffetz's personal info 60 times ( msnbc ) ( 1131 gmt ) 
totally out of control accessed rep. chaffetz's personal info 60 times via 
homeland security inspector general john roth testified at joint house-senate hearing that secret ... 
homeland security inspector general john roth testified at joint house-sena … 
secret service employees improperly accessed rep. chaffetz's personal info 60 times . 
secret service accessed chaffetz's personal info 60 times : secret service employees improperly accessed a rest ... 
( national ) secret service accessed chaffetz's personal info 60 times : secret service employees improperly acce ... 

savior of dangling pregnant woman recalls ' surreal ' rescue via 
savior of dangling woman recalls ' surreal ' rescue 
the paris massacre survivor credited with saving the life of a pregnant woman dangling from … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! savior of dangling woman recalls ' surreal'… 
the paris massacre survivor credited with saving the life of a pregnant woman dangling from a window told tuesday ... 
savior of dangling woman recalls ‘ surreal ’ rescue 
savior of the pregnant woman dangling from a window in le bataclan recalls ' surreal ' rescue via 

pastor among 8 indicted in fatal new york church beating - 
pastor among 8 indicted in fatal new york church beating : the pastor of an new york church where a young man w ... 
pastor is among eight indicted in fatal new york church beating 
the pastor of an new york church where a young man was beaten to death and his brother seriously injured was among eight people charged tuesday . 

clinton says taking in refugees is " who we are as americans " 
taking in refugees is ' who we are as americans ' via 
she's exactly right . 
the best decision ever !!. via 
says taking in is ' who we are as 🇺🇸 
will admitting refugees further cement our identity or be our downfall ? the dispute continues . 
abused spouse talk-clinton : taking refugees is " who we are as americans " via 
dtn usa : clinton : taking refugees is " who we are as americans " : hillary clinton says taking refugees fleeing s ... 
clinton : taking refugees is " who we are as americans " : hillary clinton says takin ... via . 
clinton : taking refugees is “ who we are as americans ” 
hillary clinton says taking refugees fleeing syria is a part of “ who we are as americans ” 

most powerful nations ban hacking for commercial gain 

parisian on guests : ' i didn't know they were terrorists ' 
saint-denis resident says police targets were in his apartment 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! parisian on guests : ' i didn't know they we … 
jawad ben dow said someone had asked him a favor and had no idea as to the identity of people staying in his ... 

fewer men are being screened for prostate cancer , and fewer diagnosed , too 

german police shut down soccer game , evacuate stadiums - 
germany shuts down soccer game , evacuates stadium 
how long can the evacuations continue ? 
the german-hosted match at hdi arena in hanover was canceled about an hour-and-a-half before … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! german police shut down soccer game , evacu … 
the german-hosted match at hdi arena in hanover was canceled about an hour-and-a-half before it was set to take ... 

toy gun sparks pope security alert 
post-paris jitters : toy gun sparks papal security alert 
post-paris jitters : toy gun sparks papal security alert ( msnbc ) ( 1228 gmt ) 
post-paris jitters : toy gun sparks papal security alert ( msnbc ) ( 1001 gmt ) 
post-paris jitters : toy gun sparks papal security alert ( msnbc ) ( 0715 gmt ) 
an american says he was briefly detained by police who mistook a toy gun and halloween … 
3novices : post-paris jitters : toy gun sparks papal security alert an american says he was briefly detained by polic … 
it is dedicated to lady gaga post-paris jitters : toy gun sparks papal security alert 
an american says he was briefly detained by police who mistook a toy gun and halloween costume in his parked suv ... 

man gets 4 years in prison for torching cvs during baltimore unrest over freddie gray 

2,000 contract airport workers go on strike at seven u.s. hubs 
2,000 contract workers go on strike at seven u.s. airports 
air service worker's union strikes at 7 locations , demand $15 hour . 
rt 7 major airports baggage handlers are on strike today . from boston to texas .. hope none of you are travelling .!... htt … 
2,000 contract airport workers go on strike at seven u.s. hubs incl . logan airport in boston via 
they should be fired immediately . unfortunately they are mostly minorities and you're not allowed to ! via 
airport workers at the country's busiest hubs are on strike today . 
i wonder if this is why my initial flight was delayed 3 hours -_- 
will passengers get bags at final destination ? 
more than 2,000 airport workers are striking today to fair min . wage for their families ( via 
i love it when unions complain of intimidation and harassment ... 2k airport workers go on strike at 7 us hubs 
traveling this holiday ? several airports will have ee strikes for of $15 . 
2,000 contract workers strike at seven u.s. airports today 

snowboarders challenge utah ski resort's ban 
shred this ! : snowboarders challenge ski resort's ban 
shred this ! : challenge utah ski resort's ban 
boarders sue ski resort's ban . ok dumbasses , u'r right 2b on slopes but resort doesn't have 2 let u on their lifts . 
rt a group of snowboarders will argue tuesday before a federal appeals court that a ban o … 
a group of snowboarders will argue tuesday before a federal appeals court that a ban on their sport at a utah ski ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! snowboarders challenge utah ski resort's b … 
hard to believe with as many resorts as there are out there , these folks would resort to this . amateur hour . 
msnbc a group of snowboarders will argue tuesday before a federal appeals court that a ban on ... 
foursome asks court to force to shred its ban 

efforts continue to find the right balance between treatment and diagnosis . 
has advice against prostate cancer screening gone too far ? 
fewer screenings and fewer early detections in how do personal risks fit with the guidelines ? 
considering getting scanned for prostate cancer ? less men are . 
" less prostate cancer and screening seen after new guidance " 
what are your thoughts ? 
fewer men screened for prostate cancer , and fewer diagnosed , too 
‘ less prostate cancer and screening seen after new guidance ’ 
has advice against prostate screening gone too far ? via 

hillary clinton scores new major endorsement 
influential seiu announces support for hillary clinton - 
she's for us . 
great union makes intelligent endorsement : seiu supports hillary clinton suck it , 
seiu endorses hillary using other peoples money to support a liar . 
this is shocking ! ok , maybe not ... 
feel the hillarrrrryyyyyyy !!! :-) hillary clinton 2016 rrooooooaaarrrrrrr !!!! :-) 
democratic presidential frontrunner hillary clinton picked up another major endorsement on … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! hillary clinton scores new major endorseme … 
democratic presidential frontrunner hillary clinton picked up another major endorsement on tuesday when the ... 
msnbc : influential seiu endorses clinton 
influential seiu endorses clinton : democratic presidential frontrunner hillary cl ... via . 
democratic presidential frontrunner hillary clinton just picked up another major endorsemen t--t he service ... 
influential seiu endorses clinton : democratic presidential frontrunner hillary clinton picked up another major ... 
scouting influential seiu endorses clinton thoughts ? 

" syrian refugees are a flashpoint in louisiana governor's race " 
rt nbcnews : syrian refugees are a flashpoint in louisiana governor's race 

auto emissions campaigners target testing in new renault report - 
clean air groups target automakers ' testing tricks 
clean air groups target automakers ' testing tricks ( msnbc ) ( 1213 gmt ) 
emissions campaigners target testing in new renault report - nbcnews … 
msnbc : clean air groups target automakers ' testing tricks 
dtn usa : clean air groups target automakers ' testing tricks : a swiss study found renault's espace minivan rele ... 
msnbc a swiss study found renault's espace minivan released diesel emissions 25 times legal l ... 

to obama : say it to my face 
rt this is too good mt " cruz to obama : say it to my face ” 

interesting . we don't consider the insane lone gunman to be a terrorist but our focus is on the perpetrator and ... 
to u.s. mass shooting victims , paris attacks sadly familiar 
retweeted joseph b . jaskolka ( to u.s. mass shooting victims , paris attacks sadly familiar ... 
rt to u.s. mass shooting victims , paris attacks sadly familiar 
studies : " a mass shooter is in many ways psychologically similar to someone who would be easily recruited to terror " 
isn't it , sadly ? 
" we've been living under terrorist attacks since columbine . they're just being done by our own people " 
mass shooting victims ' families retraumatized by paris attacks , featuring 
to us mass shooting surivors like paris attacks sadly familiar via 
reframing mass shootings in usa as terrorist attacks . living in breeds more and via 

first they came : kasich goes after trump with tough video 
first they came : kasich goes after trump with tough video : the battle between ohio gov ... via 
too many don't care until it's their religion , their race , or their kind . 
the battle between ohio gov . john kasich and gop front-runner donald trump is heating up . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! first they came : kasich goes after trump w … 
the battle between ohio gov . and gop front-runner is heating up . 
seo website builder first they ca ... 
first they came : kasich hits trump with tough video invoking martin niemöller's famous lines 

two air france flights to paris diverted after bomb threats . 
rt federal sources : air france flights to paris diverted to nova scotia and salt lake city due to phoned bomb threats . htt … 
vist- air france flights to paris diverted after bomb threats - 
two air france flights diverted after bomb threats 
two air france flight to paris diverted . 

feds announce sweeping actions against dietary supplement makers read all about it : 
all natural ? cures alzheimer's ? maybe not , feds say 
rt all natural ? cures alzheimer's ? maybe not , feds say 
buyer beware . save your money for real food . 
feds announce \'sweeping\' actions against supplement makers 
taking supplements ? do your research before you go ! they're not all what they're cracked up to be . via 
what are your thoughts on this ? i personally believe it's been a long time coming . 
rt feds announce ' sweeping ' actions against supplement makers 
rt mkweb feds announce ' sweeping ' actions against supplement makers 
news : feds scrutinizing supplement makers misrepresenting ingreds . 
your “ natural ” may contain prescription drugs & end up being dangerous to your life 
feds arrest execs of supplement co's responsible for deaths from supplements 
have questions about natural supplements ; call the poison center at 1-800-222-1222 . 
rt not targeting all makers but the … 

hollande to meet obama , putin for isis talks 
why is hollande traveling to moscow to " coordinate " attacks on 
paris terror attack : hollande to d.c. , moscow for isis talks 
will travel to washington & moscow to coordinate the fight against 
france’s president francois hollande will travel to both washington and moscow next week to coordinate the ... 

dallas woman charged with manslaughter in butt injection death 

likeable enough ?!?! she isn't likeable at all . 
what disney character do voters in a focus group compare to ? 
asked to describe focus group voters cite characters in 
male and female participants in oh focus group said country could benefit from a female president . 
negative/gendered adjectives used to describe hrc in focus group : domineering , uptight , icy , polarizing , calculating 
voters laud clinton's ' steel ' but ask : is she likable enough ? via 
is hillary clinton likable enough to be elected president ? 
uh , i can't believe we're talking about " likeable enough , hillary " again 
voters laud clinton's ' steel ' but : is she likable enough ? - agree , rubs me the wrong way .. like nails on a chalkboard 
hrc supporters ask : is she likable enough ? others ask : could they dislike her more ? via 
" spine of steel . " " balls . " focus groups say clinton's up to the job . but many just don't like/trust her . 
voters laud clinton’s ‘ steel ’ but ask : is she likable enough ? 
on focus groups ' opinions on hillary : they think she's strong/tough/ready . they just don't * like * her 
clinton as a fictional character ? maleficent , wicked stepmother , tasmanian devil , " taming of the shrew , " olivia pope 
msnbc : voters laud clinton's ' steel ' but ask : is she likable enough ? 
want to read about focus group participants talking about gender without saying it ? 
feels as if there's a deep chasm between what polls say about donald trump and what focus groups say 
dtn usa : voters laud clinton's ' steel ' but ask : is she likable enough ? : in a pair of focus groups in ohio , gen ... 
scouting voters laud clinton's ' steel ' but ask : is she likable enough ? thoughts ? 
in a pair of focus groups in ohio , general election voters from across the political spectrum said that clinton ... 

boy , 7 , and parents killed in ohio home ; gunman dead - 
boy , 7 , and parents shot and killed in columbus , ohio , home ; gunman dead - 
another good guy with a gun kills his neighbors : boy , 7 , and parents shot and killed in columbus , ohio , home 
boy , 7 , and parents shot and killed in columbus , ohio , home via 
man shoots neighbors : boy , 7 , and parents killed in columbus , ohio , home via 
7-year-old boy and his parents shot and killed by a neighbor in columbus 
three killed in columbus , ohio , police-involved shooting - 
a boy and parents shot and killed in columbus , ohio , home ; gunman dead 
three killed in columbus , ohio , home invasion ; shooter dead - 
meanwhile in america : neighbor shoots and kills boy , 7 , and his parents in columbus , ohio via 
slaughter in columbus , oh yesterday 
boy , 7 , and parents are dead since shooting in columbus , ohio , home . via 
boy , 7 & his parents shot & killed in home , gunman dead ! 
three killed in ohio home invasion ; shooter dead 
three killed in ohio home invasion ; gunman critical 
seo website builder boy , 7 , and p ... 
web dsign 
★ buy twt followers ★ } boy , 7 , and parents shot and killed in columbus , ohio ,... { ☀☀☀ 
police id victims in killings as 7-year-old boy and parents . gunman also dead . 
rt three killed in columbus , ohio , officer-involved shooting . police confirm . 
three killed in columbus , ohio , home invasion via 

one cleared , 2 more questioned in shooting near black lives matter protest 
two more questioned in shooting near black lives matter protest 
can we exchange the shooters for refugees ? the killers can go to syria armed and fire away at numerous targets 
one man taken into custody was cleared and released while two others turned themselves in . five people suffered injuries in the shooting . 

obama doubles down on isis strategy after 

germany-netherlands canceled , stadium evacuated : 
rt german police say there were " concrete plans to cause an explosion " at hannover's stadium , which has been evacuated : https :/ … 
just seen it in german tv , very touching . soccer play netherland-germany cancelled 
rt germany-netherlands canceled , stadium evacuated 

rugby's first global superstar dies at 40 
rugby's first global superstar dies aged 40 
icymi : rugby's first global superstar jonah lomu dies at 40 
rugby's first global superstar jonah lomu dies at 40 via 
an imposing mountain of a man with speed to burn , lomu burst on to the international stage … 
update : rugby’s first global superstar dies at 40 
an imposing mountain of a man with speed to burn , lomu burst on to the international stage at the 1995 world cup ... 
rt imwhitneyblack : jonah lomu : rugby's firs ... | … 
rugby's first global superstar dies aged 40 : an imposing mountain of a man with speed to burn , lomu burst on t ... 
rugby’s first global superstar dies aged 40 
rugby's first global superstar jonah lomu dies aged 40 
global rugby superstar and new zealand hero jonah lomu has died at age 40 . ( 
web dsign jonah lomu : rugby's first gl ... 

dr’s are encouraging women to do more 
rt dr’s are encouraging women to do more 
get some exercise , doctors tell pregnant women 
get moving , doctors tell pregnant women . docs say pregnancy is the ideal time to exercise and stay healthy . 
get some doctors tell women 
for our non bed rest mommies , what is your go-to exercise during pregnancy ? 
" running , jogging , pilates and yoga are all fine , the the american congress of obstetricians and gynecologists ... 
pregnant women should get up and exercise , say physicians : ( via 
not sure how to start ? give us a call and speak to megan bowden 
pro tip : don't ever tell a pregnant woman what to do . 
my patients ... 
being newly pregnant , everyone tells me to eat for 2 , relax , and take it easy . a new study says that's not the case . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! get some exercise , doctors tell pregnant w … 
pregnant ? get up off the couch and exercise , doctors say .... 
rt doctors urge women to get active : 

rt two charged with murdering indiana pastor's pregnant wife 
hate crime : activists murder white pastor's wife 
dna and a pink sweater : how the cops cracked the amanda blackburn murder case . 
two charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife 
so much worry from terrorism , it crazy how frightening and overwhelming this home-invasion death is . 
read the fourth paragraph 
media are showing identities of accused killers . 
dna and a pink sweater : how the cops cracked the amanda blackburn murder case . … 
" though everything inside of me wants to hate , be angry , and slip into despair i choose the route of forgiveness ,... 
teen charged with murdering pastor's wife amanda blackburn 
two young men were charged monday in the murder of an indianapolis pastor's pregnant wife during a home invasion 
rt lol this scum should die like you 
charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife via 
two charged with murdering pastors pregnant wife via where is out rage from obama and his husband michelle 
where will the protests be held for this ...??? i guess infant lives and pregnant mothers lives don't matter either 
rt here is the dynamic duo ... mug shots 
update : suspects , ages 18 and 21 , charged in murder of indianapolis pastor's pregnant wife 
two charged with murdering pastor's wife amanda blackburn 
how about the 28 year white pregnant woman that got shot in the head ? 
aka charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife : 
teen charged with murdering pastor\'s pregnant wife 

consumer prices edged higher in october 
consumer prices edged higher in october , giving fed food for thought - 
consumer prices edged higher in october ( msnbc ) ( 1446 gmt ) 
consumer prices edged higher in october ( msnbc ) ( 1216 gmt ) 
rt consumer prices edged higher in october , giving fed food for thought via 
consumer prices edged higher in october ( msnbc ) ( 0949 gmt ) 
msnbc : consumer prices edged higher in october 
msnbc the costs of food , gasoline , shelter and medical care rose last month , yet inflation co ... 

family searching for missing american whose passport was scanned in paris via 
family searching 4 missing american whose passport was scanned in paris via 

dress worn by judy garland in ' wizard of oz ' has sold for $ 1,560,000 at auction 
judy garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress fetches $1.5 million at auction 
judy garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress fetches $1.5 million at auction via 
becky you missed it ! 
a cool 1.5 million .......... 
dress worn by judy garland in ' the wizard of oz ' has sold for $ 1,560,000 at auction . 
garland\'s \'wizard of oz\' dress goes for . 5 million 
whoa , dorothy - that's a lot of emeralds ! the wizard of oz 
iconic .... judy garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress fetches $1.5 million at auction 
okay . who was it ? who got me this dress ? i need to know if i'm to write an appropriate " thank you " card 
thats just ridiculous !! 
garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress goes for $1.5 million 
garland’s ‘ wizard of oz ’ dress goes for $1.5 million 
a dress worn by judy garland in the 1939 movie “ the wizard of oz ” sold for $1.56 million at an auction in new ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress goes for $1 … 
a dress worn by judy garland in the 1939 movie " the wizard of oz " sold for $1.56 million at an auction in new ... 

' star wars ' marketing campaign is out in full force 
rajmcj203 : rt nbcnews : ' star wars ' marketing campaign is out in full force 

french cops target terror suspects in raid ; 1 dead , 5 arrested 
rt nbcnews " french cops target terror suspects in raid ; 1 dead , 5 arrested " 
rt nbcnews : french cops target terror suspects in raid ; 1 dead , 5 … 
jumpman , jumpman them boys up to somethin rt french target terror suspects in raid ; 1 dead , 5 arrested 

frat brothers brighten hospital room for girl fighting cancer 
not even chiliheads 
ucla frat brothers bring smiles to girl fighting cancer 
lexi brown , a 12-year-old with cancer in her lungs , has inspired thousands . now some unlikely people are helping ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ucla frat brothers bring smiles to girl fi … 
love this ! go frat brothers brighten hospital room for girl fighting cancer 
my niece , who is fighting cancer , has now made the national news ! 
thanks for sharing that brothers can do some good ! 
" frat brothers brighten lexi brown's hospital room , little girl fighting cancer " 

college shuts down as fbi joins hunt for missing student via 
must be nice rt college shuts down as fbi joins hunt for missing student 

" and family demand $15 million from the taxpayers 
family of clock-making teen ahmed mohamed demand public apologies and $15m in compensation . 
irving police ( home of kimberly-clark ) knew clock wasn't bomb , arrested anyway , told to pay $15m . 
the dallas mayor would give it to him : muslim teen's family demands $15 million over clock incident via 
if the payment isn't made with within 60 days , the letter says , a civil suit will be filed . 
muslim teen's family demands $15 million over clock incident | nbc 5 dallas-fort worth 
texas clock teen demands $15 million for ' hoax bomb ' arrest 
i think americans would like to give this kid 15,000,000 of something ... but i assure you it isn't dollars . 
texas clock teen demands $15 million for ' hoax bomb ' arrest ( msnbc ) ( 2232 gmt ) 
texas clock teen demands 5 million for \'hoax bomb\' arrest 
muslim teen's family wants $15 million over clock case via ridiculous . if they win , give it to muslim fund 
rt texas clock teen demands $15 million for ' hoax bomb ' arrest : if payment isn't made to ahmed mohamed's family w ... https : … 
if payment isn't made to ahmed mohamed's family with within 60 days , a civil suit will be filed against irving ,... 
if payment isn't made to ahmed mohamed's family with within 60 days , a civil suit will be … 
you gotta be kidding ... not right . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! texas clock teen demands $15 million for ' … 
are you okay with this ? better be from your pocket and not taxpayers 
muslim teen's family demands $15m over clock incident 
so many layers of teen's family demands $15 million | nbc 5 dallas-fort worth via 
this is absolutely disgusting !!! 
and another story ruined by greed . -- muslim teen's family demands $15 million over clock incident | via 
muslim teen's family demands $15m over clock incident . yeah , go pound sand !!!! 
15 million really . smdh 
ahmed mohamed's family demands $15 million over clock incident | via 
rt muslim teen's family demands $15m over clock incident 

secret service accessed rep. jason chaffetz's personal info 60 times 

questions and answers about jared fogle's sentencing 
fogle wants 5 ? yup start singing $5 , $5 , $5 foot longs , 
questions and answers about ex-subway pitchman jared fogle's sentencing 
5 to 12 years ... but the victims carry a life sentence of dealing with the emotional and mental aftermath . where ... 
questions and answers about ex-subway pitchman sentencing via 
fyi , jared fogle is due to learn his prison sentence today in indianapolis . - ricky a . 
wow sentencing coming 2day ! i don't get y this happened so quickly & others take 4ever ?! 
will be sentenced in a few hours on child porn charges . he's paying 100k to each of his 14 victims . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! questions and answers about jared fogle's … 
questions and answers about jared fogle’s sentencing 
here are some of the issues the judge will consider during thursday’s hearing in federal court in indianapolis .... 

rt " bush calls for american troops on the ground in the middle east " 
rt jeb bush proposes additional force , ground troops to defeat isis " once more unto the breach " ,… 
jeb bush proposes additional force , ground troops to defeat isis " once more unto the breach " , you suckers ! 
rt bush proposes ground troops to defeat isis : republican presidential candidate jeb ... vi … 

rock solid : ted cruz makes his move in iowa fair flat tax plan & national security . constitutional brilliance first 
ted cruz at 23% support in iowa ! 
more lies from " liberal lamestream media " that you can ignore , 
first read : ted cruz makes his move in iowa - 
rt first read : ted cruz makes his move in iowa 
i think it's adorable that thinks there will be a " thanksgiving pause in the 2016 presidential race . " 
in new iowa poll , ted cruz is making his move in challenge to donald trump and ben carson . 
vist- read : ted cruz makes his move in iowa - 
meetthepress : from nbcfirstread : makes his move in a new iowa 
from makes his move in a new iowa 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day's… 
rt ted cruz is making his move in iowa -- via 
new indicate where things stand in gop race abt 2 mos out from ia & nh 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day's most important ... 

researchers create tiny ' submarine ' from single molecule 

eiffel tower closed again over workers ' security fears 
" the main subject of the talks are security measures , " a spokeswoman told nbc news .... 
eiffel tower closed again over workers ’ security fears 
“ the main subject of the talks are security measures , ” a spokeswoman told nbc news . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! eiffel tower closed again over workers ' se … 

say no new threat | nbc new york vía 
new isis video shows nyc , officials say no new threat 
isis video shows nyc footage , officials say no new threat 
isis video shows nyc footage , officials say no new threat ( msnbc ) ( 2038 gmt ) 
isis propaganda video shows shots of times square ; officials say no new threat | nbc new york via 
new islamic state propaganda video shows shots of times square ; officials say no new threat | nbc new york 
new islamic state propaganda video shows shots of times square ; officials say no new threat | nbc ny vía 
new isis video shows times square , officials say no new threat 
just in : new isis propaganda video shows images of times square , but officials say threat isn't new 

u.s. catholic bishops condemn growth of ' corrosive ' pornography reports 
wrong issue " u.s. catholic bishops condemn ' corrosive ' pornography reports ” 
rt nbcnews " u.s. catholic bishops condemn growth of ' corrosive ' pornography alastairjam r … " 
u.s. catholic bishops condemn growth of ' corrosive ' pornography alastairjam reports 
nbcnews : u.s. catholic bishops condemn growth of ' corrosive ' pornography alastairjam repo … 

where does isis get its money ? via 
where does isis get its money ? via nbcnewsvideo 

boko haram blast at truck stop kills 32 , wounds dozens in nigeria 

1 dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers : 
one dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers 
" widows and orphans " 
heavy gunfire was reported for several hours beginning around 4:30 a.m. local time ( 10:30 p … 
paris attacks : 1 dead , 7 arrested during saint-denis raid . 
heavy gunfire was reported for several hours beginning around 4:30 a.m. local time ( 10:30 p.m. et tuesday ) in the ... 

astronomers observe birth of an alien planet for first time 

amazon pulls nazi-themed ads for tv show from nyc subway 
amazon pulls nazi-themed ads from nyc subway 
not a headline you expect at thanksgiving ... 
amazon pulls nazi-themed ads for tv show from nyc subway ( msnbc ) ( 1723 gmt ) 
we officially live in a world void of imagination + logic : amazon pulls nazi-themed ads for tv show from nyc subway 
the advertisements for “ the man in the high castle ” completely wrapped the seats , walls and ceilings of one train . 
the advertisements for " the man in the high castle " completely wrapped the seats , walls and … 
amazon pulls nazi-themed ads for tv show from nyc subway : the advertisements for " the man in the hi ... 
the advertisements for " the man in the high castle " completely wrapped the seats , walls and ceilings of one ... 
when marketing goes too far 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! amazon pulls nazi-themed ads for tv show f … 

facebook suspends account of woman named isis 
facebook suspends account of woman named isis via 

the sorcerer's apprentice : trump says he can predict terrorism via ' feel ' - 
donald trump thinks he's mother fucking nostradamus . says he can predict terrorism via ' feel ' via 
seo website builder the sorcerer ' ... 
trump says he can predict terrorism via ‘ feel ’ 
the gop front-runner reiterated past claims about his supposed vision tuesday by talking about his alleged ... 
web dsign the sorcerer's apprentice : t ... 
trump claims he predicted terrorism because " i can feel it . " 

state department issues worldwide travel alert : 
citing terror threats , state dept issues worldwide travel alert - 
the us state department on monday issued a worldwide alert for citizens . the alert expires feb . 24 
i guess has no enemies 
worldwide travel alert issued by the over possible risk of travel due to increased terrorism threats . >>> 
citing threats , state department issues worldwide alert via 
be careful everyone . citing terror threats , state department issues worldwide travel alert : 
🇺🇸 issues worldwide 🌎🌍🌏 travel alert ✈️ via nbcnews 
rt state department issues worldwide travel alert : 
citing terror threats , issues worldwide 
as isis sucks us into more war , the best " victory " we can ever hope to get is a pyrrhic victory . 
awesome <_< and i get to fly through france tomorrow 

video : resident says police targets were in his apartment 

tech industry not budging as officials push anti-encryption after paris attacks 

why republican governors have fizzled in the 2016 presidential race 

gallup : girls less confident about computer science 
sexism within the workplace is seemingly increasing by the generation . 
new poll from shows girls less confident about abilities than boys 
still work to be done in u.s. girls ' education ; especially in regards to stem fields . 
msnbc both students and teachers believe boys are more interested and capable than girls when ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! gallup : girls less confident about compute … 
both students and teachers believe boys are more interested and capable than girls when it comes to learning ... 

gets 4 years in prison for torching cvs during 
man gets 4 years in prison for torching cvs during unrest 
man who set fire to baltimore cvs gets 4 years in prison 
well bye ! i think he should get a lot more years than that . 
man gets 4 years for torching cvs during baltimore unrest 
man gets 4 years for torching cvs during unrest 
raymon carter , 24 , set fire to a store ( cvs ) in baltimore this year ; he was sentenced to only 4 years . . . 

rt publishes photo of purported russian jet bomb has more 1pe http … 
learn more about the photo the terror group says shows russian jet bomb . 
is this the bomb that took down a russian jet ? 
metrojet crash : publishes photo of purported russian jet bomb 
isis publishes photo of purported russian jet bomb 
update : isis publishes photo of purported russian jet bomb 
metrojet crash : isis claims photo of jet bomb in dabiq magazine 
publishes of purported 
rt isis claims photo of jet bomb in propaganda magazine 
rt russian passenger plane was brought down by an ied in a soda can , isis says 
metrojet crash : isis publishes photo of suspected russian jet bomb . via 
extremely easy to bring down a plane now . more of this will probably happen in coming days . keep you eyes open . 
metrojet crash : publishes photo of purported jet bomb via 
russian passenger plane was brought down by an ied in a soda can , isis claims - via nbcnews 
what happened to and for ? 
have you seen this yet ? 
new : isis publishes purported photo of bomb that brought down russian jet » ( via 
" if they used a reliable military-grade explosive ... a very good quality military explosive with a fast detonating … 
rt isis publishes purported photo of bomb that brought down russian jet » ( via 
crash : publishes photo of purported bomb 

isis won't intimidate germany , spy chief says after soccer scare 
wont intimidate spy chief says after scare 
nbcnews : isis won't intimidate germany , spy chief says after soccer scare 

' anonymous , ' fellow hackers battle islamic state in cyberspace - 
raises some very interesting ethical questions for sure ! 
' anonymous ' hackers battle isis in cyberspace 
my heroes !!! 
" anonymous " and other hackers are battling isis in cyberspace 
fellow hackers battle islamic state in cyberspace - nbc news 
yes anonymous ! 
. & fellow hackers wage cyber-warfare against isis : 
what do you think of cyber vigilantes ? 
gotta love they do everything in style , even the cyber war against 
islamic state sympathizers using social media to spread propaganda and recruit fighters are … 
' anonymous , ' battles islamic - i wish anonymous ran for congress instead of the crooked shitheads we've got : 

cdc sees ' alarming ' increase in sexually transmitted diseases 

. dad takes center stage in new ad 
rt marco rubio's dad takes center stage in new ad 
marco rubio is spending $20m in the early states telling us about his bartender dad . that's his dad's bio , not his . 
rt news : gets ready to roll out first early-state b'cast ad . exclusive first look on / htt … 
oh look , a refugee ? how did he get inhere ? 
rt exclusive first look : 1st early-state ad , to begin airing in on thurs . … 
rt . dad takes center stage in new ad 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! marco rubio's dad takes center stage in ne … 
todayshow : rt halliejackson : news : marcorubio gets ready to roll out first early-state b'cast ad . exclusive first … 
rt halliejackson : news : marcorubio gets ready to roll out first early-state b'… 
the spot is the first in a $20 million ad buy that begins thursday and extends through … 
the spot is the first in a $20 million ad buy that begins thursday and extends through february in iowa , new ... 
rubio is going up with a biographical tv ad in iowa on thurs . first of a $20m buy in the four early-voting states 
rt . gets rubio’s first early state ad buy 

charlie sheen says his hiv is ' undetectable , ' but can he infect others ? 
charlie sheen says his hiv is ' undetectable , ' but can he infect others ? - nbc news 
says his is ' undetectable , ' but can he infect others ? via 
charlie sheen's ' undetectable ' hiv : can he infect others ? - 
charlie sheen's hiv : can he infect others ? 
is undetectable hiv , the one the cia invented ? 
quoted from a friend's post : " fact : in all of the studies up to this point , there has been not 1 , that's right ,... 
sheen told nbc's matt lauer that it's " impossible " he could have infected anybody else . but … 

honda models top priority list for repairs in massive takata air bag recall 

find out why workmen are digging hole in vatican wall 
find out why workmen are digging a hole in a vatican wall 
preparations are underway at the vatican for the jubilee of mercy , which starts in early … 
preparations are underway at the vatican for the jubilee of mercy , which starts in early december . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! find out why workmen are digging hole in v … 

death row inmate who asked for beer as his last meal will likely get fruit punch instead 
death row inmate who asked for beer as his last meal will likely get fruit punch ins … 

drone task force makes recommendations for national registry 
drone task force makes recommendations for national registry via 
on more info 
drone task force makes recs for national registry 
faa's earl lawrence says formulation of recommendations by 25-member drone task force ' was truly g ... 
faa's earl lawrence says formulation of recommendations by 25-member drone … 

. ends 2016 presidential campaign reports 
. bobbyjindal ends 2016 presidential campaign andrewnbcnews reports 

black friday brief : what you need to know before buying a new tv 
everything you need to know before buying a new tv 
read this guide before you head out to buy a new on 
dtn usa : everything you need to know before buying a new tv : buying a tv is no longer just choosing how big a ... 
msnbc buying a tv is no longer just choosing how big a screen you want . here's a rundown of t ... 
buying a tv is no longer just choosing how big a screen you want . here's a rundown of the latest features and ... 
buying a tv is no longer just choosing how big a screen you want . here's a rundown of the … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! everything you need to know before buying … 

feds seize hundreds of not-so-hot tamales in traveler's luggage 
rt nbcnews " feds seize hundreds of not-so-hot tamales in traveler's luggage " 

paris attacks : 2 dead , 7 arrested during saint-denis raid - 
is trending : 
one dead , 5 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers 
an amazing account -- must read : paris attacks : at least 1 dead , 5 arrested during saint-denis raid - nbc news 
rt atlanta's homeless choir will sing at the white house ! is awesome . 
paris attacks : 1 dead , 5 arrested during saint-denis raid - nbc news 
breaking -- latest on raid of suspected terrorists in 
from the we're tracking an hours long stand-off right outside paris . several suspected ... 
a woman kills herself w a suicide vest in an early morning raid north of 
several explosions could be heard around 7:30 a.m. local time , about three hours into the operation . heavy ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! one dead , 5 arrested during raid targeting … 
several explosions could be heard around 7:30 a.m. local time , about three hours into the … 
paris attacks : 1 dead , 5 arrested during saint-denis raid . " woman detonated her suicide vest " 
update : one dead , five others arrested in early morning raid north of paris . 

rt how to be an amazing father : 
rt " they've got guns but we have flowers . " watch a father's heartwarming talk with his young son about … 
rt he's such a good father 
rt how to be an great father : 
rt this father-son convo deserves endless rt's 

here's how to tell if you have a crummy 401(k ) plan 
rt nbcnews " here's how to tell if you have a crummy 401(k ) plan " 

french police ask for help identifying suicide bomber 

trial dates set for journalist in possession of bulletproof vest , helmet in ... - 
trial dates set for anthony kwan , journo facing up to 5 years for carrying bulletproof vest , helmet in thailand 
pathetic royal oppression ! if i'd set foot on this evil , violent turf , i'd wear a knight's armour , not just a vest 
govt . where is your common sense ? trial dates set for journalist in possession of bulletproof vest . 
trial dates set for journalist in possession of bulletproof vest , helmet in via 
trial dates set for journalist in possession of bulletproof vest in via 
trial dates set for journalist in case on possession of bulletproof vest , helmet in 

streisand , spielberg and mays among 2015 presidential medal of freedom honorees 

dell acknowledges security hole in recently shipped laptops - 
dell acknowledges security hole in new laptops 
dell admits software in some new laptops makes it easy for hackers to access private data . 

who was killed in paris attacks — and who's still on the run 

toy gun sparks pope security alert 

two air france flights to diverted after bomb threats 

wwiii trends as putin decries turkey's ' stab in the back ' 
' world war iii' ???... 
putin decries turkey's ' stab in the back ' | msnbc 
rt ' world war iii ' trends online ... 
trends on twitter as putin decries turkey's ' stab in the back ' 
its coming ' world war iii ' trends online ... 
goes through the diplomatic motions before going medieval on 
putin's military likes to violate airspaces . they finally got burned : 
rt trending as putin is outraged over turkey's ' stab in the back ' 
trends as putin decries in the back ' via & now join fight against 
rt ' iii ' trends 
the dawn of cold war . 
" world war 3d , released december 2015 " 

" this is not my time " : gop field shrinks as louisiana gov bobby jindal ends presidential run 
adios ! " gop field shrinks as louisiana gov bobby jindal ends presidential run " 
" this is not my time " : gop field shrinks as louisiana gov bobby jindal ends presiden … 

dead or alive ? fate of key isis terrorist still unknown 
paris attacks : at least 2 dead , 7 arrested during saint-denis raid - 
terror cell thwarted in raid was ready to act again : official - 
paris attacks : at least 2 dead , 8 arrested during saint-denis raid 
nothing here : 
france has mobilized massively in light of the attacks last week . if they had republicans , there would be calls ... 
two dead , 7 - 
" nbc news could not immediately confirm a report in the washington post saying abaaoud had been killed in the raid . " 
at least 2 dead , 8 arrested during saint-denis terror raid 
is isis finished with paris after the second attack ? 
looks like we are have some more over seas contingent , work place violent , set backs in france . 
two dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting attack lynchpin 
at least 2 dead , 8 arrested during raid ! 
2 dead , 8 arrested in raid of paris terror suspects . police fired 5k rounds after resistance . police dog died . 
in case you were under a rock : at least 2 dead , 7 arrested during saint-denis raid - 
at least 2 dead , 7 arrested during saint-denis terror raid : 
terror cell was ready to act again 
cell thwarted in france raid was ready to act : official via 
update : cell thwarted in france raid was ready to act : official 
cell thwarted in france raid was ready to act : official from 
cell thwarted in france raid was ready to act : official : saint-denis , france — a woman blew herself up in a pa ... 
paris attacks : 2 dead , 7 arrested during saint-denis raid - 
update : 7 arrested , 2 terrorists dead 
i hope the french police get every one of these jihadist isis motherfuckers 
parisraid sheexplodes 
2 dead , 7 arrested during raid ! 
rt this is what happened around the corner . 
heavy gunfire was reported for several hours beginning around 4:30 a.m. local time ( 10:30 p … 

cellphone with ' let's go ' text message recovered : report 
rt nbcnews " cellphone with ' let's go ' text message recovered : report " 

sister of woman in paris terror cell speaks out 
sister of woman in paris terror cell calls her ' sad ' 
they've changed too many details in this story . journalists are after the almighty dollar not the truth . 
' she was sad in her life ' : sister of woman in paris terror cell speaks out 
continue reading 
nbc news 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! sister of woman in paris terror cell calls … 
sister of woman in paris terror cell calls her ‘ sad ’ 

what men can learn from women about saving for retirement - 
women outshine men in managing 401(k)s : study 
what men can learn from women about saving for via 
it seems women know how to work the investment system better . 
it seems women know how to work the system better . 
shares strategies broken down by gender . who does it better ? find out here : 
what men can learn from women when it comes to managing 401(k)s 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! women outshine men in managing 401(k)s : st … 
women are better than men at managing their 401(k)s , according to study that contains some good lessons for ... 
msnbc women are better than men at managing their 401(k)s , according to study that contains s ... 

love notes honor late wife 
a husband honors his late wife by handing out 100 love notes to strangers on the streets of charlotte , north ... 

two air france flights diverted after bomb threats 
paris-bound flights diverted due to bomb threats ; will this cut down tourism ? 
two air france flights to paris diverted after bomb threats 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! two air france flights diverted after bomb … 
the two planes were diverted after bomb threats were phone in , authorities said . 

to u.s. mass shooting victims , the paris attacks are sadly familiar 
“ to u.s. mass shooting victims , the paris attacks are sadly familiar ” 
rt nbcnews " to u.s. mass shooting victims , the paris attacks are sadly familiar " 

wednesday's top 7 stories at nbc news 
from a deadly raid in a paris suburb to wintry weather socking the west , here are the … 
from a deadly raid in a paris suburb to wintry weather socking the west , here are the stories we're following .... 

isis propaganda video shows nyc times square footage , but officials say no new threat 
rt nbcnews " isis propaganda video shows nyc times square footage , but officials say no new threat … " 
isis propaganda video shows nyc times square footage , but officials say no new threa … 

eagles of death metal open up about paris concert attack 

imagine the future of this ? ruined your vocal cords -- just grow some new ones !!! 
researchers figure out how to grow new vocal cords 
researchers grow new vocal cords from cells - 
could we all be opera singers one day ? scientists grow new vocal cords from a few cells . 
researchers may have found a way to regrow vocal cords from cells . 
fresh voices : researchers grow new vocal cords from cells - nbc news 
researchers grow new vocal cords from cells . ⁰ 
this is amazing !! researchers grow new vocal cords from cells via 
breakthrough : researchers grow new vocal cords from cells - via salinas valley memorial healthcare system .... 
researches grow new vocal cords . 
researchers figured out how to grow new vocal cords 
new approach to tissue engineering : researchers grow new vocal cords from cells via 
ewwww but yay , i guess ? : growing new vocal cord tissue from cells ( via nbc news ) 
a new approach to tissue engineering - vocal folds grown from cells 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! researchers figure out how to grow new voc … 
it's not an easy thing to do .... 
fresh voices : researchers grow new from cells 
nathan welham on engineered vocal cords : the voice sounds a little bit like a kazoo ... explains 

intoxicated passenger tries to open british airways plane’s exit door mid-flight : officials 
woman tries to open plane's exit door mid-flight , officials say 
. instead of freaking people out , explain why it's impossible to open a pressurized door in flight ! 
british airways passenger tried to open exit door : tsa 
inebriated woman tries to open plane's exit door mid-flight , officials say 
a passenger on british airways flight 213 , a boeing 777 , was restrained for the rest of the flight , and then ... 
local woman tries to enact sketch : 
state police : intoxicated passenger restrained after she tried to open plane door 
what is wrong with people -> woman tries to open plane's exit door mid-flight , officials say 
i've actually contemplated this on a 24 hour fligt to hong kong , have you ? 
rt woman tries to open plane's exit door mid-flight , officials say 
what the screaming incredible fuck ? 
rt woman tries to open british airways plane's exit door mid-flight , officials say - … 
woman tries to open british airways planes exit door mid-flight officials say flight from london to boston . 
a woman aboard a british airways flight from london to boston has been restrained after … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! british airways passenger tried to open ex … 
a woman aboard a british airways flight from london to boston has been restrained after trying to open the ... 

hawaii supreme court temporarily suspends construction permit ( via 
state supreme court suspends hawaii telescope permit via 
" thank god " they're not but building on ' sacred ' ground ? wait , what ? 

travel : more intense screening , longer lines and a scary global warning 
turkey day travelers face intense security 
thanksgiving travelers face intense security amid terror threat 
your turkey day travel is about to get more intense 
your thanksgiving travel is about to get more intense 
give yourself extra time for thanksgiving travel this week : 
americans trying to get out of town for thanksgiving face more intense screening , longer … 
americans trying to get out of town for thanksgiving face more intense screening , longer security lines and a ... 
thanksgiving travel this year promises to have longer lines , tougher screening , and general concerns about safety : 

last patient , a baby girl named nubia , recovers 
rt a baby girl in guinea , who was the last known ebola patient in west africa , has recovered : 
her name's nubia and she may be the ebola epidemic's last patient via 
last ebola patient , a baby girl named nubia , recovers 
baby girl named nubia may be ebola epidemic's last patient 
do you know nubia . why she's so significant : 

we won't be on the road , but this is good news for everyone who will be ! 
thanksgiving treat : gas prices are lowest in 7 years via 
traveling for thanksgiving ? gas prices are lowest in seven years - 

activates ' safety check ' for nigeria after deadly blasts 
rt nbcnews : facebook activates ' safety check ' for nigeria after deadly blasts 
facebook activates ' safety check ' for nigeria after deadly blasts … 

heavy winds leave thousands in nw us without power what's god's role in the weather ? 
winter storm socks southwest , takes aim for gulf coast 
travel chaos as winter storm socks southwest : 
travel chaos as heavy winds leave thousands without power in northwest - 
' hell of a mess ' : northwest windstorm leaves three dead 
hope everyone in wa and pnw is doing well after windstorm 
continue reading 
nbc news 
old man winter is striking with an early vengeance ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! winter storm socks southwest , takes aim fo … 

forty years after resettlement , thousands of southeast asian refugees face ... - 
go 1love movement ! 
rt 13,000 cambodian , vietnamese , and laotian americans have been served deportation orders in past 20 yrs … 
mia-lia boua kiernan : " how many times in one lifetime can you be displaced ? " 
. forty years after resettlement , thousands of face via 
of 2 mln immig deported by obama , 47% were booted cuz of traffic violations . via 
incredible 
13,000 cambodian , vietnamese , and laotian americans have been served deportation orders in past 20 yrs via 
' how many times can you be displaced ? ' 40 yrs after resettlement , thousands of se asian refugees face deportation 
40 years after resettlement , refugees fear deportation 
retweeted advancingjustice|chi ( forty years after resettlement , thousands of southeast asian ... 
forty years after resettlement in america , thousands of southeast asian refugees face deportation 
over the past two decades , more than 13,000 southeast asian refugees in the u.s. have been served deportation orders 
after 40 years of resettlement , southeast asian refugees are being deported : 
40 years after resettlement , thousands of face deportation via 
rt my first for 40 yrs after resettlement , thousands of sea refugees face deportation … 
40yrs after resettlement , thousands of sea refugees face deportation via 
more than 13,000 southeast asians have been served deportation orders — 
my first for 40 yrs after resettlement , thousands of sea refugees face deportation via 
obama's makes room for more isis 40 years after resettlement , thousands of southeast asian refugees face deportation 
" although deportation is largely seen as an issue affecting immigrants who are undocumented , legal permanent ... 

suspect in shooting of new orleans student in custody 
suspect in shooting of new orleans medical student in custody 
life w/o parole not enough . if they can't police their own , they should be subject to collective punishment . 
update : new orleans police : suspect in shooting of medical student taken into custody . 
suspect in shooting of new orleans medical student in custody - nbc news 
great work new orleans pd & us marshalls ... 
another obama son . dragged woman down street , murdered tulane student who tried to intervene . fully confesses . 
rt update : new orleans police : suspect in shooting of medical student taken into custody . … 
we should applaud the tulane student who was shot risking his in new orleans to keep a woman from being abducted 
⚜ suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run : new orleans police announced sunday that ... 
suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run ( msnbc ) ( 1340 gmt ) 
helen hey babe . how was new orleans ? charlie the president did very well . 
new orleans police announced sunday that they had made progress in the investigation by … 
rt update : suspect in shooting of medical student who helped stop attack of woman now in custody … 
they caught the 
suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run ( msnbc ) ( 1110 gmt ) 

dinosaur claws and a folding trampoline top this year's ' worst toys ' list 
rt nbcnews " dinosaur claws and a folding trampoline top this year's ' worst toys ' list " 

prompt renewed calls for tougher isis strategy 
rt nbcnews " prompt renewed calls for tougher isis strategy " 

fear and political freak out , from ebola to paris 
officer who accused crooked cop of harassment breaks silence nbc news " he took my career , " said denise duebner .... 
what do the paris attacks have in common with ebola ? 
first read : fear and political freak out , from ebola to paris - 
first read : fear and political freak out , from ebola to paris via 
from ebola to paris : fear and the political freak out via 
" instead of being comforter-in-chief , obama blasts his political critics " first read via 
what do the paris attacks and the ebola crisis have in common ? 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day's… 
gop/trump bully talk- piss pants scared bash obama but rallied culprit bush or u traitor fear freakout via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! what do the paris attacks have in common w … 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day's most important ... 
meetthepress : from ebola to paris : fear and the political freak out via nbcfirstread 
fear and political freak out , from ebola to paris : first read is a morning briefi ... via . 
is obama prioritizing defending his presidential legacy ? important read per 
rt msnbc : fear and political freak out , from ebola to paris 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day’s most important ... 
our take on obama's very defensive presser : instead of being comforter-in-chief , he blasted his political critics 

after 16 years in prison , dna clears convict of sex crimes - nbc southern california 
after 16 years prison , dna clears convict of sex crimes 
dna clears california man after 16 years in prison 
after 16 years in prison , dna clears convict of sex crimes woah , big fuck up . this is so wrong 
congrats to the california innocence project for exonerating luis vargas of 3 rapes after 16 years , based on dna ... 
after 16 years of a crime he didn't commit , luis vargas is finally free ! 
after 16 years in prison dna clears convict's sex crimes | nbc southern california via 
todayshow : dna clears california man after 16 years in prison : 
dna has freed a california man after 16 years in prison for sexual assaults he didn't commit … 
dna has freed a california man after 16 years in prison for sexual assaults he didn't commit . authorities now ... 

update : 7 arrested after earlier morning anti-terror raid in 
: 7 arrested after earlier morning in 
nbcnews : update : 7 arrested after earlier morning anti-terror raid in 

oh , we've just got tons of integrity all around this story ! hahaha ! lord ... 
carson now says he didn\'t see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 
flip flopper ? 
rare candidate not radicalizing news now says he didn't see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 
yup , wrote about it yesterday evening ! 
mr. trump's applause lies continue while carson recants nj cheering muslims comment ; 
now says he didn't 👀 cheer 9/11 . said worse of & naive 2think some didn't . 
rt like trump , carson says he saw video of us muslims cheering 9/11 - nbcnews . comlike trum ... … 
i'm ready to propose a new dsm diagnosis : republican hallucinatory disorder ( rhd ) . rhs causes severe ... 
this guy walks back almost everything he says-except almost killing a friend and going after mother with a hammer ... 
i am getting fed up with these republican fools and the time and energy it costs to continually refute their ... 
update : carson now says he didn’t see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 
carson now says he didn't see us muslims cheer 9/11 - 
" carson does not stand by his statements . hearing & thinking something differently!' 

see photos from this morning's raid in saint-denis , france , near paris via 
see photos from this morning's raid in saint-denis , france , near paris … 

man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment ( msnbc ) ( 1838 gmt ) 
man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment via 
a loser killed this deputy because he was in law enforcement , no other reason ....... 
man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment : man accused of killing a houston sheriff's deputy in ... 
accused killer targeted texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment - 
man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment ( msnbc ) ( 1510 gmt ) 

wednesday : today's top seven news stories 

astronomers observe birth of an alien planet for first time 
astronomers observe birth of an alien planet for first time via nbcnews . this is so cool 
astronomers observe birth of planet for very first time ! 
rt why aren't we making a bigger deal of this ? astronomers observe birth of an alien planet for first time … 
birth of a planet ... 
astronomers would not have been able to view birth of planet without math ! 
far out : astronomers observe birth of an alien planet 
scientists have photographed a gas-giant exoplanet forming around a young star that lies about 450 light-years ... 
brand new planet . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! far out : astronomers observe birth of an a … 
we can see this planet is forming on it's own . without assistance from god . just accretion . 

maryland college closes , pennsylvania high school on alert as search continues ... 
chances r that he hurt himself - md college closes , pennsylvania high school on alert via 
college shuts down as fbi joins hunt for missing student 
college closes , pennsylvania high school on alert as fbi joins search for missing student via 
md college closes , pa high school on alert as fbi joins search for missing student 
college shuts down as fbi joins hunt for missing student ( msnbc ) ( 0849 gmt ) 
suicide bombing blamed on boko haram extremists kills 32 in northeastern nigeria 
maryland college closes , fbi joins search for missing student 
a college prank may be at the root of a search for missing pennsylvania college student … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! college shuts down as fbi joins hunt for m … 
maryland college closes , pennsylvania high school on alert as fbi joins search for missing student 
a college prank may be at the root of a search for missing pennsylvania college student jacob marberger — raising ... 
msnbc : 2 schools on alert , missing student seen at wal-mart ... 
maryland college closes , pennsylvania high school-alert as fbi joins search for missing student-nbc 10 philadelphia 
md college closes , pa high school on alert as fbi joins search 4 missing student poor jacob ! 
pennsylvania news maryland college closes , pennsylvania high school on alert as fbi joins searc ... latest pa news 
high school & college on alert , student still missing 
this context very much changes my assessment of the situation . i pray for a safe return . via 
pennsylvania news maryland college closes , pennsylvania high school on alert as search continue ... latest pa news 
supposedly his car was found on rt 301 
school on alert , ex-student missing , 

angie's list rejects $512 million takeover offer from iac 

anticipating assault , isis fortifies defenses in stronghold of 

snowboarders challenge utah ski resort's ban 
rt nbcnews " snowboarders challenge utah ski resort's ban " 

hollande to press obama for more in fight against isis 
news that is not news . all pr . 
france wants u.s. to ' bring the fight to the terrorists ' 
paris attacks : obama , hollande to meet to discuss war on isis - 
u.s. to ' the to the - 
wants to ' bring the fight to the but is a pussy about it 
attacks : to meet to discuss war on - : 
msnbc : france wants u.s. to ' bring fight to the terrorists ' 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! france wants u.s. to ' bring the fight to t … 
wants to ' bring the fight to the terrorists ' : via 
update : france wants u.s. to ‘ bring the fight to the terrorists ’ 
scouting france wants u.s. to ' bring fight to the terrorists ' thoughts ? 
dtn usa : france wants u.s. to ' bring fight to the terrorists ' : president barack obama and french president fra ... 
france wants u.s. to ‘ bring fight to the terrorists ’ 

isis won't intimidate germany , spy chief says after soccer scare reports 
isis won't intimidate germany , spy chief says after soccer scare alexsmithnbc reports 
isis won't intimidate germany , spy chief says after soccer scare alexsmithnbc repor … 
nbcnews : isis won't intimidate germany , spy chief says after soccer scare alexsmithnbc re … 
rt nbcnews " isis won't intimidate germany , spy chief says after soccer scare alexsmithnbc … " 

police hunting for second fugitive involved in 

' doo doo ' and his clown car rescues 2 women : " doo doo " the clown leaps into action after seeing an attacker ru ... 
umm , hello ? doo-doo and a clown car to the rescue ! 
dtn usa : ' doo doo ' and his clown car rescues 2 women : " doo doo " the clown leaps into action after seeing an at ... 
' doo doo ' the clown and his clown car rescue two women from attacker 
' doo doo ' and his clown car rescues 2 women - nbc news 
" doo doo " the clown leaps into action after seeing an attacker run towards two women , on the streets of toronto , canada . ctv's scott lightfoot reports this clown was lucky to be in the right place , at the right time with his car , which provided a quick refuge for the women from their would-be attacker . 

consumer alert : use of credit card " skimmers " at gas stations and atms is exploding 
with card skimming at gas stations on the rise , the shift for auto fuel dispensers can’t get here fast enough . 
use of credit card ' skimmers ' at gas stations , atms is exploding - 
use of credit card at gas stations , atms is exploding 
i’m working w/ & 2 help protect fl spike in credit skimmers at gas stations 
has the risk of " pay at the pump " finally exceeded the convenience ? 
keep an eye on your statements ! we hear it happening often with our clients and even some of our staff .... 
is on the rise ! 1 . use low limit cc just for gas & ... 
stay alert to anything you stick a credit/debit card in , especially this holiday travel-shop season . 
use of skimmers at gas stations exploding when will the us require chip and pin ? 
use of credit card ' skimmers ' is exploding 
this is an issue . check your bank and credit card accounts regularly . 
from nbc nightly news last night on credit card skimmers in michigan . 
⚠️use of credit card ' skimmers ' is exploding⚠️ 
call to calendar your free credit report review today . 
pay with cash , or pay inside the station 
skimmers are being used to steal your credit card information . this easy to come by technology allows brazen ... 
the use of credit card " skimmers , " tiny devices inserted into a gas pump or atm , by identity thieves is ... 
inspectors are now coming across multiple credit card skimmers a week - not just in large cities , but small towns . 

ready to do some serious holiday shopping ? will offer holiday deals every 5 minutes ! 
amazon to offer holiday deals every 5 minutes 
amazon to pick up holiday pace , offer special deals every 5 minutes - 
to offer special deals every 5 minutes for 
msnbc amazon will offer new holiday deals as often as every five minutes starting friday and ... 
says it will offer a new holiday special every 5 minutes starting friday 

rt risk of terrorists among migrants low in us , high in europe , intel officials tell … 
nbcnightlynews : rt nbcnews : risk of terrorists among migrants low in us , high in europe , intel officials tell rwin … 
risk of terrorists among migrants low in us , high in europe , intel officials tell rwindrem 
risk of terrorists among migrants low in us , high in europe , intel officials tell rw … 

refugee debate a flashpoint in louisiana governor's race 
syrian refugees a flashpoint in louisiana gov’s race 
the controversial political debate on whether to accept syrian refugees in the united states is now playing out ... 

rt kasich proposes new government agency to promote judeo-christian values 
rt coming frm the pol who surrendered on homo'l " marriage " : kasich proposes new govt agency to promote jud-chr'n values ht … 
rt but he's a " moderate , " remember . proposes new government agency to promote judeo-christian values … 
at least kasich isn't bashing immigrants , but still gives the impression of cultural religious warfare 
rt the u.s. already has a taxpayer-funded broadcast system : voice of america . duplication is a trait of big government https :/ … 
kasich proposes new government agency to promote judeo-christian values via 
congrats gop , you officially have no reasonable candidates running this cycle . when you elevate chris christie to ... 
... i repeat , none of them . all of them have gone fascist to snag voters . the pool is poison . 
new to via 
the gop has taken to blatantly contradicting this country and itself . no logic used , only close-minded beliefs . 
kasich wants new govt agency to promote judeo-christian values . so much for him being the ' reasonable ' one . 
theocracy here we come ! 😡 kasich proposes new government agency to promote judeo-christian values - nbc news 
what does this idiot not understand about separation of church and state ??? 
are you kidding me ? department to push judeo-christian values ? 
2 thing here . 1 . this is asinine and probably unconstitutional 2 . russia is already christian , just a different type 
rt crusades much ? john kasich proposed a government agency for promoting " judeo-christian " values around the world . https://… 
rt remember when kasich was the moderate , sensible one ? 
wants a new govt agcy to promote judeo-christian values . historical reminder : 
john kasich would create a new us govt . agency to " beam messages to the world about the freedoms americans enjoy " . 

kerry arrives in israel for talks w/ netanyahu , abbas - i thank 4 speaking out against terror in israel 
kerry arrives in israel for talks with netanyahu , abbas 
kerry arrives in israel to ' calm things down a little ' 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! kerry arrives in israel to ' calm things do … 
a rash of deadly attacks have dampened any lingering hopes of renewed peace negotiations … 
kerry arrives in israel to ‘ calm things down a little ’ 
a rash of deadly attacks have dampened any lingering hopes of renewed peace negotiations between israel and the ... 

ted cruz to obama : say it to my face : 
rt ted cruz to obama💬 👉🏼 " say it to my face " 💥boom💥👍🏼 https : … 
rt call you out 
ted cruz to obama : ' insult me to my face ' 
rt ted cruz to obama : say it 2 my face via call out the bully ! ur response 
i would love to insult you to your face ted 
i second request that insult him to his face . in fact i'd like to as well . 
is this challenging the prez to a fight ? to obama : say it to my face 
ted cruz bitch slaps potus . 
rt poor turd cruz is butthurt because he's been called out for his idiocy . cruz to obama : say it to my face … 
watch challenge obama . 
rt i find this hilarious specifically because i think * anyone * would jump at the chance to insult ted cruz to his face … 
where's yer face ya lying 1%-owned chicken-shit hypocrite who thinks he's still a high school bully . 
holy shit man ted cruz getting all " sup brah ? say that shit to my face brah ! " i guess they gotta try and ... 
and oh yeah--you'll never be to obama : say it to my face via 
and .... what said about you is true ! to obama : say it to my face via 
wahh whahh you bully . you insult all the time ! to obama : say it to my face via 
amazed by the left , cruz stands up to obama's nonsense and all they say " is this a schoolyard " 
effectively tells obama " bitch , come say that to my face ! " 
america needs luther now more than ever . please ? 
" dare you say that to my face !!! " that age-old come back of insolent 5th graders , invoked by gop presidential ... 
this makes me want to insult ted cruz to his face , but he'll likely stay far away from philly since he's a weakling . 
ted cruz went full alex riley . 
ted cruz don't want none . president obama isn't up for reelection and has no fucks to give . 
answer ? " i know some minor candidates would be thrilled to seem relevant . next question . " 
when , ’ you ain’t gon say it to my face ’ becomes a political tactic . 
i'm pretty sure could beat the shit out of 
ted cruz to obama via nbcnews 

prompt renewed calls for tougher isis strategy reports 
rt nbcnews " prompt renewed calls for tougher isis strategy jonschuppe repor … " 
prompt renewed calls for tougher isis strategy jonschuppe reports 

watch french police sweep down st. -denis streets with guns drawn 
french police sweep down st. -denis streets with guns drawn via 
watch cops sweep paris streets in anti-terror operation 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! watch cops sweep paris streets in anti-ter … 
the anti-terror operation in the northern suburb of paris spilled onto the surrounding … 
french cops sweep paris streets in anti-terror operation 
the anti-terror operation in the northern suburb of paris spilled onto the surrounding streets with armed police ... 

feds announce ' sweeping ' actions against supplement makers , including arrests 

man on house guests : ' i didn't know they were terrorists . ' latest : 
saintdenis man on house guests : ' i didn't know they were terrorists . ' 
rt man on house guests : ' i didn't know they were terrorists . ' latest : … … 
rt nbcnews " man on house guests : ' i didn't know they were terrorists . ' latest : … " 
rt rt nbcnews " man on house guests : ' i didn't know they were terrorists . ' latest : … " 

video of laquan mcdonald's killing released as chicago braces for protests : 
video shows chicago cop fatally shooting teen laquan mcdonald 
hundreds protesting in streets of chicago following release of video showing officer shooting teen 16 times . 
video of murder-by-cop released as chicago simmers 
shows chicago cop fatally shooting teen yr ago . officer : charged 1st degree murder . 
. you had 400 days to build bridges ! 
video of laquan mcdonald's killing released as braces for protests - 
video of 17 year old laquan mcdonald's killing released as chicago braces for protests 
video of laquan mcdonald's killing by chicago cop released 
shooting death video released ... officer charged with 1st degree murder . 
disgusting . 
this is terrible and has to stop . why couldn't the cops go over to him after the young man was down . back when my ... 
why did it take over a year for an arrest ? 
chicago " braces " for demonstrations ? black & brown people " brace " all over the country for being killed by cops : 
the outrage is real out here in chicago . 
video of mcdonald's killing released as chicago braces for protests via 
video of laquan mcdonald's killing to be released as chicago braces for protests 
a human being shouldn't live if they shoot a man 16 times , 13 after he was dead , then proceed to reload his gun . 
unfortunately yet another killing by police . more info : 
video of laquan mcdonald's killing by chicago cop to be released 

new york city mayor vows won't be intimidated by isis threats 
new york city mayor vows people won't be intimidated by isis threats 
nyc mayor vows city won't be initimidated by isis threats 

and fellow hackers battle isis in cyberspace 

centcom may have \'manipulated\' isis intel 
rt centcom may have ' manipulated ' isis intel so now can we impeach him ? 
skewed intelligence reports can impede an accurate assessment of our strategy & ultimately harms our natl security . 
officials to nbc news : centcom may have ' manipulated ' isis intel 
rt msnbc : centcom may have ' manipulated ' isis intel 
centcom ' manipulated ' isis intel , to help obama !! 
woww ... ok ... hold on to your hats ... it's comingggg ! 
may have ' manipulated ' intel , officials say via 
pentagon papers anyone ? ... those , who do not learn from history , are condemned to repeat it . 

explosive belt found in paris suburb 
more ridiculous staged theatrical false flag propaganda ... 
the discovery in the montrouge neighborhood triggered new worries as investigators continued … 
the discovery in the montrouge neighborhood triggered new worries as investigators continued an international ... 

researchers grow new vocal cords from cells 
nbcnews : researchers grow new vocal cords from cells 

abid naseer , pakistani man , sentenced in u.s. to 40 years for al qaeda plot 
pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall ( msnbc ) ( 1511 gmt ) 
pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall ( msnbc ) ( 1234 gmt ) 
pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall vía 
pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall ( msnbc ) ( 0952 gmt ) 
pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall : abid naseer was convicted nearly six years after h ... 
pakistani man gets 40 years for terror plot to bomb shopping mall 

2,000 contract airport workers go on strike at seven u.s. hubs 

bobby jindal ends 2016 presidential campaign 
bobby jindal ends 2016 presidential campaign via 
wait ! when did start his presidential campaign ... :-) 
ends 2016 presidential campaign via nbcnews 
another one bites the dust . bobby jindal has ended his campaign . who is next ? 
bobby jindal drops out of the presidential race , disappointing both of his supporters . via nbcnews 
rt louisiana gov . bobby jindal ends his 2016 presidential campaign … 
ends presidential campaign 
bobby jindal quits the presidential race . 
getting back into the policy wonk business : 
did you hear this on the news ? 
good news . 
louisiana gov . bobby jindal announced late tuesday he would suspend his presidential … 
ends 2016 campaign , says " clearly there just wasn't a lot of interest in those policy papers . " see 
says not his time . hope it never will be . one of the most reactionary ill equipped govs in recent history 
has dopped out of the gop race 
another one bites the dust , hey hey 
rt just 27% of gop voters said they could imagine supporting jindal in latest nbc/wsj poll 

drone maker dji to open flagship retail store in shenzhen , china 
" drone lovers who want to get their hands on the latest tech soon will be able to — if they live in southeastern ... 
popular drone maker dji to open flagship retail store 
popular drone maker dji to open flagship retail store : drone lovers who want to get their hands on the latest ... 

dallas woman charged in butt injection death 
dallas woman charged with manslaughter in butt injection death 
seek a board certified plastic surgeon for aesthetic procedures-a 22yrold died after silicone butt injections . 
illegal cosmetic butt injection causes death 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! dallas woman charged in butt injection dea … 
st. louis county prosecutors say nitica lee injected a silicone substance into daysha phillips ' buttocks in a ... 
st. louis county prosecutors say nitica lee injected a silicone substance into daysha … 
also more important to me than isis : 

belgium arrests four paris accomplices , seeks fifth 
i've heard about this : 
says it arrested four paris accomplices and is seeking a fifth - 
new : alert issued for man believed to have traveled to paris with suspected ringleader . 
france indicts 124 in wake of paris attacks : official 
belgium says it arrested four paris accomplices and is seeking a fifth vía 
124 indicted in wake of paris attacks , french minister says 
france indicts 124 , detains 165 in wake of paris attacks : official 
security officials have also conducted 1,233 searches and seized close to 200 weapons … 
security officials have also conducted 1,233 searches and seized close to 200 weapons , france's interior minister ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! 124 indicted in wake of paris attacks , fre … 

most powerful nations ban hacking for commercial gain 

suspect befriended family before campsite massacre : cops 
befriended family before texas campsite massacre : cops via 
suspect helped family before campsite massacre : cops 
investigators : murder suspect helped 6 texas family members before killing them . 
investigators : texas murder suspect helped 6 family members before killing them 
the suspect allegedly helped the family free a stuck vehicle before returning and murdering six of them 
rt non-muslim white guy kills 6 at texas campsite 
nbcnightlynews : investigators : murder suspect helped 6 texas family members before killing them . 
suspect befriended family before texas campsite massacre ! 
need something to fear ? here you go . mass murderer in tx that few even know about . 
my daughter worked with one of the girls . so so sad 
befriend , then murder . throughout history . judeo-christian values 
a texas man accused of killing six members of a family at a campsite befriended his victims … 

where will isis strike next ? 
map of terror : where will isis strike next ? via nbcnews 
map of where will isis strike next ? - nbc news 
anywhere ... but obama said they're contained ? ⏩map of terror : where will isis strike next ? uk , usa , germany 
rt rt map of terror : where will isis strike next ? - nbc news 
josh meyer and i on where isis may attack next after an extraordinary five weeks where they've killed 518 overseas . 
map of terror : where will strike next ? 
of terror : where will strike next ? via 
the statue of liberty 

skydiving student killed in weekend accident in arizona 
colorado woman killed in arizona skydiving accident - 
skydiving student killed in arizona weekend accident ( msnbc ) ( 1617 gmt ) 
last-second turbulence was blamed for sending a tandem skydiving team plunging into the … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! colorado woman killed in arizona skydiving … 
last-second turbulence was blamed for sending a tandem skydiving team plunging into the ground , killing a ... 

gene scan finds surprising mutations in kids with cancer 
rt nbcnews " gene scan finds surprising mutations in kids with cancer " 

dad accused of abducting son 13 years ago indicted on 32 counts 
father indicted on 32 counts in case of boy who realized he was considered missing for 13 years 
dad accused of abducting son 13 years ago indicted ( msnbc ) ( 2000 gmt ) 
dad accused of abducting son 13 years ago indicted : bobby hernandez , 53 , allegedly took his then 5-year-old so ... 
bobby hernandez , 53 , allegedly took his then 5-year-old son from alabama in 2002 , and then moved to cleveland until he was discovered . 

fewer men are being screened for prostate cancer — and fewer are being diagnosed 

tech : 7 tools for the perfect 

tech giants don't budge as lawmakers push weakened 
giants don't budge as lawmakers push weakened via 
“ ... tech companies are trying to do the right thing , and it's because it's good for business for them . ” 
tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption 
tech giants fight l ... | 
tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption : the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate around e ... 
dtn usa : tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption : the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate ... 
scouting tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption thoughts ? 
tech giants fight lawmakers on crypto compromise - the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate around e ... 
unidrone explorer > tech giants fight lawmakers on crypto compromise 
the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate around encryption inside the beltway , much to the chagrin of ... 

one dead , five arrested during raid targeting paris attackers 

why is this suburb home to so many extremists ? 
nbcnews : why is this suburb home to so many extremists ? 

the ' slow squeeze ' or no warfare at all ? experts weigh in on how to beat isis 
nbcnews : the ' slow squeeze ' or no warfare at all ? experts weigh in on how to beat isis 

throw out the costco chicken salad , cdc says 
. sickens 19 with e coli : 
think twice before grabbing the next at costco - 
nineteen people in seven states are sick with an e coli infection linked to chicken salad … 
19 sickened by e . coli after eating costco chicken salad . 
costco chicken poses e coli threat 
if only 
nineteen people in seven states are sick with an e coli infection linked to chicken salad from costco , federal ... 

man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old gabriella doolin 
man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old girl in ky . 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of gabriella doolin , 7 via 
my god : 
kentucky man could face death in rape & murder of 7-year-old 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old ( msnbc ) ( 1911 gmt ) 
thug smh 
kentucky man could face death in rape and murder of 7 yr old girl . via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! man could face death in rape , murder of 7- … 
it is dedicated to lady gaga man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old girl in k … 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old ( msnbc ) ( 1532 gmt ) 
timothy wayne madden was held on $1 million bail monday and could face the death sentence .... 
kentucky man charged in killing of 7-year-old gabriella doolin could face death penalty . 

who was in — and who's still on the run 
attackers - killed , arrested and at-large . 
who was killed in paris attacks — and who's still on the run 
who were the paris attackers , and who's still on the run ? 
who was killed in — and who's still on the run has more , 1pe 
this link is from 8 hrs ago . it says 6 of 7 known attackers were local 
according to nbc , one bomber entered europe oct 3 on boat filled w/ migrants . caution isn't stupidity . 
update : who were the paris attackers , and who’s still on the run ? 
why not increase scrutiny for eu nationals coming into us ? they were the actual paris attackers . 
of the known suspects , most were either born in france or neighboring belgium , authorities have said .... 
of the known suspects , most were either born in france or neighboring belgium , authorities … 
who was killed in — and who's still on the run via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! who were the paris attackers , and who's st … 

paris attacks : police hunt 9th attacker in massacre as surveillance shows 2 gunmen - ... 
police hunt ninth attacker in paris massacre 
the disclosure of a second possible fugitive came as france launched new airstrikes against … 
paris attacks : police hunt 9th attacker in massacre as … 
police hunt second fugitive involved in paris attacks 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! police hunt ninth attacker in paris massac … 
breaking : paris attacks : police hunt 9th attacker in massacre as surveillance shows 2 gunme ... 
the disclosure of a second possible fugitive came as france launched new airstrikes against isis , which has ... 

carson aides admit candidate needs work on foreign policy 
how about a correct us map ? mt aides admit candidate needs work on foreign policy 

ceo announces defense operations center 
announces cyber defense operations center . 
microsoft ceo announces cyber defense operations center 
to date , 160 million customer records have been compromised , according to microsoft ... 
it takes on average 229 days to detect a hack . microsoft is making changes are you ? 
speaking in the nation’s capital on tuesday morning , microsoft ceo satya nadella said that “ 2015 has been a tough ... 
think they're hiring ? • 
microsoft announces defense operations center 
ceo announces operations center - 
ceo says in that it is building a operations center . 
this just emphasize the need for orgs to refresh their view on 229 days avg to detect a hack says it all 
microsoft is creating a cyber defense center 
microsoft is building a cyber defense operations center to respond to threats - 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! microsoft ceo announces cyber defense oper … 
speaking in the nation's capital on tuesday morning , microsoft ceo satya nadella said that ' 2015 has been a tough ... 
ceo announces state-of-the-art defense operations center for threat response 
what will be outcome future will show , this is something only gov or companies like or can build 
microsoft is building a cyber defense operations center to respond to threa … 

' we cannot succumb to fear ' : u.s. , france unite against isis 
obama , hollande to discuss paris attacks , isis threat 
' we cannot succumb to fear ' : us , france unite against isis - 
obama : " we cannot succumb to fear . we share the same trust in freedom . " u.s. & france unite against isis 
obama , hollande to discuss paris attacks , isis threat ( msnbc ) ( 1228 gmt ) 
obama , french president discuss paris attacks , isis threat 
obama , french president to discuss paris attacks , isis threat 
obama , hollande to discuss paris attacks , isis threat ( msnbc ) ( 0946 gmt ) 
hollande's trip to washington is part of a diplomatic push to get the international … 
obama , hollande discuss paris attacks , isis threat - 
says go through 2 years of vetting before they are allowed into the country . live now 

woman arrested after trying to open plane's exit door mid-flight 

top 5 lessons from new book ' year of yes ' via { just got this book this wk , excited to read ! } 
' year of yes ' : 5 lessons from shonda rhimes ' new book 
5 lessons from shonda rhimes ' new book ' year of yes ' 
" you never say yes to anything . " who would think that statement would apply to shonda rhimes ?... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ' year of yes ' : 5 lessons from shonda rhime … 
‘ year of yes ’ : 5 lessons from shonda rhimes ’ new book 
“ you never say yes to anything . “ who would think that statement would apply to shonda rhimes ? 

can governors block syrian refugees ? probably not . here's why 

gunfire & explosions rock during anti-terror raids . story : 
nbcnews : gunfire & explosions rock during anti-terror raids . story : 

scan finds surprising mutations in kids with cancer 
st jude patient juan carries genetic cancer mutations . so does his mom & brother , all tested at st jude : 
finds surprising mutations in with nbcnews 
gene scan finds surprising mutations in kids with - nbc news 
lfs in the news . 
scan finds surprising mutations in kids with cancer … 
gene scan of children with show some have genetic mutations that could run in families . 
gene scan finds surprising mutations in with via 
~ 8% of children w/cancer have genes predisposing the disease . 4 the 92% - look 2 vaccines & enviroment 4 root cause 
new research : more than 8% of children w/ cancer have mutations that could run in their families . 
some kids with cancer may have inherited dna mutations 
rt : gene scan finds surprising mutations in kids with via … 

: 2 dead , 7 arrested as french cops hunt suspects in 
rt 2 dead , 7 arrested as french cops hunt suspects in … 
rt : 2 dead , 7 arrested as french cops hunt suspects in https : … 

police hunting second fugitive involved in paris attacks 
paris attacks : manhunt on for second fugitive , french police say - 
paris attacks : police hunt 9th attacker in massacre as surveillance shows 2 gunmen - 
update : hunt fo ... 
police hunt ninth attacker in paris massacre 
hunting second fugitive involved in attacks via 
hunt for 9th 
rt hunt for 9th 
police hunt 9th attacker in massacre as surveillance shows 2 gunmen - nbc news 
police on hunt for second fugitive involved in paris attacks 
police hunt 9th attacker in massacre via 
how many suspects are there 10 ? 20 ? 100 ? 1000 ? seriously how many ? 
police hunt 9th jihadist ; video shows 2 fired into bar . call your rep. demand stop 

how this 9-year-old plans to help astronauts stay fit 

consumer prices edged higher in october 

vehicles in high humidity areas along gulf coast get top priority for repairs as govt begins massive 
takata air bag recall : honda models top priority list for repairs 
u.s. prioritizes models in takata air bag recall 
msnbc the nhtsa is shifting the takata air bag recall into high gear , setting a priority list ... 

john kasich proposes new government agency to promote judeo-christian values 
wth ?! john kasich proposes new government agency to promote judeo-christian values 
rt nbcnews " john kasich proposes new government agency to promote judeo-christian values " 

eagles of death metal ' horrified ' by bataclan club attack : 
eagles of death metal ' horrified ' by bataclan attack in paris - 
' bonded in grief ' : band opens up about paris attack 
" eagles of death metal opens up about paris attack " 
eagles of death metal , band playing during paris attacks , is " still trying to come to terms with what happened . " 
eagles of death metal , band playing during paris attacks , is " still trying to come t … 
nbcnightlynews : eagles of death metal , band playing during paris attacks , is " still trying to come to terms with w … 
eagles of death metal , band playing during paris attacks , is " still trying to come to terms with what happen … 
eagles of death metal paid tribute to those who died in the bataclan nightclub .... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ' bonded in grief ' : band opens up about par … 
update : ‘ bonded in grief ’ : band opens up about paris attack 
‘ bonded in grief ’ : california band’s paris attack ordeal 

intel officials : migrant risk high in europe , low in u.s. 
even uber-liberal nbc says of the syrians pouring into europe , 70 percent are young men ages 15 to 30 . 
should western europe be more cautious with their migrants ? 
terrorist in migrant flow ? us intelligence looks at risks . 
rt terrorist in migrant flow ? us intelligence looks at risks . 
the crush of refugees and gaps in technology are raising concerns . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! intel officials : migrant risk high in euro … 
intel officials : migrant risk high in europe , low in us - 

charlie sheen says his hiv is ' undetectable , ' but can he still infect others ? 

turkey shoots down russian warplane 
turkey shoots down russian warplane near border with syria - 
downed russian jet only over turkey for \'seconds\': u.s. officials 
russia has been targeting turkish nationals under the pretext of going after daesh , of course turkey shot the ... 
apparently you can give 10 warnings in 3 seconds 
... then it gobble gobble gobble got out of there ! 
rt turkey shoots down russian warplane 
turkey shoots down russian warplane : hmm ... where is this in the scriptures ? may be bigger than isis ! via 
again - turkey owes russia an apology and restitution for knee jerk reaction via 
turkey down russian warplane via 
that's not good . 
update : downed russian jet only over turkey for ‘ seconds ’ : u.s. officials 
<<" they were in turkish airspace only 2 to 3 seconds , a matter of seconds " the [ us defence ] officials said . >> hmm 
turkish air force contends they warned russian aircraft 10 times in 5 min before their jets opened fire via 
lets hope cooler heads prevail on this one . first major incident in 50 years between and 
russia is fighting isis and turkey is shooting down its planes . what is going on in the world ? guess the world is ... 
shoots down warplane via 
rt shoots down warplane via 
we're going to be hearing the phrase " heightened tensions " a lot more . 
turkey shoots down russian warplane ; putin calls it a ' crime ' 
nothing like a bit of drama to start the day ! 
turkey shoots down russian warplane-'1st time a nato member has downed a russian aircraft since 1950s ' 
wwiii started today . gonna start binge-watching today " turkey downs russian warplane " via 
is this really happening ? turkey shoots down russian warplane , at least one pilot is dead . 
interesting thanksgiving week headline : " turkey shoots down russian warplane " 
not a small matter . this morning , turkish forces shot down a russian military aircraft near the syrian border . 
wow . turkey . u continue to amaze the world and never in good ways . 
putin insists on supporting his puppet and screws up the whole fight against isis by having his aircraft in ... 
military helicopters search for 2 pilots ejected from warplane downed by 

on lookout for stealthy attacks after warning 
on the lookout for stealthy attacks after warning 
retailers on the lookout for stealthy malware attacks 
retailers on the lookout for payment-card-stealing holiday shopping season via 
u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches leading into the holiday shopping season 
msnbc u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches after a cyber intelligence firm ... 
u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches after a cyber intelligence firm … 
tis the season ? retailers on the lookout after warning - 
u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches after a spider intelligence firm privately warned them ... 
u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches after a cyber intelligence firm privately warned them ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! retailers on the lookout for stealthy malw … 

jeb bush proposes additional force and ground troops to defeat isis 

suspect befriended family before texas campsite massacre , police say 

amid controversy , trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' not so great on his h1-b visa " official position . " 
no , you have the worlds biggest ego ??? 
amid latest controversy , trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' - 
" i have the world's greatest memory . it's one thing everyone agrees on . " 
update : trump : ‘ i have the world’s greatest memory ’ 
amid controversy , trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' all those " thousands and thousands " in jersey city ? 
rt trump tells he knows he saw tv of muslims celebrating 9/11 because he has ' world's greatest memory ' … 
trump’s great memory 
its a bird , its a plane , no its buffoonman ! trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' via 
seems like an opportunity for an amazing new case study 😃 ' via nbcnews 
msnbc : trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' 
bs , everybody knows kim-jong un has the world’s greatest memory . it’s hereditary . 
dtn usa : trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invincible , despite inten ... 
trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invincible , despite intense push b ... 
trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invin ... via . 
scouting trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' thoughts ? 
donald trump is a joke . this guy just gets more outrageous with each comment he makes . scary that some support him . 
can all of this really be happening ? this man has a double-digit lead . where am i ? via 
web dsign 
seo website builder amid latest c ... 

travel chaos as winter storm socks southwest 
rt nbcnews " travel chaos as winter storm socks southwest " 

obama unloads on gop candidates over refugee refusal 

northwest windstorm leaves 3 dead 

' angry is not a solution ' : paris survivor makes a plea for understanding 
rt ' angry is not a solution ' : paris survivor makes a plea for understanding 

hundreds of flights cancelled , drivers stranded as winter storm socks southwest 
hundreds of flights cancelled , drivers stranded as winter storm socks southwest … 

facebook says ' error ' led to temporary account suspension of woman nam ... 
woman named isis has facebook account suspended 
when your name is isis ... via 
- says ' error ' led to temporary account suspension of woman named isis 
a woman named isis had her account temporarily suspended by facebook , but the social network says it was just an ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! woman named isis has facebook account susp … 
facebook says ' error ' led to account suspension of woman named isis - 
woman named isis has facebook temporarily suspended 
facebook : ' error ' caused account suspension of woman named isis via 

popular drone maker to open flagship retail store 

breaking news : isis declared war against bangladesh ... 
isis and - spea's sumit ganguly : 
new isis magazine offers chilling clues to terror group\'s growth 
sumit ganguly tells isis ' indication it has moved into bangladesh is a real problem : 
isis magazine details attacks , expansion 
nbc goes in depth into isis lariat magazine publication that details paris attacks 
" ( isis in bangladesh)deeply worrisome , for d reason of bl proximity 2 india & d porousness of the border , " s ganguly 
magazine details attacks , expansion into new countries 
new magazine : chilling clues to terror group's growth+the bombing of that 
the latest issue of dabiq describes operations in bangladesh and claims credit for acts of terror in multiple ... 
the latest issue of dabiq describes operations in bangladesh and claims credit for acts of … 

hawaii supreme court suspends giant telescope permit 

photos : signs winter is fast approaching , today in pictures 

hilton hotels finds malware targeting card data 
when were you going to tell us about the credit card i had to read about it online ?!? 
hilton hotels says it found malware targeting credit card data - 
msnbc hilton worldwide said tuesday it has identified and eliminated malware that targeted cu ... 

" i think the most confusing things in life are when it seems like bad things happen to good people , " -davey ... 
pastor : slain wife ' didn't have an enemy in the world ' - 
pastor davey blackburn : slain wife ' didn't have an enemy in the world ' 
what do you think about davey blackburn ? 
prayers for davey blackburn and his family . " weeping may endure for the night , but joy comes in the morning . " ... 
indianapolis pastor davey blackburn : slain wife ' didn't have an enemy in the ... - 
a pregnant woman who was shot to death last week in her indianapolis home " didn't have an … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! pastor : slain wife ' didn't have an enemy i … 

video purportedly shows attack accomplice's hotel room 
paris attacks : video purportedly shows salah abdeslam hotel room - 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! video purportedly shows attack accomplice'… 
syringes and medical equipment can be seen on a small white table before the camera pans left to show an unmade ... 
video purportedly shows attack accomplice’s hotel room 

video : watch cops sweep streets in anti-terror operation 
watch police sweep streets in anti-terror operation 
rt video : watch cops sweep streets in anti-terror operation https … 
rt nbcnews " video : watch cops sweep streets in anti-terror operation " 

home abortions rise after texas law closes clinics 
“ home abortions rise after texas law closes clinics ” this is what is shameful ! 
rt nbcnews " home abortions rise after texas law closes clinics " 

rt from this morning's obama unloads on gop candidates over refugee refusal : https://… 
obama unloads on gop candidates over refugee refusal via 
first read : unloads on gop candidates over refugee refusal 
the american president goes overseas and purposely insults american citizens via nbcnews 
ohhbama blasts the us in the phillipines . 
first read : obama unloads on gop candidates over refugee refusal - 
conservative republicans are running on the who can be the biggest coward platform 
obama blasts gop candidates over refugee refusal 
rt his willingness to put americans at risk for the sake of syrian refugees is just wrong . protect am … 
his willingness to put americans at risk for the sake of syrian refugees is just wrong . protect americans first . 
rt obama unloads on gop candidates opposing has latest 1pe https : … 
rt . obama unloads on gop candidates opposing syrian refugees " they're worried abt 3-yr old orphans " 
rt in this morning's : obama unloads on gop candidates over refugee refusal … 
rt but is obama's true opposition on syrian refugees gop politicians ? or is it now fellow dems ( schumer , manchin) ? https : … 
rt obama unloads on gop candidates opposing syrian refugees : " they're worried about 3-year old orphans " … 
rt carson campaign performs some big damage control after adviser questions carson's fp knowledge 
rt obama unloads on gop candidates over refugee refusal - 
obama unloads on gop candidates over refugee refusal : first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and ... 

latest : anti-terror operation in is over ; 1 dead , 5 arrested 

britain develops cyberattack powers to take on isis 

consumer group releases ' worst toys ' list 
dinosaur claws , folding trampoline top group's ' worst toys ' list - 
the worst toys ! usually , there ar some good things on the list , and some goofy ones . what do you think ?... 
there is a naughty list . top group's ' worst toys ' list via 
a consumer group released its annual " worst toys " list on wednesday , including a set of … 
a consumer group released its annual " worst toys " list on wednesday , including a set of dinosaur claws and a ... 
watchdog group world against toys causing harm releases annual list of ' 10 worst toys ' 
what could possibly go wrong ? consumer group's annual ' worst toys ' list is out : 
msnbc a consumer group released its annual " worst toys " list on wednesday , including a set of ... 
the annual " 10 worst toys " list published by the u . s . -based consumer watchdog , world against toys causing harm ,... 

girl driving grandfather killed in car rollover : reports 
i'm just speechless ... just plain speechless ... 
cadence orcutt , 8-year-old kansas girl , killed in car crash - 
the little girl was not wearing a seat belt , the kansas highway patrol said .... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! girl driving grandfather killed in car rol … 

born from mt 9-yr-old wants to use hololens to keep astronauts fit via 
9-year-old wants to use hololens to keep astronauts fit 
this 9-year-old wants to use to keep fit 
. i think it’s awesome that a father-daughter team wants to work on mixed reality for space . more of this ! 
rt this 9-year-old wants to use to keep astronauts fit what do you think ? lovel … 
this 9-year-old wants to use to keep astronauts fit what do you think ? lovely idea <3 <3 
9 year old wants to use microsoft hololens to keep fit on the iss 
this 9-year-old wants to use to keep nbcnews 
is the phrase " you go girl " too hokey ? this kid has fitness ideas and a killer smile to boot : 

hackers are using fake terror alert emails to spread 
hackers use fake terror alert emails to spread malware 
fake terror alert emails used by hackers in canada , middle east - 
consumer alert : fake terror alert emails are being used to spread malware 
fake alert used by in canada , middle east . 
new are using the recent terrorist attacks to steal info , watch out for like this : 
consumer alert : while warning of terror attacks , the emails sent by the hackers promise tips on how to stay safe . 
fake alert emails used by in canada & middle east spreads 
with terrorism dominating the news , hackers are trying to exploit people's fears by posing as dubai law ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! hackers use fake terror alert emails to sp … 
fake terror alert emails used to spread malware in canada , middle east via 
fake terror alerts used by hackers in canada , middle east 

gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race 
gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race via 
this is not good , not good at all . 3 gov's out , trump in . gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race 
2016 : gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race - 
and in the nationalization of our politics , rhetoric and bluster count much more than results in state capitals 
one reason for gop governors fizzling -- if they were set up to be dc outsiders , they were overtaken by trump/carson 
' 16 was supposed to be year of the governor . instead , gop race so far has been about the departing/disappearing govs 
it's not a great year for gop governors running for president : 
meetthepress : it's not a great year for gop governors running for president : 
gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race - nbc news 
govs fizzle in race : perry , walker , jindal already out -- jeb , huck , christie struggle 
gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race : republican governors were suppose ... via . 
msnbc : gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race 
dtn usa : gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race : republican governors were supposed to be the stars of ... 
rt gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race 
scouting gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race thoughts ? 
gop govs fizzle in ' 16 prez race : perry , walker , jindal have already exited ; jeb , huck , christie have struggled 
republican governors were supposed to be the stars of this year’s presidential election but they’ve so far ... 

heavy metal band wants a lead singer — made of metal 
old hat ! robot bands are the future 
berlin heavy metal band wants a lead singer — apply if you are a real 
rt ameckardt : berlin heavy metal band wants a lead singer — apply if you are a real compressorhead 
heavy metal band compressorhead wants a lead singer — made of metal - 
real life 
there is a metal band called compressorhead that is formed with members that are truly metal . see what i mean here … 
as someone who enjoys the finer types of music like metal , i'd go see this group if they came to town : 
they've toured the world and they're looking for a lead singer to record their first … 
they've toured the world and they're looking for a lead singer to record their first original album — but there's ... 
heavy metal band compressorhead wants a lead singer made of metal 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! heavy metal band wants a lead singer — mad … 
they’ve toured the world and they’re looking for a lead singer to record their first original album — but there’s ... 

app spies on your other apps to help protect against security leaks . 
an app that spies on your other apps to help protect against security leaks 

closed again over workers ' security fears 
rt nbcnews : eiffel tower closed again over workers ' security fears … 

girls feel less confident about learning computer science , and teachers aren't helping 
rt nbcnews " girls feel less confident about learning computer science , and teachers aren't helping … " 

gunshots heard in north paris suburb as police hunt two remaining attackers 
richard engel hears gunfire near scene of ongoing police activity in suburb of at 6 a.m. local time . 
rt richard on the phone live on msnbc right now . 
the scene in saint-denis 
rt nbcnews " richard engel hears gunfire near scene of ongoing police activity in suburb of at 6 a.m. local … " 
nbcnews : richard engel hears gunfire near scene of ongoing police activity in suburb of at 6 a.m. local tim … 

where will isis strike next ? paris may be part of systematic plan to attack western powers 
nbcinvestigates : rt nbcnews : where will isis strike next ? paris may be part of systematic plan to attack western p … 
where will isis strike next ? paris may be part of systematic plan to attack western … 

minneapolis plce have arrested suspects after 5people wre shot near protest over deadly plce shooting of black man . 
five shot near protest over police killing of jamar clark 
jamar clark protests : two arrested in black lives matter shooting 
white suspect arrested in shooting ! 
jamar clark protests : 5 shot near black lives matter encampment 
nbc news 
two arrested in shooting at protest 
suspect arrested in shooting at protest 
it's time for some narrative power analysis on the news coverage from minneapolis ! 
so ... wait again not syrians ? 
white men sought in shooting at protest : cops were hunting three ... 
our hearts go out to the five protesters shot in minneapolis last night at 
get a job , pull your pants up and cover your ass crack , address things properly and shut the fuck up .... 
go fucking fuck yourselves you people make the rest of your race suffer the embarrassment of your sideways bullshit ! 
fuck black lives matter . every time something happens you jackass motherfuckers run around cryin racism !!! 
continue reading 
five shot at minneapolis protests for jamar clark 
5 shot during protest 
police are searching for 3 white men in connection with 5 shot and injured during a black lives matter protest in ... 
minneapolis police searching for 3 white suspects after 5 people shot near protest over shooting of black man . 
judeo-christian values probably the police in disguise fearing that murder conviction . 
cops seek 3 white men in shooting at protest 
' five shot at protests for 
prayers for those affected by the while protesting for 
nbcnightlynews : minneapolis police searching for 3 white suspects after 5 people shot near protest over shooting o … 
3 white men sought in shooting at protest - 
minneapolis police searching for 3 white suspects after 5 people shot near protest over shooting of black ma … 
incorrect , all 5 are alive- still terrible . 
5 protesters shot near encampment calling for 
five shot at minneapolis protest for jamar clark ( msnbc ) ( 0445 gmt ) 

what can anonymous really do to isis ? 
rt cyber war : what can anonymous really do to isis ? 
cyber war : what can anonymous really do to isis ? - nbc news 
anything that anyone can do to prevent things like this happening again has my support . if only humans could ... 
beware of geeks ... bearing grudges . 
anonymous can defeat isis by seizing their bank accounts and counter their social media attempts . via 
what can really do to 
the new kind of vigilante justice : the cyber war between hacker group anonymous and isis . 
rt what can really do to 
so what can anonymous do to fight isis online , anyway ? 
one shadowy modern day guerrilla organization , anonymous , threatens another , isis/daesh . the guy fawkes maskers ... 
it would be cool if anonymous stole all of isis's money and plunked it into needy , college debtor's accounts . :) 
" when they go recruit , they're hugely dependent on their online presence , " sander said of isis . " if anonymous ... 
lesamitchell : a group people hated might be become popular if they take down isis nothing like doing good to chan … 
a group people hated might be become popular if they take down isis nothing like doing good to change hearts 
bring daesh down ! 
simple bomb and shoot is not going to work . need expert hacking community to negate isis recruiting 

u.s. traffic deaths leap 8 percent in early 2015 
after steady decline , us traffic deaths leap 8 percent in early 2015 - ... 
msnbc after declining for most of the past decade , traffic deaths spiked 8 percent in the fir ... 
after declining for most of the past decade , traffic deaths spiked 8 percent in the first half of 2015 , new data from the federal government show . 

french police ask for help identifying suicide bomber 
french police asking for help identifying paris suicide bomber 
french police ask for help id'ing suicide bomber 
a passport linked to one of the paris bombers was probably fake -- so who is he ? 
french police issued an appeal late tuesday to help identify one of the suicide bombers … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! french police ask for help identifying sui … 
french police issued an appeal late tuesday to help identify one of the suicide bombers involved in the paris ... 

what do the paris attacks have in common with ebola ? 

" don't rush to judgment on syria refugees resettling in the u.s. " 
kerry : don't rush to judgment on syrian refugees 
john kerry : don't rush to judgment on syrian refugees via 
sec . kerry : don't rush to judgment on resettling in the u.s. 
rt welcome his first piece for kerry : don't rush to judgment on syrian refugees http … 
kerry : don't rush to judgment on refugees resettling in u.s. well said mr secretary ! 
kerry : don't rush to judgment on syrian refugees ( msnbc ) ( 1705 gmt ) 
how many is ketchup king kerry willing to move into his neighborhood ? 
since 9/11 , we have allowed 785,000 refugees to come to the united states of america , " he said . " out of the ... 
kerry : don't rush to judgment on syrian refugees ( msnbc ) ( 1410 gmt ) 
john kerry : " people who are under siege ... deserve more than a big closed door shut in their face " 
john kerry : don't rush to judgment on syria refugees resettling in the us - 
perspective : " since 9/11 , we let 785,000 refugees into u.s. 12 were found be problematic & arrested or deported . " 
john kerry : don't rush to judgement on syrian refugees 
3/10 ... he used vet at a time when natives " terrorize " each other >> john kerry : don't rush to judgment via 
rt sec . tells the us can vet migrants : " i just think people shouldn't be hysterical here . " … 
'" we have a very capable ability " to vet any migrants coming into the u.s. , " he told lester … 

can governors legally block syrian refugees ? probably not ! 
rt under supreme court precedent , it's the fed government , not governors , that runs refugee policy . new … 
can governors block syrian refugees ? probably not 
rt limiting how refugees enter the us is a legit debate - but legally , it's for feds , not governors . report w https://… 
can governors block syrian refugees ? survey says ..... 
well it's up to 31 per this story , but i'm hoping to see all the states listed 
can governors block syrian refugees ? well , it depends ( msnbc ) ( 0106 gmt ) 
rt msnbc : can governors block syrian refugees ? well , it depends 
can governors block syrian refugees ? well , it depends ( msnbc ) ( 2220 gmt ) 

video : resident says police targets were in his apartment 

woman who disrupted british airways flight appears in court 

an american missing in paris ? 
an american missing in paris ? family searching for taylor 
nbc news did a story about my tweet on austin taylor . 
i hope my tweet helped . 
i posted a message on twitter regarding austin taylor , and was surprised the next morning to see it was going ... 
please share my friend and former cast mate is missing in pairs . 
avid traveler austin taylor was last seen in new york city several weeks ago . however , his passport was last ... 
find austin taylor 

maynard james keenan said it best " fuck your god ! " i'll debate religion with god any day and prove it is bullshit ! 
so it's ok to abuse children , move priests to other churches & pay victims . but porn is bad ? great priorities 
catholic bishops condemn rise of ' corrosive ' porn 
rise of ' corrosive ' porn : the numero 1 problema afflicting catholic bishops via 
the pope is condeming pornography . does this conflict with the way many people in america live ? 
u.s. catholic bishops condemn growth of ' corrosive ' pornography - nbc news 
us catholic bishops condemn growth of ' corrosive ' pornography - 
roman catholic bishops in the u.s. issued a condemnation of pornography tuesday , calling it … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! catholic bishops condemn rise of ' corrosiv … 
roman catholic bishops in the u.s. issued a condemnation of pornography tuesday , calling it " a widespread ... 

mother , boyfriend charged in death of child burned in oven 
mother , boyfriend charged in death of child burned in oven via 
mother , boyfriend charged in death of child burned in oven ( msnbc ) ( 1829 gmt ) 
racqual thompson and cornell malone were charged with endangering a child in the death , which occurred after ... 
racqual thompson and cornell malone were charged with endangering a child in the death … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! mother , boyfriend charged in death of chil … 

obama is doubling down on the current isis strategy . how would you change it if it was your decision ? 
doubles down on isis strategy after paris attacks 
chief fool obama doubles down on his misguided & delusional isis strategy after paris attacks via nbcnews 
pussy doubles down on strategy after 
rt 168 raids across france as country goes to ' war with terrorism ' 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! obama doubles down on isis strategy after … 
in the wake of terrorist attacks in paris , many leaders called for a rethinking of the world's policies in taking ... 

where does isis gets its money ? 
launching terrorist attacks and maintaining their caliphate isn’t cheap . where does isis get the money it needs ... 
where does isis get the money it needs to run its operation ? watch our 101 : 

' angry is not a solution ' : paris survivor makes a plea for understanding 
\'angry is not a solution , \' paris survivor preaches 
‘ angry is not a solution , ’ paris survivor preaches 
louis samka works at the bataclan cafe and took a bullet in the leg when gunmen opened fire on a concert there ... 

paris attacks : 1 dead , 5 arrested during saint-denis raid 
least 2 dead , 8 arrested during saint-denis terror raid via 
gunfire erupts as elite french police seek paris attack suspects 
terror cell thwarted in raid was ready to act again : official 
in was ready to again : 
at least 2 dead , 8 arrested during saint-denis terror raid 
rt one dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers 
at least 2 dead , 7 arrested during saint-denis terror raid 
saint-denis terror raid ended with the arrest of 8 suspects via 
" he said police fired some 5,000 rounds . " i realize this is a hunt for a terrorist but it triggered a guttural ... 
at least 2 dead , 7 arrested during saint-denis terror raid via 
no , its not islam .. lol .. two dead , 7 arrested via 
cell thwarted in france raid was ready to act : official 
woman suspected of being in cahoots with paris jihad butchers detonates herself in paris suburb during police raid 
two dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers 
two dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting attack mastermind 
woman blows herself up , 5 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers 
rt one dead , 5 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers via 
🔵 two dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting attackers 
two dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers vía 
targeted during today's raid but unclear if he was arrested . 
watch the video : two dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting 
gunfire heard in police operation near paris 

get the nationwide thanksgiving day forecast 
a large storm will cover much of the nation on thanksgiving and may thwart travelers .... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! get the nationwide thanksgiving day foreca … 

obama honors spielberg , streisand and more with medal of freedom - 
another puzzling connection to the warning from 1928 dod war departments immigration manual . why are most of ... 
n times , good to remember there r 
while burns ... 
obama honoring spielberg , streisand and more with medal of freedom - 
. honors & baseball's and with medal of ... 
obama honors 17 with nation\'s highest civilian honor 
obama honoring spielberg , streisand and more with medal of … 

defense secretary ashton carter : we are at war with isis 
stand by for ash carter to be the next guy obama fires . 
defense secretary ashton carter : we are at war with isis - nbc news 
defense secretary ashton carter to " we are at war with isis " look for this to be walked back stat 
: we are at with 
defense secretary ashton carter agrees that the united states is at war with isis in an … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! defense secretary ashton carter : we are at … 
defense secretary carter : we are at war with isis we are at war with the devil ! 

why do people keep posting that these horrors are not being reported by the major news media ... 
rt suicide bombing blamed on boko haram extremists kills 32 , wounds around 80 at truck stop in northeastern nigeria . https … 
boko haram blast at truck stop kills 32 , wounds dozens 
boko haram blast at truck stop kills 32 in nigeria 
boko haram blast at truck stop kills 32 , wounds dozens via 
bigger threat than isis ... blast at truck stop kills 32 , wounds dozens via nbcnews 
suicide bombing by boko haram killed 32 and wounded 80 this week in nigeria 
news as of yesterday ; we could easily dispatch a us marine amphibious unit to nigeria and eradicate boko haram .... 
rt stand w/people of against as we stand with the people of france against isis . 
blast at truck stop kills 32 , wounds dozens in via 

terror cell thwarted in raid was ready to act again : paris prosecutor 

1.9 m in europe's capital told alert won't end for week - 
paris attacks investigation continues as belgium remains on lockdown 
brussels on lockdown : terror alert extended for week 
update : 1.9 m in europe’s capital told alert won’t end for week 
1.9 m in europe's capital told lockdown won't end for week 
on lockdown : alert for week - 
european officials were working feverishly on numerous fronts tuesday to stave off potential … 
1.9 m in europe's capital told won't end for week via 
update : 1.9 m in europe’s capital told lockdown won’t end for week 

isis has a magazine . glossy , 65 pages and full of terrorist info . 
rt isis has a magazine . glossy , 65 pages and full of terrorist info . … 
here's what we learned by reading the new edition of the isis magazine 
nbcinvestigates : rt nbcnews : here's what we learned by reading the new edition of the isis magazine … 
here's what we learned by reading the new edition of the isis magazine nbcinvest … 
rt nbcnews " here's what we learned by reading the new edition of the isis magazine nbcinv … " 
here's what we learned by reading the new edition of the isis magazine nbcinvestigates 
here's what we learned by reading the new edition of the isis magazine nbcinvestiga … 

police target paris attack suspects in saint-denis raid - 
gunfire erupts in police operation near paris 
police target suspects in saint-denis 
heavy gunfire broke out early on wednesday , nov . 18 2015 as french police conducted a large operation in ... 

what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to cops 
smart kid . 
what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to cops ( msnbc ) ( 2238 gmt ) 
what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to cops : zachary becerra loves superheroes . but fo ... 
never underestimate someone b/c of their age ! 7 y/o honors one po at a time . via 
oh my gosh my heart needed this . if you can find the full story online ( i couldn't , i think because it just aired ... 
what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to police officers via 
zachary becerra loves superheroes . but for this 7-year-old , there are no greater heroes than … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! what one 7-year-old boy does to show his g … 
zachary becerra loves superheroes . but for this 7-year-old , there are no greater heroes than new york city's ... 

pastor says his slain wife ' didn't have an enemy in the world ' 
rt nbcnews " pastor says his slain wife ' didn't have an enemy in the world ' " 

man who saved dangling pregnant woman during recalls ' surreal ' rescue 
rt nbcnews " man who saved dangling pregnant woman during recalls ' surreal ' rescue … " 

latest : two dead , seven arrested during early morning raid 

rt prayers for the families of 4 military service members killed in military helicopter crash at fort hood . … 
_claudiaw : rt gregabbot t_t x : prayers for the families of 4 military service members killed in military helicopter … 
four killed in military helicopter crash at fort hood in texas 
rt tragic news from ft . hood 

two dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers 
gunfire erupts as elite french police seek paris attack suspects 
goo news paris attacks : 1 dead , 5 arrested during saint-denis raid - nbcnews … 
web dsign paris attacks : 1 dead , 5 arr ... 
paris attacks : 1 dead , 5 arrested during saint-denis raid - … 
one dead , 5 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers 
paris attacks : gunfire erupts in saint-denis amid hunt - 
prosecutor : 3 men arrested in saint-denis apartment , 2 others arrested nearby ; 1 woman blew herself up - nbc news ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! gunfire erupts as elite french police seek … 
rt several explosions could be heard around 7:30 a.m. local time , about three hours into the operation . heavy ... … 
several explosions could be heard around 7:30 a.m. local time , about three hours into the … 
it is dedicated to lady gaga gunfire erupts as elite french police seek paris attack susp … 
web dsign paris attacks : gunfire erupt ... 

clinton : calling immigrants ' illegal ' was ' poor choice of words ' - 
calling ' illegal ' was ' poor choice of words ' 
at what point did american politics have to start cowering to non citizens . 
democratic front-runner hillary clinton admitted tuesday that her recent use of the term " illegal immigrants " was ... 
it is dedicated to lady gaga clinton : calling immigrants ' illegal ' was ' poor choice of wo … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! clinton : calling immigrants ' illegal ' was … 
clinton : calling immigrants ' illegal ' was ' poor choice of … 
doesn't realize people have broken the law . 2016 
poor choice ? it's what they are when they did not get her legally ... opposite of legal is illegal via nbcnews 
clinton : calling immigrants ‘ illegal ’ was ‘ poor choice of words ’ 
democratic front-runner hillary clinton admitted tuesday that her recent use of the term “ illegal immigrants ” was ... 
this is absurd : clinton regrets calling illegal immigrants illegal immigrants . via 

pride for youth now provides comprehensive sexual health screenings , including blood draws and anal/oral swabs .... 
cdc sees increase in sti outbreaks due to lack of federal and state funding . 
cdc sees ' alarming ' increase in sexually transmitted diseases : 
i'm glad someone is writing about the increase in non hiv std exposure among prep users . 
large increase in nationwide . due 2 cuts in & care . 
desperate for education to stem epidemic . 
sees ' alarming ' increase in sexually transmitted diseases new transmitted infections are ppl 15-24 . 
rome , ga also sees a dramatic rise in stds ! 
" in one year 7 percent of local health departments said they closed their std clinics . " ' alarming ' increase in stds 
rt ppmo_advocates : " common sexually transmitted diseases such as syphilis and gonorrhea have exploded in recent ye … 
" common sexually transmitted diseases such as syphilis and gonorrhea have exploded in recent years , in part ... 
what's going on to cause the increase ? there are several factors , the cdc says . budget cuts are a big factor .... 
the reports alarming increase in stds . now is not time for congress to cut or 
" cdc sees ' alarming ' increase in stds " find your nearest planned parenthood and get tested 
sees " alarming " rise in story 
the more we cut sex education and availability to contraception , the more we see this climb . fight sti's: vote ... 
cdc sees ' alarming ' increase in stds " in part because of reduced funding for public health clinics " via 
cdc sees ' alarming ' increase in via 
come on america ... get with it ! 
but by all means , let's keep attacking planned parenthood 
is essential to sexual health . get tested ! 
hook up culture ... 

says taking in refugees is ' who we are as americans ' 
" hillary clinton says taking in refugees is ' who we are as americans ' " fk that 

journalist trained to treat wounds recalls helping paris attack victims 
rt nbcnews " journalist trained to treat wounds recalls helping paris attack victims leste … " 
journalist trained to treat wounds recalls helping paris attack victims lesterholtnbc 
journalist trained to treat wounds recalls helping paris attack victims lesterholtn … 
nbcnews : journalist trained to treat wounds recalls helping paris attack victims lesterho … 

rt trial set for journalist arrested for bulletproof vest and helmet in thailand 
trial dates set for journalist arrested for bulletproof vest and helmet in thailand 
rt nbcnews " trial dates set for journalist arrested for bulletproof vest and helmet in thailand … " 


britain develops cyber attack powers to take on isis 
printf ( " this is utter bullshit ! " /n ); via 
britain develops powers to take on# isis 
british spies are developing an offensive cyber capability to attack terrorists , hackers and rogue states ,... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! britain develops cyber attack powers to ta … 

carson down , cruz up in new iowa poll 
carson down , cruz up in new iowa poll via 
carson down , cruz up in new iowa poll : ted cruz has surged into a statistical tie ... via . 
update : carson down , cruz up in new iowa poll 
ted cruz has surged into a statistical tie with donald trump at the top of the gop pack , be sociable , share !... 

nbcnews : influential seiu endorses hillary clinton 

defense secretary ashton carter : we are at war with isis 
defense secretary carter : we are at war with isis 
“ defense secretary ashton carter : we are at war with isis ” nice to hear 

teenaged boy dies of ebola in liberia 
a 15-year-old boy has died of ebola in liberia , the first death since the summer in a country that thought itself ... 

sighted but still missing : the 21 year search for renee lamanna 
spotted but still missing ... the 21 year search for renee lamanna . have you seen her ? 
fascinating but sad story of a woman with dissociative disorder missing 21yrs . speaks 5 lang . but essentially lost 
renee lamanna story hits home for me . like renee's family i haven't seen my mom cloudia leslie wells missing for ... 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching ( msnbc ) ( 2202 gmt ) 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching ( msnbc ) ( 1938 gmt ) 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching ( msnbc ) ( 1659 gmt ) 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching ( msnbc ) ( 1440 gmt ) 

at least 12 guards were killed and 17 wounded in tunisia , by muslims ! yes , that's right again ! muslims ! 
at least 12 dead in attack on tunisia military bus - 
at least 12 dead in attack on tunisia military bus : islamic state claimed both attacks . 
rt new : at least 11 dead after explosion hits bus carrying tunisian presidential guards in tunis . 
at least 11 dead in attack on tunisia military bus 
with bacon bits ... 
12 dead in terrorist attack on tunisia military bus 
at least 12 people were killed today after an explosion tore through a bus full of tunisian presidential guards - 
seo website builder at least 12 d ... 
web dsign 

how to tell if you have a crummy 401(k ) plan 
here's how to tell if you have a crummy 401(k ) plan via 
401(k ) fees can range from 50 basis points up to 3 percent . that's a big (& costly ) difference . via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! how to tell if you have a crummy 401(k ) pl … 
most people don't know how to evaluate whether or not they have a good 401(k ) plan . read this and you will .... 
how to tell if you have a crummy plan , and what to do about it 
msnbc most people don't know how to evaluate whether or not they have a good 401(k ) plan . rea ... 

