what it was like on the ferguson frontlines - 
ferguson frontlines : photojournalist reflects one year later 
nice story about our own christian gooden of the post-dispatch . 
ferguson from the frontlines : photojournalist christian gooden reflects on the birth of … 
news : prize-winning photojournalist reflects on ferguson 1 year later – nbc news 
ferguson from the frontlines : photojournalist christian gooden reflects on the birth of black lives matter ,... 
i know many of you are focused on prepping for the holiday , but please join talkblack co-founder chandra thomas ... 
ferguson frontlines : pulitzer winning photojournalist reflects 1 year later 
" i even found myself angry at my own newsroom at times - about how we were covering it and how some people were ... 

stuff like this isn't something i can imagine president obama saying in his first term . 
the time has come to support and not the racist gop candidates who want to replace him . 
obama : don\'t be \'scared of widows and 3-year-old orphans\' 
after all they're his peeps . 
obama chides anti-refugee politicians for being ' scared of widows & 3-year-old orphans ' nov 18 , 2015 
made an awesome speech on & are being awesome on this too 
can our next have some common sense ? don't be ' scared of widows and 3-year-old orphans ' 
and dismisses governors ' nat'l security concerns as " whim " . nat'l security . whim . whim ?!?! via 
wonder what god will tell doug ducey governor doug ducey when he meets his maker ? helping widows and the ... 

woman who disrupted british airways flight appears in court 




angie's list rejects $512 million takeover offer from iac - 

can't wait until black friday ? grab these early deals 
rt can't wait until black friday ? grab these early deals : looking for a new ipad ? how about an apple watch ? best ... http … 
can't wait until black friday ? grab early deals 
can't wait until black friday ? grab early deals on gadgets : looking for a new ipad ? how about an apple watch o ... 
looking for a new ipad ? how about an apple watch ? best buy is offering big discounts on them for black friday .... 
looking for an ipad ? how about an apple watch or a new tv ? black friday is days away , but some deals are online now 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! can't wait until black friday ? grab early … 


rt are you a big shopper ? ' muted ' black friday forecast for retailers , with tvs , toys giv … 
' muted ' black friday forecast for retailers , with tvs , toys giving a lift - 
' muted ' black friday in store for retailers , analysts say 
' muted ' forecast 
is black friday as big of a shopping moment as it used to be ? check out this story from 
shopping during the black market is overestimated 
rt ' muted ' black friday forecast for retailers , with tvs , toys g … 
is black friday as big of a shopping moment as it used to be ? check out this story from todayshow by nielsen 
nielsen : is black friday as big of a shopping moment as it used to be ? check out this story from todayshow 
rt is black friday as big of a shopping moment as it used to be ? check out this story fro … 
a ‘ muted ’ forecast 
see what products retail analysts expect to be hot or not on " muted " 

rt why is the suburb of home to so many extremists ? … 

afp's series continues dec 16 with carly fiorina & thomas pyle . read more from 
afp to host carly fiorina & thomas pyle at next event h/t 
koch-backed group to host carly fiorina at nevada event 
. series has featured & now welcomes fiorina h/t 
koch-backed group to host at nevada event via 
. series has featured cruz , bush , rubio & now welcomes fiorina 
rt the koch brothers are still interested in carly fiorina : 
nbc's reports will host fiorina at an event in reno the day after the dec . 15 debate . 
has latest on effort --> to talk energy regs w/ volunteers 
koch-backed group to host at nevada event . via nbcnews 
i guessshe will take just about anybodys money ? fiorina for sale ??? 
. series has featured bush , & now welcomes 
afp's series continues dec 16 with carly fiorina . read more from 


recon app watches your other apps for leaked private info 
app recon watches other apps for leaked private info . 

kabbalah centre follower wins $ 177,000 in sexual misconduct suit 
\'rabbi to the stars\' case : ex-follower awarded 77k 
' rabbi to the stars ' case : ex-follower awarded $177k 
rt kabbalah centre follower wins $ 177,000 in sexual misconduct suit ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ' rabbi to the stars ' case : ex-follower awa … 
the case marked the latest controversy faced over the years by the kabbalah centre , a non … 
the case marked the latest controversy faced over the years by the kabbalah centre , a non-profit organization ... 
‘ rabbi to the stars ’ case : ex-follower awarded $177k 

amazon founder jeff bezos\' space company lands a rocket 
control system engineering has come a long way !... 
amazon founder jeff bezos ' space company safely lands a rocket - 
this is amazing . absolutely an amazing step towards the future - and done with private funds at no risk to tax ... 
founder jeff bezos ' company safely lands a 
amazon founder bezos ' space company lands a rocket 
every visionary starts out with a crazy idea that nobody believes is possible - take that you non-believers ! 
jeff bezos ' space transportation company , blue origin , successfully landed a suborbital rocket at its launch site 
what does amazon not do ?? 
amazon founder jeff bezos ' space company successfully lands a rocket 
i think jeff bezos is beginning to look like dr. evil ! 
amazon founder jeff bezos ' space transportation company , blue origin , successfully landed a suborbital rocket ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! amazon founder jeff bezos ' space company l … 
what's going on dc ? amazon founder jeff bezos ' space company safely lands a … get found -> 
amazon founder bezos ' rocket company sticks the landing : amazon founder jeff bezos ' space transportation compa ... 

who was in — and who's still on the run 
attackers - killed , arrested and at-large . 
( who was killed in paris attacks — and who's still on the run ) 
who were the paris attackers , and who's still on the run ? 
who was killed in — and who's still on the run has more , 1pe 
this link is from 8 hrs ago . it says 6 of 7 known attackers were local 
according to nbc , one bomber entered europe oct 3 on boat filled w/ migrants . caution isn't stupidity . 
update : who were the paris attackers , and who’s still on the run ? 
why not increase scrutiny for eu nationals coming into us ? they were the actual paris attackers . 
rt of the known suspects , most were either born in france or neighboring belgium , authorities have said . be ... … 

if you're this week , make sure to download flyrights from to protect yourself . 
if you're profiled by this weekend , make sure you report it through the flyrights app . 
this there's an app for that ! flyrights from 
app helps report racial profiling allegations at airports - 
flying while brown this week ? there's an app for that ! flyrights from that all can use 
new story by nbc's on our flyrights report profiling app that u can use as you travel this weekend . 
developed by to help report at airports that can be used by anyone ! 
yo ! report incidences of tsa harrasment using flyright 

georgia death row inmate asks for six-pack of beer as last meal via 
georgia inmate asks for six-pack of beer as last meal 
because it's bad for your health !! 
georgia inmate marcus ray johnson denied beer as last meal 
georgia inmate denied beer as last meal -- 
marcus ray johnson denied a 6 pack of beer as his last meal . many doubts about his guilt . set to be executed ... 
" pro " life gop state of georgia to execute human being marcus ray johnson tonight at 7pm . denied beer at last meal 
georgia inmate denied six-pack of beer as last meal ( msnbc ) ( 1929 gmt ) 
a bar and drink person , vice , right to the end . what a non-productive and destructive life . 


paris attacks : probe centers on brussels suburb of molenbeek - 
isis ' tentacles stretch to this suburb via nbcnews 

rei has opted to stay closed on black friday so its employees and customers can explore the outdoors . 
i used to work in retail and i agree that consumerism has spiraled out of control . i fully support this ! 
will rei's closure on thanksgiving , black friday pay dividends ? 
will rei's closure on thanksgiving and black friday pay dividends ? - 
psycographics & social media to connect with customers : closes on & says 
will rei\'s closure on black friday pay dividends ? 
anti black friday comment shows how low retail confidence today . don't be fooled by the spin from brands like rei 
will rei\'s closure on thanksgiving pay dividends ? 
how closing on thanksgiving has become a marketing strategy 
shop their co . must payoff > will rei's closure on thanksgiving , blackfriday pay dividends ? > via 
closing on is worth the brand recognition : via 
will rei's closure on and black friday pay dividends ? 
will rei's closure on thanksgiving and friday pay dividends ? 
will closure on and pay dividends ? 
will rei's closure thanksgiving , black friday pay dividends ? via firm is bad 2 work 4 low wage no benefits 
but has no share holders . rei is a c o-o p . i have been a member of this c o-o p for over 30 years and i think ... 
rei's close on thanksgiving black friday pay dividends ? via let ppl shop on holidays not all have families 
rei's close thanksgiv black friday payoff via rei not doing well against ll bean preparing 2 sell 2 ll bean 

home abortions rise after texas law closes clinics 
rt home abortions rise after texas law closes clinics 
thank you no to and no to supporting murderers . 
only a matter of time b4 we're back 2 clandestine , unsafe abortions & women start dying again . 
virginia is for lovers , texas is for a-holes : another fine job - what century are you in ? 
rt - dude i don't care how you feel about abortion , 240k women risking their lives in fear is just f … 
soooooooo maybe we just let them choose what to do with their bodies ... 
- dude i don't care how you feel about abortion , 240k women risking their lives in fear is just flat out sad . 
between 100,000 to 240,000 women ( 18 to 49 ) in tx have tried self-induce abortion - after law closes clinics 
don't think this is what " pro-life " people had in mind . 
100 -240k texan women have attempted at-home abortions after legislative attempts to curtail access to clinics 

president obama : no credible reports of a ' plot on the homeland ' 
obama to nervous u.s. : no credible reports of terror plot 
obama to nervous nation : no credible reports of terror plot 
rt obama to nervous u.s. : no credible reports of terror plot via 
to nervous nation : no credible reports of plot 
it is very unhealthy - in every sense of the word - for americans to be in a constant state of hysteria , fear and ... 
next → president obama and his national security team work to calm fears over potential terror threats . 
no credible treat on homeland , and he is correct ! there has been no threats made toward his 
on run to win : the darryl wood show . the president says he's not aware of any specific terror threat to the u . s.: 
no credible reports of on the homeland ! 
obama to brief the nation on homeland security 
obama will speak from the white house after meeting with his national security team in the situation room . be ... 
president obama : no credible reports of a ' plot on the … 

laying the groundwork for the blood-nannies of ( 
laying the foundation for blood-nannies : 
love the medical and environmental application possibilities . single-molecule submarine cruises the atomic seas 
all aboard : single-molecule submarine cruises the atomic seas - nbc news 
researchers control single molecule nanosubmarine with uv light . 
all aboard : single-molecule submarine cruises the atomic seas via 

cops : man kills father , stabs mother in dispute over food ... 
man kills father , stabs mother in dispute over food : police 
man kills father , stabs mother in dispute over food — hendrix communications — kh 
nobody better lay a finger on his butterfinger . 
rt ..... this asshole killed his father and stabbed his mom over some food ...... ...... w-t-f 
mississippi man kills father , stabs mother in dispute over food 
smh ... if he could have just held out another day , he could have probably gotten a thanksgiving meal . 
totally makes sense . i see where he is coming from ... ugh ... 
man kills father , stabs mother in fight over food : cops 
this guy is sick 
weird , most people with face tattoos are stand up citizens , said no one , ever .. 
caused by climate change ??? mississippi man kills father , stabs mother in dispute over f … 
where you at on this one ... thought so . 
not even recipes are safe 
rt man stabs mother in dispute over food ... 
rt wizdom4you : ..... this asshole killed his father and stabbed his mom over some food ....… 
in over police via 
saddened by this anger and violence , he is peace if you let him be . 


nyc mayor and police chief : new yorkers will not be intimidated by isis propaganda 

most powerful nations ban hacking for commercial gain 


2,000 contract airport workers go on strike at seven u.s. hubs 
2,000 contract workers go on strike at seven u.s. airports 
air service worker's union strikes at 7 locations , demand $15 hour . 
rt 7 major airports baggage handlers are on strike today . from boston to texas .. hope none of you are travelling .!... htt … 
2,000 contract airport workers go on strike at seven u.s. hubs incl . logan airport in boston via 
they should be fired immediately . unfortunately they are mostly minorities and you're not allowed to ! via 
airport workers at the country's busiest hubs are on strike today . 
i wonder if this is why my initial flight was delayed 3 hours -_- 
will passengers get bags at final destination ? 
more than 2,000 airport workers are striking today to fair min . wage for their families ( via 
i love it when unions complain of intimidation and harassment ... 2k airport workers go on strike at 7 us hubs 
traveling this holiday ? several airports will have ee strikes for of $15 . 
2,000 contract workers strike at seven u.s. airports today 


man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment ( msnbc ) ( 1838 gmt ) 
man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment via 
a loser killed this deputy because he was in law enforcement , no other reason ....... 
man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment : man accused of killing a houston sheriff's deputy in ... 
accused killer targeted texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment - 
man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment ( msnbc ) ( 1510 gmt ) 


rt death row inmate who asked for beer as his last meal will likely get fruit punch instead … 

eagles of death metal ' horrified ' by bataclan club attack 
eagles of death metal ' horrified ' by bataclan attack in paris - 
\'bonded in grief\': band opens up about paris attack 
eagles of death metal opens up about paris attack 

retailers on the lookout for stealthy malware attacks 
on the lookout for stealthy attacks after warning 
on lookout for stealthy attacks after warning 
retailers on the lookout for payment-card-stealing holiday shopping season via 
u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches leading into the holiday shopping season 
msnbc u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches after a cyber intelligence firm ... 
u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches after a cyber intelligence firm … 
tis the season ? retailers on the lookout after warning - 
u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches after a spider intelligence firm privately warned them ... 
u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches after a cyber intelligence firm privately warned them ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! retailers on the lookout for stealthy malw … 

pope francis lands in kenya on first stop of africa tour - 
brushing aside security concerns , pope francis arrives in kenya for his first africa visit . 
lands in on first stop of tour via 
pope francis arrived in kenya on tuesday . he later is scheduled to visit uganda and the … 
the conquering of afrikan minds never stops ! " cast aside your white god , you are free ! " 
pope francis arrived in kenya on tuesday . he later is scheduled to visit uganda and the central african republic . 
pope francis lands in on first stop of africa tour via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! pope francis land … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! pope francis lands in kenya on first stop … 

russia has cut off gas supplies to ukraine ( again ) ambitious eu anyone ? 
rt russia has cut off gas supplies to ukraine ( again ) ambitious … 
russia cuts off gas supplies as ukraine shivers 
cuts off supplies as shivers 
cuts off gas supplies to 
msnbc russia's supplies to ukraine recommenced in early october after gazprom received $234 m ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! russia cuts off gas supplies as ukraine sh … 
russia's supplies to ukraine recommenced in early october after gazprom received $234 … 
russia's supplies to ukraine recommenced in early october after gazprom received $234 million out of a promised ... 
russia’s supplies to ukraine recommenced in early october after gazprom received $234 million out of a promised ... 

ben carson to visit syrian refugees in jordan 
ben carson to visit syrian refugees in jordan , campaign officials say . 
nbcnightlynews : ben carson to visit syrian refugees in jordan , campaign officials say . 
ben carson to visit syrian refugees in jordan via 
perhaps he'll realize that there are no members of isis among them , and change his position in regards to the u.s. 
ben carson to visit syrian refugees in jordan - nbc news too late ! 
to visit in 
the retired neurosurgeon will visit a refugee camp in northern jordan . he has come under … 
sending apologies in advance for the impending insanity ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ben carson to visit syrian refugees in jor … 

vian dahkil fights to save yazidis from extermination by isis 
meet the woman fighting to save her people from 
meet the woman fighting to save her people from isis 💃🏼 
one woman's fight against isis 
the fight to say girls 
vian dahkil fights to save from extermination by 
great story on a yazidi woman in iraq fighting to save her people from genocide 
meet the woman fighting to save her pe ... via | 
rt meet the woman fighting to save her people from 
meet the yazidi woman fighting to save her people from isis 
a letter addressed to michelle obama pleading for the first lady's backing went unanswered god help them . 
rt yazidi legislator vian dahkil is a desperate people’s last and only hope . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! meet the woman fighting to save her people … 
yazidi legislator vian dahkil is a desperate people's last and only hope . 

germany to support military campaign against isis 
germany to support military campaign against isis after french appeal 
nbcnightlynews : germany to support military campaign against isis following direct french appeal for berlin to do … 
rt imwhitneyblack : germany to support milit ... | … 
to support military campaign against after french appeal via 

says he can predict terrorism : ' i can feel it ' 
donald trump says he can predict terrorism : ' i can feel it ' - nbc news trump is trolling democracy brilliantly 
trump says he can predict terrorism via ' feel ' 
rt donald says he can predict terrorism : ' i can feel it ' can't make this crap up ! … 
rt " the other thing i predicted is terrorism . " 
' i can feel it ' : trump says he can predict terrorism 
rt says he can predict terrorism via ' feel ' bankruptcy predictions ? not so much 
seems kind of of obvious funding osama would come back & bite us in the ass .. trump thinks hes got super power ? lol 
rt " it's about vision , folks , " said last night while touting his own ability to predict trends and circumstances https :/ … 
trump can predict terrorism - he can " feel " it . this is a man we want in charge of a nuclear arsenal ? 
his magic spidey senses tell him about terrorism . if i weren't watching it i would think it was a parody . this ... 
channeling phil collins , trump says he can " feel " terrorism via nbcnewsv 
. via trump says he can predict terrorism . maybe time to change careers 
🙄'i can feel it ' : trump says he can predict terrorism😑 
i can predict it too , if he gets elected we all will be terrorized 
i can relate . i just get this feeling in my gut when i watch some windbag on tv that's completely full of shit . 
thats interesting cuz my douche-sense is tingling reading this:' i can feel it ' : trump says he can predict terrorism 
trump's latest talent is " feeling it " as a way of predicting terrorism . 
who needs ? we have real news to entertain us . i can't believe this is real ! 
retweeted alex seitz-wald ( " the other thing i predicted is terrorism . " 
donald trump now claims he can predict terrorism . " i can feel it . " 
he can feel it ! we're saved !!! 
rt aseitzwald : " the other thing i predicted is terrorism . " 
trump says that he can predict terrorism cuz he can ' feel it ' 
" the other thing i predicted is terrorism . " … 
so we all agree this is a totally normal , regular fact ? trump says he can predict terrorism via ‘ feel ’ 

rt cdc sees ' alarming ' increase in sexually transmitted diseases 

protesters flood chicago's downtown shopping district 
laquan mcdonald shooting : protesters disrupt black friday shopping in downtown ... - 
protesters march in chicago's shopping district 
black friday protest in chicago for young man shot 16 times by police . 
protesters flood chicago's downtown shopping district /ms 
protesters block black friday stores in shopping district via 
protesters flood chicago's downtown shopping district : organizers are hoping to disrupt black f ... 
rt " what do we want ? justice . when do we want it ? now ! " … 
chicago protesters very shrewdly block access to stores on the magnificent mile on 
so disrupting shopping is more important than black lives ! 
all these democratic citiesemanuel should step down as mayorbut this has been going on in the news and no protestors 
protesters march in shopping district via 
chicagoans protesting killing of laquan mcdonald block shoppers ' entry at major stores along chicago's ... 
organizers are hoping to disrupt black friday shopping in chicago's magnificent mile to … 
developing : protesters disrupt black friday shopping in downtown chicago 
organizers are hoping to disrupt black friday shopping in chicago's magnificent mile to protest systemic problems in the city police department . 

\'doo doo\' and his clown car rescues 2 women 
the clown who rescued 2 women with his clown car from a would-be attacker 
" the women , managed to get into the clown car " 
" as for doo doo , he now has a story " 
" with his cousin & 2 other clowns in the car , 1 of them pregnant " 
umm , hello ? doo-doo and a clown car to the rescue ! 


trial dates set for journalist in possession of bulletproof vest , helmet in thailand via 
trial dates set for anthony kwan , journo facing up to 5 years for carrying bulletproof vest , helmet in thailand 


judge gives preliminary ok to $8m settlement over sony 
judge gives preliminary ok to sony hack settlement 
unidrone explorer > judge gives preliminary ok to sony hack settlement 


rt who was killed in paris attacks — and who's still on the run 

dead or alive ? fate of key isis terrorist still unknown 
rt top stories : paris attacks : at least 2 dead , 7 arrested during saint-denis raid - nbcne ... ht … 
terror cell thwarted in raid was ready to act again : official 
paris attacks : at least 2 dead , 8 arrested during saint-denis raid - 
nothing here : 
rt france has mobilized massively in light of the attacks last week . if they had republicans , there would be calls ... https … 
two dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers 
" nbc news could not immediately confirm a report in the washington post saying abaaoud had been killed in the raid . " 
at least 2 dead , 8 arrested during saint-denis terror raid 
is isis finished with paris after the second attack ? 

supreme court blocks vote counting in hawaii election 
us supreme court blocks vote counting in hawaii election - 
news us supreme court blocks vote counting in hawaii election - 
supreme court blocks vote counting in hawaii election via 
u.s. supreme court blocks vote counting in - the u.s. supreme court on friday blocked counting ... 
hmmmmm .... u.s. supreme court blocks vote counting in hawaii election - nbc news 
the election was intended to be a step toward creating an indian-tribe-style governmental entity for native hawaiians . 

love notes honor late wife 
a husband honors his late wife by handing out 100 love notes to strangers on the streets of charlotte , north ... 

toy gun sparks pope security alert 

man admits stealing brain tissue from museum 
burglar who stole , sold brain tissue jailed for 4 years 
rt it is dedicated to lady gaga burglar who stole , sold brain ti … 
a man who sold brain tissue to a san diego resident has admitted stealing the human brain samples and other ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! burglar who stole … 
a man who sold brain tissue to a san diego resident has admitted stealing the human brain … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! burglar who stole , sold brain tissue jaile … 


thanksgiving treat : gas prices are lowest in 7 years via 
thanksgiving treat : gas prices are lowest in 7 years via happy thanksgiving 
thanks treat : gas prices are lowest in 7 years 
thanks obama ! thanksgiving treat : gas prices are lowest in 7 years via 
traveling for thanksgiving ? gas prices are lowest in 7 years 
thank you mr. president obama 
we won't be on the road , but this is good news for everyone who will be ! 
traveling for thanksgiving ? gas prices are lowest in seven years - 

rt heavy winds leave thousands in nw us without power what's god's role in the weather ? … 
winter storm socks southwest , takes aim for gulf coast 
travel chaos as winter storm socks southwest 
travel chaos as heavy winds leave thousands without power in northwest 


astronomers observe birth of an alien planet for first time 
astronomers observe birth of an alien planet for first time via nbcnews . this is so cool 
astronomers observe birth of planet for very first time ! 
rt why aren't we making a bigger deal of this ? astronomers observe birth of an alien planet for first time … 
birth of a planet ... 
astronomers would not have been able to view birth of planet without math ! 
far out : astronomers observe birth of an alien planet 
scientists have photographed a gas-giant exoplanet forming around a young star that lies about 450 light-years ... 
brand new planet . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! far out : astronomers observe birth of an a … 
we can see this planet is forming on it's own . without assistance from god . just accretion . 

maryland college closes , pennsylvania high school on alert as search continues ... 



kerry arrives in israel for talks with netanyahu , abbas 
kerry arrives in israel for talks w/ netanyahu , abbas - i thank 4 speaking out against terror in israel 
rt kerry arrives in israel for talks with netanyahu , abbas 
kerry arrives in israel to ' calm things down a little ' 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! kerry arrives in israel to ' calm things do … 
a rash of deadly attacks have dampened any lingering hopes of renewed peace negotiations … 
kerry arrives in israel to ‘ calm things down a little ’ 
a rash of deadly attacks have dampened any lingering hopes of renewed peace negotiations between israel and the ... 

rt here's how to tell if you have a crummy 401(k ) plan 

rt man on house guests : ' i didn't know they were terrorists . ' latest : … 

rt muscle men in jewish divorce scheme headed to jail - 
muscle men in jewish scheme headed to jail 

st. louis rams\' player stedman bailey shot : source 
rt source : rams wr stedman bailey has been shot ; team will be issuing a statement within the hour 
rt source : rams wr stedman bailey suffers a non-life threatening gunshot wound . 
rt prayers up for steadman bailey who suffered a gunshot to the head per reports it's not life threatening thank god https : … 
rt former mountaineer receiver stedman bailey has suffered a gunshot wound . 
from nbc sports talk for android : source : stedman bailey has been shot 
rt wr stedman bailey has been shot ; team will be issuing a statement within the hour - … 
source : stedman bailey has been shot wow ... 🙏 
rams receiver stedman baily in critical condition after being shot in miami 
more terrible new for the rams . -bill 
st louis rams player stedman bailey has been shot via 

and fellow hackers battle isis in cyberspace 

centcom may have \'manipulated\' isis intel 
rt centcom may have ' manipulated ' isis intel : senior military officials tell nbc news tha ... … 
rt centcom may have ' manipulated ' isis intel so now can we impeach him ? 
skewed intelligence reports can impede an accurate assessment of our strategy & ultimately harms our natl security . 
officials to nbc news : centcom may have ' manipulated ' isis intel 
rt msnbc : centcom may have ' manipulated ' isis intel 
centcom ' manipulated ' isis intel , to help obama !! 
woww ... ok ... hold on to your hats ... it's comingggg ! 
may have ' manipulated ' intel , officials say via 
pentagon papers anyone ? ... those , who do not learn from history , are condemned to repeat it . 

explosive belt found in paris suburb 
more ridiculous staged theatrical false flag propaganda ... 
the discovery in the montrouge neighborhood triggered new worries as investigators continued … 
the discovery in the montrouge neighborhood triggered new worries as investigators continued an international ... 

pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall | via 
abid naseer , pakistani man , sentenced in u.s. to 40 years for al qaeda plot 
pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall ( msnbc ) ( 1511 gmt ) 
pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall ( msnbc ) ( 1234 gmt ) 
pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall vía 
pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall ( msnbc ) ( 0952 gmt ) 
pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall : abid naseer was convicted nearly six years after h ... 
pakistani man gets 40 years for terror plot to bomb shopping mall 

dallas woman charged in butt injection death 
dallas woman charged with manslaughter in butt injection death : 
seek a board certified plastic surgeon for aesthetic procedures-a 22yrold died after silicone butt injections . 
illegal cosmetic butt injection causes death 

rt researchers grow new vocal cords from cells 



rt chicken salad sickens 19 with e . coli : 
a affects people in 7 states : 
costco chicken salad sickens 19 with e coli . 
throw out the costco chicken salad , cdc says 
rt if you have chicken salad from costco , throw it away . 19 people in 7 states are sick with e coli infection . … 
nineteen people in seven states are sick with an e coli infection linked to chicken salad from costco 
costco rotisserie sickens 18 with e coi , cdc says by 
" consumers who purchased rotisserie chicken salad from any store in the united states on or before ... 
costco just started an e-coli outbreak . this is why i am 
throw that chicken salad from costco in the trash ! 
if you bought some and haven't ate it yet ... then don't . 
$cost killing people with chicken salad omggggggggg 
throw out the $cdc says nbcnews 
19 sickened , including some here in california . 
on chicken salad at 
just a heads up 
rt cdc says 19 sick in costco chicken salad e coli outbreak 
i so sicken of all this ecoli scares . and war with russia and turkeys . all the killings . this world has gone over ... 
stay away from the chicken salad at costco , e coli alert warning . 
hey costco friends- if you bought the rotisserie chicken salad friday or afterward- throw it out !!! 

police hunting second fugitive involved in paris attacks 
paris attacks : manhunt on for second fugitive , french police say 
paris attacks : police hunt 9th attacker in massacre as surveillance shows 2 gunmen - 

' we cannot succumb to fear ' : u.s. , france unite against isis 
' we cannot succumb to fear ' : us , france unite against isis - 
obama , hollande to discuss paris attacks , isis threat 
obama : " we cannot succumb to fear . we share the same trust in freedom . " u.s. & france unite against isis 
obama , french president discuss paris attacks , isis threat 
obama , french president to discuss paris attacks , isis threat 
hollande's trip to washington is part of a diplomatic push to get the international … 
obama , hollande discuss paris attacks , isis threat - 
says go through 2 years of vetting before they are allowed into the country . live now 


vehicles in high humidity areas along gulf coast get top priority for repairs as govt begins massive 
takata air bag recall : honda models top priority list for repairs 
u.s. prioritizes models in takata air bag recall 


' deeply disturbed ' by video of laquan mcdonald shooting 
obama ' deeply disturbed ' by video of laquan mcdonald shooting 
' deeply disturbed ' by of laquan mcdonald shooting 
obama ' deeply disturbed ' by laquan mcdonald video 
just more dirt in the system ! 
venture a my way is deeply disturbed ? 🤔 
hillary clinton says laquan mcdonald kin deserve justice 
deeply disturbed by chicago shoot video ? why wasn't he & rahm emanuel disturbed a year ago ? switch & ditch ! 
obama ' deeply disturbed ' by video of shooting via 
there is so very wrong about how the man was gun down by a cop unarmed . i don't care what side your own , this ... 
pols like clinton & obama have created dependency to guarantee power . then fan the flames when this happens . 
the family of the black chicago teen whose videotaped killing by a white police officer … 
hillary clinton says family of laquan mcdonald deserve justice via nbcnews 
' we cannot go on like this ' : says family of deserve justice ............. 
the family of the black chicago teen whose videotaped killing by a white police officer stirred nationwide ... 
charge & garry mccarthy w/the murder of laquan mcdonald 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! hillary clinton says laquan mcdonald kin d … 

mali arrests two suspects linked to bamako hotel attack : ministry ( ( 1806 gmt ) 



rt feds announce ' sweeping ' actions against supplement makers , including arrests 

rt home abortions rise after texas law closes clinics 

know it all : wednesday's top 7 stories at nbc news 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! know it all : wednesday's top 7 stories at … 
here are some of today's top headlines .... 

why republican governors have fizzled in the 2016 presidential race 

gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race : for many republicans -- and especially for some of their presi ... 
gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race via 
this is not good , not good at all . 3 gov's out , trump in . gop governors fizzle in 2016 presidential race 

' tech tats ' use conductive ink to put a circuit on your 
rt ' tech tats ' use conductive ink to put a circuit on your 
imagine a when you can pay by scanning your bicep --> via : 
' tech tats ' put circuits on your skin with conductive ink 
tech tats , now thats a cool idea 
how to put a on your 
tech tato , a heart rate monitor , thermometer , nfc chip or other sensors easily be attached to skin 
" a heart rate monitor , thermometer , nfc chip or any number of other sensors could easily be attached " - 
resurrected ink , this sounded really cool for a brief moment . 
okay if i ever get a tattoo it will be one of these : 
who needs a smartwatch when you can have a smart tattoo ? the tech team at chaotic moon studios has made it ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ' tech tats ' put circuits on your skin with … 

know it all : friday's top 7 stories at nbc news 
here are the top stories is following this thanksgiving weekend : 
meetthepress : here are the top stories nbcnews is following this thanksgiving weekend : 
from a black friday ice storm to black friday shopping deals , here are the stories we're… 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! know it all : friday's top 7 stories at nbc … 
from a black friday ice storm to black friday shopping deals , here are the stories we're following .... 

u.s. traffic deaths leap 8 percent in early 2015 
traffic deaths up 8 percent in 2015 
" these numbers are a wake-up call " 
after steady decline , u.s. traffic deaths leap 8% in early 2015 
after steady decline , us traffic deaths leap 8 percent in early 2015 - ... 
msnbc after declining for most of the past decade , traffic deaths spiked 8 percent in the fir ... 

woman who disrupted british airways flight appears in court 

obama is doubling down on the current isis strategy . how would you change it if it was your decision ? 
obama doubles down on isis strategy after paris attacks 


hollande to press obama for more in fight against isis 
france wants u.s. to ' bring the fight to the terrorists ' 
news that is not news . all pr . 
paris attacks : obama , hollande to meet to discuss war on isis - 
u.s. to ' the to the - 
wants to ' bring the fight to the but is a pussy about it 
attacks : to meet to discuss war on - : 
msnbc : france wants u.s. to ' bring fight to the terrorists ' 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! france wants u.s. to ' bring the fight to t … 
wants to ' bring the fight to the terrorists ' : via 
update : france wants u.s. to ‘ bring the fight to the terrorists ’ 
scouting france wants u.s. to ' bring fight to the terrorists ' thoughts ? 
dtn usa : france wants u.s. to ' bring fight to the terrorists ' : president barack obama and french president fra ... 
france wants u.s. to ‘ bring fight to the terrorists ’ 

to u.s. mass shooting victims , the paris attacks are sadly familiar 
“ to u.s. mass shooting victims , the paris attacks are sadly familiar ” 
rt nbcnews " to u.s. mass shooting victims , the paris attacks are sadly familiar " 

why do people keep posting that these horrors are not being reported by the major news media ... 
rt suicide bombing blamed on boko haram extremists kills 32 , wounds around 80 at truck stop in northeastern nigeria . https … 
boko haram blast at truck stop kills 32 , wounds dozens 
boko haram blast at truck stop kills 32 in nigeria 
boko haram blast at truck stop kills 32 , wounds dozens via 
bigger threat than isis ... blast at truck stop kills 32 , wounds dozens via nbcnews 
rt suicide bombing by boko haram killed 32 and wounded 80 this week in nigeria 

clinton : calling immigrants ' illegal ' was ' poor choice of words ' - 
doesn't realize people have broken the law . 2016 
calling ' illegal ' was ' poor choice of words ' 
at what point did american politics have to start cowering to non citizens . 
democratic front-runner hillary clinton admitted tuesday that her recent use of the term " illegal immigrants " was ... 
it is dedicated to lady gaga clinton : calling immigrants ' illegal ' was ' poor choice of wo … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! clinton : calling immigrants ' illegal ' was … 
clinton : calling immigrants ' illegal ' was ' poor choice of … 
poor choice ? it's what they are when they did not get her legally ... opposite of legal is illegal via nbcnews 
clinton : calling immigrants ‘ illegal ’ was ‘ poor choice of words ’ 
democratic front-runner hillary clinton admitted tuesday that her recent use of the term “ illegal immigrants ” was ... 
this is absurd : clinton regrets calling illegal immigrants illegal immigrants . via 

video : community holds thanksgiving vigil in nebraska via 
refugees who fled isis thankful on most american of holidays 
refugees thankful for deliverance on most american of holidays 
if u don't feel this in your heart your not human . > refugees thankful 4 deliverance on most american of holidays > 
refugees are thankful and have become valuable citizens . a conflict to continue solving . 
yazidis in us grateful this thanksgiving day to have escaped isis via 
the pilgrims landed on the rock as what ? don't forget . i'm sure native americans won't . 
" so on thanksgiving i am thankful that we are alive and that we made it here . we will thank … 
refugees from isis celebrate us thanksgiving . 
your msm propaganda / thankful for deliverance on most american of holidays 
yazidis in u.s. grateful this thanksgiving for escaping isis 
" i am thankful that we are alive and that we made it here . " on yazidi refugees in lincoln , nebraska . 
a new generation of american immigrants - those who fled isis - share a special thanksgiving from 
refugees now settled in u.s. think of family trapped in syria & iraq , are thankful on the most american of holidays 
rt wow look at these syrian refugees and the problems they'll bring republicans are the real terro … 
wow look at these syrian refugees and the problems they'll bring republicans are the real terrorists ! 
refugees thankful seriously doubt whether they have given up customs and accepted american thanksgiving that fast . 
refugees thankful ... on most american of holidays via what nonsense . to be expected from media . 
people who see as old traditions & not as truebelievers likely safe & sane 
yazidis in us grateful this thanksgiving for escaping isis - 

teenaged boy dies of ebola in liberia 
rt sad news : teenaged boy dies of ebola in liberia 
rt teenaged boy dies of ebola in liberia 
teenaged boy dies of in ( via news ) 
rt teenaged boy dies of in ( via news ) 
a 15-year-old boy has died of ebola in liberia , the first death since the summer in a country that thought itself ... 

sighted but still missing : the 21 year search for renee lamanna 
find renee : 
spotted but still missing ... the 21 year search for renee lamanna . have you seen her ? 
fascinating but sad story of a woman with dissociative disorder missing 21yrs . speaks 5 lang . but essentially lost 
renee lamanna story hits home for me . like renee's family i haven't seen my mom cloudia leslie wells missing for ... 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching ( msnbc ) ( 2202 gmt ) 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching ( msnbc ) ( 1938 gmt ) 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching ( msnbc ) ( 1659 gmt ) 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching ( msnbc ) ( 1440 gmt ) 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching : dozens of sightings over the past two decades ... 

why spat won't start | 
why downing of russian jet won't start world war iii 
violating airspace does not invoke article 5 - on implications of shootdown : 
analysis : why russia-turkey spat won't start world war iii 
why downing of russian jet won't start via 
will downing of russian jet really start world war iii ? 
phew ! why downing of the russian fighter plane won't start world war iii via nbcnews 
turkey shot down a russian plane on tuesday . 
you know things are tense when nbc is assuring people that world war iii isn’t imminent . 
update : why downing of russian jet won’t start world war iii 

feds crack down on not-so-hot tamales at airport : 
the strangest thing you've heard all morning : " i felt a great disturbance in the force ... as if hundreds of ... 
feds crack down on tamales at airport via he was probably taking orders for his friends across the border . 
they were frightened by the pork tamales or trying smuggle them .. 
look omg 

paris attacks prompt renewed calls for tougher isis strategy - nbc news 
here\'s how to win the fight against isis : experts 

paul walker's dad sues porsche over fatal crash 
" paul walker's father files wrongful death suit .. " 
paul walker's father files wrongful death lawsuit against porsche over fatal crash . 
paul walker's father files wrongful death suit against porsche over fatal crash via 
the " fast & furious " star died on nov . 30 , 2013 , when the 2005 porsche carrera gt he was … 
update : paul walker’s dad sues porsche over fatal crash 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! paul walker's dad sues porsche over fatal … 
the " fast & furious " star died on nov . 30 , 2013 , when the 2005 porsche carrera gt he was riding in plowed into a ... 
paul walker's dad sues porsche over actor's fatal crash 
rt " paul walker's father files wrongful death suit .. … 
paul walker’s dad sues porsche over actor’s fatal crash 
the “ fast & furious ” star died on nov . 30 , 2013 , when the 2005 porsche carrera gt he was riding in plowed into a ... 

rt rams ' stedman bailey " critical but stable " after reportedly being shot twice in the head . … 
rams statement : stedman bailey in “ critical , but stable , condition ” 
rams statement : stedman bailey in “ critical , but stable , condition ” via 
rt rams statement : stedman bailey in critical , but stable , condition 
rams wideout critical after being shot twice in head 
rams statement : stedman bailey in & but stable , condition & 

campaign aims to challenge asian-american stereotypes 
" primarily a social media and online campaign , aims to challenge the mischaracterization that all ... 


rt watch a jilted bride destroy her wedding dress 

rt obama criticizes anti-refugee crowd for being " scared of widows and 3-year-old orphans " … 

mastermind visited scenes of paris terror attacks : official 
paris ringleader visited terror scenes after attacks , prosecutor says - 
paris ringleader visited terror scenes after attacks via 
bot4auto : vist- ringleader visited terror scenes after attacks , prosecutor says - … 
vist- ringleader visited terror scenes after attacks , prosecutor says - nbcnew … 
paris ringleader visited terror scenes after attacks ,… 
ringleader visited scenes of paris terror attacks : official 
rt prosecutor : after participating in suspected ringleader returned to scenes . http … 

rt amazon will offer holiday deals every 5 minutes 

greek islands see ' drastic decrease ' in arrivals of migrants and ... 
greek islands see ' drastic decrease ' in migrant arrivals 
rt pesonaindon greek islands see ' drastic decrease ' in arrivals of migrants and ... 
the number of refugees and migrants arriving on greece islands dropped drastically over the weekend , officials ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! greek islands see ' drastic decrease ' in mi … 
greek islands see ‘ drastic decrease ’ in migrant arrivals 

gay student in china sues over textbooks ' claims that homosexuality is disease via 
gay student sues over textbooks ' claims that homosexuality is disease 
student sues over textbooks ' claims on homosexuality 
chinese textbooks claim homosexuality is disease ; student sues 
china . maybe this'd work in tex " gay student sues that over textbooks ' claims homosexuality is disease " via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! student sues over textbooks ' claims on hom … 
qiu bai , 20 , raised the issue two years ago as a curious freshman looking through medical … 
qiu bai , 20 , raised the issue two years ago as a curious freshman looking through medical textbooks for answers ... 
student sues over textbooks ’ claims on homosexuality 

cellphone with \'let\'s go\' text message recovered : report 

osu campus tradition faces ax after student's death 
annual campus tradition , carried out ahead of ohio state-michigan football game , faces ban after student's death . 
campus tradition , done before ohio state-michigan game , faces ban after student's death 
ohio state university campus tradition faces ban after fatality 
rt ohio state university campus tradition faces ban after fatality - 
annual campus tradition , carried out ahead of ohio state-michigan football game , faces ban after student's d … 
nbcnightlynews : annual campus tradition , carried out ahead of ohio state-michigan football game , faces ban after s … 
annual campus tradition , carried out ahead of ohio state-michigan football game , fac … 

sad in rural via 
man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old gabriella doolin 
man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old girl in ky . 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of gabriella doolin , 7 via 
my god : 
kentucky man could face death in rape & murder of 7-year-old 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old ( msnbc ) ( 1911 gmt ) 
thug smh 
kentucky man could face death in rape and murder of 7 yr old girl . via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! man could face death in rape , murder of 7- … 
it is dedicated to lady gaga man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old girl in k … 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old ( msnbc ) ( 1532 gmt ) 
timothy wayne madden was held on $1 million bail monday and could face the death sentence .... 
kentucky man charged in killing of 7-year-old gabriella doolin could face death penalty . 

roman polanski definitely won't be extradited to u.s. 
polish court denies extradition of roman polanski to us over 1977 child sex conviction . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! roman polanski definitely won't be extradi … 
a polish court's decision to deny the extradition of film-maker roman polanski to the united states over a 1977 ... 
roman polanski definitely won't be extradited to us - 
roman polanski definitely won’t be extradited to u.s. 
a polish court’s decision to deny the extradition of film-maker roman polanski to the united states over a 1977 ... 

bedtime for bonzo : the u.s. government's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring 

isis dug network of tunnels under conquered city 
rt is tunnels under sinjar show how well prepared the group has been for airstrike-heavy intervention 
rt isis built network under city , with sleeping quarters , electricity and us-made ammunition . http … 
isis dug network of tunnels under conquered iraqi city of sinjar : 
isis built tunnel network under city , with sleeping quarters , electricity , us-made ammunition 
munitios in tunnels in . weapon sellers must know where they end up 
rt irbil , iraq — under the iraqi town of sinjar , islamic state group militants built a network of tunnels , complete ... … 
the longer that takes the more tunnels theyll be 
rt dug network of tunnels under conquered iraqi city of sinjar 
" they had boxes of us-made ammunition , medicines " ... 

thanksgiving treat : gas prices are lowest in 7 years 
good news for 46.9 mil traveling . mt gas prices are the lowest in 7 years 
the gift that keeps on giving ... gas prices ! prices are lowest in 7 years : 
traveling for thanksgiving ? gas prices will be the lowest in seven years . 
42 million hit road with gas cheapest since 2008 - 
89% of the ~ 46m travelers will take to the roads , benefiting from an avg $2.20 /gal in 7yrs 
about ready to make that dreaded for the holiday ? then it's great news that gas prices ... 
msnbc here's something to be thankful for : the average price of gas this thanksgiving week is ... 
here's something to be thankful for : the average price of gas this thanksgiving week is the … 
here's something to be thankful for : the average price of gas this thanksgiving week is the lowest it's been in ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! thanksgiving treat : gas prices are lowest … 

rt last known ebola patient , a baby girl named nubia , has recovered 

carson aides admit candidate needs work on foreign policy 

pope presses case for dignified housing in nairobi 
pope francis visits nairobi slum , pushes the three ' ls ' - 
francis has called " dignified living conditions " a basic human right . he visited kangemi , one o .. 
pope francis visits slum , pushes the three ' ls ' via 
pope presses case for dignified housing in visit to nairobi slum - 
visits slum , pushes the three ' ls ' via nbcnews 🙏🏻 
francis has called " dignified living conditions " a basic human right . he visited kangemi … 
pope presses case for dignified housing in visit to nairobi … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! pope presses case for dignified housing in … 
tobe news pope presses case for dignified housing in visit to nairobi s ... 


rt murder charges for seven people in a cultic new york church that beat a teenager to death for … 
murder charges for seven people in a cultic new york church that beat a teenager to death for wanting to leave . 
religion is dangerous stuff . 
pastor among 8 indicted in fatal new york church beating - 
pastor among 8 indicted in fatal new york church beating via 
the hell wrong with people ??? smh 
the pastor of an new york church where a young man was beaten to death and his brother seriously injured was ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! pastor among 8 indicted in fatal new york … 

clinton says taking in refugees is ' who we are as americans ' 
taking in refugees is ' who we are as americans ' via 

behind enemy lines : downed pilot survives 12 hours in rebel territory 
pilot of downed jet survives 12-hour ordeal in rebel territory 
russia says fighter pilot , shot down over syria-turkey border , was rescued after 12-hour operation . 
deep fry the turks 
\'debt to pay\': surviving pilot of downed jet speaks out 
only this time turks have had it with the russians ' previous incursions ? via 
shot down russian pilot speaks out . 
russian pilot safe after jet shot down on syria-turkey border - 
update : ‘ debt to pay ’ : surviving pilot of downed jet speaks out 
rt pilot of downed russian jet rescued after 12-hour ordeal in rebel territory 
rescued russian pilot speaks out , says he didn't violate turkish airspace or receive warnings before plane was shot . 


german police shut down soccer game , evacuate stadiums 

rt french cops target terror suspects in raid ; 1 dead , 5 arrested … 

efforts continue to find the right balance between treatment and diagnosis . 

rt 40 years after resettlement , thousands of refugees face deportation 
launched a new digital art exhibition to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the h-1b visa . 
forty years after resettlement , thousands of southeast asian refugees face ... - 
40 after resettlement , 1000s of southeast asian refugees face deportation from the us via 
40 years after resettlement , thousands of refugees face deportation comment please ? 
as the world grapples with its response to the syrian refugee crisis , the question of what to do with another ... 
when taking refuge in another country for 40+ years , how do you face deportation ? prof bill hong comments 
go 1love movement ! 
rt 13,000 cambodian , vietnamese , and laotian americans have been served deportation orders in past 20 yrs … 
mia-lia boua kiernan : " how many times in one lifetime can you be displaced ? " 
. forty years after resettlement , thousands of face via 
of 2 mln immig deported by obama , 47% were booted cuz of traffic violations . via 
incredible 
13,000 cambodian , vietnamese , and laotian americans have been served deportation orders in past 20 yrs via 
' how many times can you be displaced ? ' 40 yrs after resettlement , thousands of se asian refugees face deportation 
40 years after resettlement , refugees fear deportation 
retweeted advancingjustice|chi ( forty years after resettlement , thousands of southeast asian ... 
forty years after resettlement in america , thousands of southeast asian refugees face deportation 
over the past two decades , more than 13,000 southeast asian refugees in the u.s. have been served deportation orders 
after 40 years of resettlement , southeast asian refugees are being deported : 
40 years after resettlement , thousands of face deportation via 
rt my first for 40 yrs after resettlement , thousands of sea refugees face deportation … 
40yrs after resettlement , thousands of sea refugees face deportation via 
more than 13,000 southeast asians have been served deportation orders — 
my first for 40 yrs after resettlement , thousands of sea refugees face deportation via 
obama's makes room for more isis 40 years after resettlement , thousands of southeast asian refugees face deportation 
" although deportation is largely seen as an issue affecting immigrants who are undocumented , legal permanent ... 


hackers are using fake emails to spread via 
are using fake terror alert emails to spread 
fake terror alert emails used by in canada , middle east . 
hackers use fake terror alert emails to spread malware 
fake terror alert emails used by hackers in canada , middle east - 
consumer alert : fake terror alert emails are being used to spread malware 
fake alert used by in canada , middle east . 
new are using the recent terrorist attacks to steal info , watch out for like this : 
consumer alert : while warning of terror attacks , the emails sent by the hackers promise tips on how to stay safe . 
fake alert emails used by in canada & middle east spreads 
with terrorism dominating the news , hackers are trying to exploit people's fears by posing as dubai law ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! hackers use fake terror alert emails to sp … 
fake terror alert emails used to spread malware in canada , middle east via 
fake terror alerts used by hackers in canada , middle east 

carson down , cruz up in new iowa poll 
carson down , cruz up in new iowa poll via 
carson down , cruz up in new iowa poll : ted cruz has surged into a statistical tie ... via . 
update : carson down , cruz up in new iowa poll 
ted cruz has surged into a statistical tie with donald trump at the top of the gop pack , be sociable , share !... 


ted cruz to obama : say it to my face : 
ted cruz to obama : ' insult me to my face ' 
rt ted cruz to obama💬 👉🏼 " say it to my face " 💥boom💥👍🏼 https : … 
rt call you out 
ted cruz to obama : ' insult me to my face ' here's that story : this makes me laugh ... 
rt ted cruz to obama : say it 2 my face via call out the bully ! ur response 
i would love to insult you to your face ted 
i second request that insult him to his face . in fact i'd like to as well . 
is this challenging the prez to a fight ? to obama : say it to my face 
ted cruz bitch slaps potus . 
rt poor turd cruz is butthurt because he's been called out for his idiocy . cruz to obama : say it to my face … 
watch challenge obama . 
rt i find this hilarious specifically because i think * anyone * would jump at the chance to insult ted cruz to his face … 
where's yer face ya lying 1%-owned chicken-shit hypocrite who thinks he's still a high school bully . 
holy shit man ted cruz getting all " sup brah ? say that shit to my face brah ! " i guess they gotta try and ... 
and oh yeah--you'll never be to obama : say it to my face via 
and .... what said about you is true ! to obama : say it to my face via 
wahh whahh you bully . you insult all the time ! to obama : say it to my face via 
amazed by the left , cruz stands up to obama's nonsense and all they say " is this a schoolyard " 
effectively tells obama " bitch , come say that to my face ! " 
america needs luther now more than ever . please ? 
" dare you say that to my face !!! " that age-old come back of insolent 5th graders , invoked by gop presidential ... 
this makes me want to insult ted cruz to his face , but he'll likely stay far away from philly since he's a weakling . 
ted cruz went full alex riley . 
ted cruz don't want none . president obama isn't up for reelection and has no fucks to give . 
answer ? " i know some minor candidates would be thrilled to seem relevant . next question . " 
when , ’ you ain’t gon say it to my face ’ becomes a political tactic . 
i'm pretty sure could beat the shit out of 
ted cruz to obama via nbcnews 

buyers beware : ice storm poses black friday threat 
ice storm , flooding risk threatens and thanksgiving weekend : 
ice storm , flooding risk threatens black friday and thanksgiving weekend 
this might happen here in d.c. 
😲 black friday store hours ; sales already started - asbury park press 😲 😨 
msnbc all told , almost 13 million people were under winter storm , winter weather or ice storm ... 
all told , almost 13 million people were under winter storm , winter weather or ice storm … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! buyers beware : ice storm poses black frida … 
all told , almost 13 million people were under winter storm , winter weather or ice storm warnings , and conditions ... 

' star wars ' marketing campaign is out in full force 
rajmcj203 : rt nbcnews : ' star wars ' marketing campaign is out in full force 

brothers brighten hospital room for girl fighting cancer 
ucla frat brothers bring smiles to girl fighting cancer 
frat brothers brighten hospital stay for girl fighting cancer via 
a more detailed story on about the amazing lexi brown . 
frat brothers brighten hospital room for lexi brown , little girl fighting cancer - nbc news 
not even chiliheads 
lexi brown , a 12-year-old with cancer in her lungs , has inspired thousands . now some unlikely people are helping ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ucla frat brothers bring smiles to girl fi … 
my niece , who is fighting cancer , has now made the national news ! 
thanks for sharing that brothers can do some good ! 
" frat brothers brighten lexi brown's hospital room , little girl fighting cancer " 

homeless felon caught with submachine guns , ammo 
homeless armed with wwii weapons . you can't make that up . 
thanks america where homeless felons can be caught with submachine guns , ammo : cops via 
homeless felon had submachine guns at la-area encampment : cops - 
thank god he wasn't syrian , or muslim . homeless felon had submachine guns at l . a . -area encampment . 
homeless felon caught with ' wwii fully auto ' submachine guns , ammo : 
homeless felon had submachine guns at l . a . -area encampment : cops 
richard cunningham , 59 , was arrested for " numerous weapons violations " after the officers … 
richard cunningham , 59 , was arrested for " numerous weapons violations " after the officers discovered the guns in ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! homeless felon caught with submachine guns … 

italian police seize close to 800 shotguns bound for from today 
rome italian police seized almost 800 shotguns bound for ... 
rt breaking : italian police seize close to 800 shotguns bound for belgium from today - … 
800 belgium-bound shotguns seized by italian police 
seized almost 800 shotguns bound for from 
800 shotguns seized by italian police : official via 
truck from turkey seized in italy with 800 illegal shotguns bound for belgium 
rt breaking : italian police seize close to 800 shotguns bound for belgium from today - … 
rt 800 shotguns seized by italian police : official 
800 from seized by : official . involved again ??? 

why your family really needs that puppy 
why your family really needs that via 
rt researchers : study shows children who live with a dog score lower on anxiety measures . https://… 
study shows that children with grow up with less 
another great reason to get a puppy for your kids ! 
here's a reason to get a puppy : kids with pets have less anxiety 
kids with pets have lower anxiety , a new study shows . works for grown-ups too , btw : 
why you really ought to get a puppy ... it's healthy for kids ! 
i think we've all known this but science finally proves it ... 
get a puppy , it will make your kids happy and make you believe any old study . 
retweeted john dickerson ( get a puppy , it will make your kids happy and make you believe any old ... 
can pet dogs make kids less anxious ? 
rt smallfluffydogs 
rt dogs are good for you ! get one of your own at 

watch live : pope francis arrives in nairobi , kenya via 
pope francis arrives at kenya's jomo kenyatta airport and transfers to welcome ceremony at nairobi's state house 

say no new threat | nbc new york vía 
new isis video shows nyc , officials say no new threat 
isis video shows nyc footage , officials say no new threat 
isis video shows nyc footage , officials say no new threat ( msnbc ) ( 2038 gmt ) 
isis propaganda video shows shots of times square ; officials say no new threat | nbc new york via 

rt boko haram blast at truck stop kills 32 , wounds dozens in nigeria 


citing terror threats , state dept issues worldwide travel alert 
please be careful traveling this week ! 
state department issues worldwide travel alert : 
citing terror threats , state department issues worldwide travel alert 
the us state department on monday issued a worldwide alert for citizens . the alert expires feb . 24 
i guess has no enemies 
worldwide travel alert issued by the over possible risk of travel due to increased terrorism threats . >>> 
citing threats , state department issues worldwide alert via 
🇺🇸 issues worldwide 🌎🌍🌏 travel alert ✈️ via nbcnews 
citing terror threats , issues worldwide 
as isis sucks us into more war , the best " victory " we can ever hope to get is a pyrrhic victory . 

rt tech industry not budging as officials push anti-encryption after paris attacks 


rt honda models top priority list for repairs in massive takata air bag recall 

find out why workmen are digging hole in vatican wall 

john stamos sentenced to 3 years ' probation in dui case 
no one is above the law .. 
john stamos pleaded no contest to dui charges and was sentenced to 3 years probation and mandatory aa meetings ... 
john stamos sentenced to three years ' probation in dui case - 
stamos was arrested june 12 on suspicion of driving under the influence , after witnesses reported he was ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! john stamos sentenced to 3 years ' probatio … 
john stamos sentenced to 3 years ’ probation in dui case 
web dsign 
vist- stamos sentenced to three years ' probation in dui case - 
entertainment news trending tonight sentenced in dui case via 


wwiii trends as putin decries turkey's ' stab in the back ' : 
wwiii trends as putin decries turkey’s ‘ stab in the back ’ : 
' world war iii' ???... 
trends on twitter as putin decries turkey's ' stab in the back ' 
trends as putin decries turkey's ' stab in the back ' via nbcnews 
world war iii trends on twitter as putin decries turkey's ' stab in the back ' -via 
world war iii trends on twitter as putin decries turkey's ' stab in the back ' - nbc news 
wwiii trends on twitter as putin decries turkey's ' stab in the back ' via 
i agree , this is not if russia wants to eat . 
putin decries turkey's ' stab in the back ' | msnbc 
rt trends on twitter as putin decries turkey's ' stab in the back ' 
its coming ' world war iii ' trends online ... 
goes through the diplomatic motions before going medieval on 
putin's military likes to violate airspaces . they finally got burned : 
rt trending as putin is outraged over turkey's ' stab in the back ' 
trends as putin decries in the back ' via & now join fight against 
rt ' iii ' trends 
the dawn of cold war . 

rainy , snowy , icy thanksgiving for much of u.s. 
' little bit of everything ' : rainy , snowy , icy thanksgiving for much of us - 
where ever you are , enjoy the day off ! 
thanksgiving weather !! 😱😱😱 :) ... " ice could make travel especially treacherous across the central part of the countr … 
most of the u.s. will wake up to a rainy , snowy , icy thanksgiving 
' little bit of everything ' : rainy , snowy , icy thanksgiving … 
' little bit of everything ' : rainy , snowy , icy thanksgiving for much … 
vist- bit of everything ' : rainy , snowy , icy thanksgiving for much of us - nbcnew … 
most of the country will wake up to a messy mix of rain , snow , ice or any combination of … 

an american missing in paris ? family searching for austin taylor - nbc news 

rugby\'s first global superstar dies at 40 

lawyer says mcdonald family relieved after charges brought 
mcdonald family relieved after cop charged : lawyer 
while laquan mcdonald's family opposed the release of dashcam video showing his death , " " now the whole world ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! lawyer says mcdonald family relieved after … 

fresh voices : researchers grow new vocal cords from cells 
for those of you concerned about damaging your vocal cords , good news ! maybe in the future you'll be able to ... 
could we all be opera singers one day ? scientists grow new vocal cords from a few cells . 
imagine the future of this ? ruined your vocal cords -- just grow some new ones !!! 
researchers figure out how to grow new vocal cords 
researchers may have found a way to regrow vocal cords from cells . 
researchers grow new vocal cords from cells . ⁰ 
this is amazing !! researchers grow new vocal cords from cells via 
breakthrough : researchers grow new vocal cords from cells - via salinas valley memorial healthcare system .... 
researches grow new vocal cords . 
researchers figured out how to grow new vocal cords 
new approach to tissue engineering : researchers grow new vocal cords from cells via 
ewwww but yay , i guess ? : growing new vocal cord tissue from cells ( via nbc news ) 
a new approach to tissue engineering - vocal folds grown from cells 

hawaii supreme court temporarily suspends construction permit ( via 

your thanksgiving travel is about to get more intense 
thanksgiving travelers face intense security amid terror threat - 
be aware , stay calm , and prepare to take more time . 
travelers face intense security amid terror threat via 
your travel is about to get more intense - 
" travelers face intense amid threat " americans trying to get out of town ... 
rt travelers face intense security amid terror threat : | joins with more … 
travelers face intense security amid terror threat : | joins with more 1pe 
rt travel : intense screenings , longer lines and a scary global warning 
turkey day travelers face intense security 
rt travel : more intense screening , longer lines and a scary global warning … 
- thanksgiving travelers face intense amid threat 

lowered her risk by 90% -> charlie sheen's girlfriend says a pill kept her safe from hiv 
charlie sheen's lovers stopped hiv with a pill . cdc says you can , too 
we have a pill that prevents hiv . but it " isn't reaching many people who could benefit from it " says cdc director 
nurse amanda bruce says a pill kept her safe while she dated charlie sheen 
ex-lover says a pill kept her safe while she dated sheen 
rt charlie sheen’s ex , amanda bruce , used a pill to prevent hiv . the cdc says many americans don’t know about ... … 
rt amanda bruce : yes i slept with charlie sheen but here's why i didn't get hiv 
nurse says a pill kept her safe from while she dated 
rt charlie sheen's lovers stopped hiv with a pill . cdc says you can , too 
rt prevention : learn about used by a woman dating charlie sheen contact us for more … 
prevention : learn about used by a woman dating charlie sheen contact us for more info ... 
prep does work , protect yourself and be prepared to stay hiv negative and prevent hiv transmission :) 
a surprisingly well-done article on use by a woman dating charlie sheen 
partners used to prevent contracting 
charlie sheen's lovers stopped hiv with a pill ; the cdc says you can too 
prep getting the press it needs : charlie sheen's lovers stopped hiv with a pill . via 
transmission stopped with a pill ? cdc says yes via 
rt who would have thought charlie sheen might help raise awareness about prep to prevent https : … 
rt pre-exposure prophylaxis with truvada 90% effective in preventing hiv transmission via nbcnews 
rt 40k new hiv infections/ year in u.s. , could reduce this but few know about it via nbcn … 
it's too expensive for the average patient . 
so instead of reducing promiscuity and eliminating drugs we teach our children " just buy a magic pill " ? 

after 16 years prison , dna clears convict of sex crimes 
after 16 years in prison , dna clears convict of sex crimes - nbc southern california 
dna clears california man after 16 years in prison 
after 16 years in prison , dna clears convict of sex crimes woah , big fuck up . this is so wrong 
congrats to the california innocence project for exonerating luis vargas of 3 rapes after 16 years , based on dna ... 
after 16 years of a crime he didn't commit , luis vargas is finally free ! 
after 16 years in prison dna clears convict's sex crimes | nbc southern california via 
todayshow : dna clears california man after 16 years in prison : 
dna has freed a california man after 16 years in prison for sexual assaults he didn't commit … 



check out this 7 tools for the perfect via 
turkey 7 tools for the perfect 
want to cook the perfect turkey for thanksgiving ? you need thanksgiving turkey tech : 
tech : 7 tools for the perfect 

extraterrestrial turkey : here's how astronauts spend thanksgiving - 
space turkey ! here's how spend when in orbit via 
today on astronauts spend thanksgiving in an unconventional way . -hf 
e.t. turkey : how astronauts spend thanksgiving in space - 
e.t. turkey : here's how astronauts spend thanksgiving 
happy thanksgiving , 250 miles above earth ! what astronauts on the are eating today : 
here's how astronauts spend their thanksgiving . 

new york city mayor vows won't be intimidated by isis threats 
new york city mayor vows people won't be intimidated by isis threats 
nyc mayor vows city won't be initimidated by isis threats 

consumer group releases \'worst toys\' list 
dinosaur claws , folding trampoline top group's ' worst toys ' list 
the worst toys ! usually , there ar some good things on the list , and some goofy ones . what do you think ?... 

2,000 contract airport workers go on strike at seven u.s. hubs 

new : alert issued for man believed to have traveled to paris with suspected ringleader . 
belgium arrests four paris accomplices , seeks fifth 
says it arrested four paris accomplices and is seeking a fifth - 
i've heard about this : 
france indicts 124 in wake of paris attacks : official 
belgium says it arrested four paris accomplices and is seeking a fifth vía 
124 indicted in wake of paris attacks , french minister says 
france indicts 124 , detains 165 in wake of paris attacks : official 
security officials have also conducted 1,233 searches and seized close to 200 weapons … 
security officials have also conducted 1,233 searches and seized close to 200 weapons , france's interior minister ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! 124 indicted in wake of paris attacks , fre … 

rt paris attacks : police hunt 9th attacker in massacre as surveillance shows 2 gunmen - … 

rt ceo announces defense operations center 
announces cyber defense operations center . 
microsoft ceo announces cyber defense operations center 
to date , 160 million customer records have been compromised , according to microsoft ... 
it takes on average 229 days to detect a hack . microsoft is making changes are you ? 
speaking in the nation’s capital on tuesday morning , microsoft ceo satya nadella said that “ 2015 has been a tough ... 

rt gunfire & explosions rock during anti-terror raids . story : … 

" i've seen this grand awakening in an industry that's traditionally shunned security technology . " 
a priority for hollywood one year after 
a priority for one year after hack - nbc news 
is 1 of our specialities & always a priority for 
a priority for one year after sony hack 
sony hack : cyber a hollywood priority one year later 
cybersecurity a priority for hollywood , a year after sony hack via : & 
msnbc a year ago sony suffered a major hack that prompted a string of events that seemed wort ... 
if hollywood is doing it , it is bound to become trendy ! your data is just as important as theirs . 

colorado woman killed in arizona skydiving accident 
skydiving student killed in weekend accident in arizona 
skydiving student killed in weekend in arizona 
skydiving student in weekend accident in arizona 
skydiving student killed in arizona weekend accident ( msnbc ) ( 1617 gmt ) 
last-second turbulence was blamed for sending a tandem skydiving team plunging into the … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! colorado woman killed in arizona skydiving … 
last-second turbulence was blamed for sending a tandem skydiving team plunging into the ground , killing a ... 


rt hawaii supreme court suspends giant telescope permit 

rt photos : signs winter is fast approaching , today in pictures 

stealing from the elderly is the new low . 
woman charged with stealing $ 100,000 from bingo games : 
woman charged with stealing $ 100,000 from bingo games | nbc 6 south florida via 
woman accused of skimming $100k from charity bingo games ( msnbc ) ( 0358 gmt ) 
woman accused of skimming $100k from charity bingo games : authorities say a florida panhandle woman stol ... 

video purportedly shows attack accomplice's hotel room 


had role in anti-obesity group , emails show 
ap : emails show influence of coca-cola funding on non-profit anti-obesity group via 
i thought coke made you skinny . 
coke had role in non-profit anti-obesity group , emails show via 
coke influenced an ' obesity ' group it funded . 
msnbc a nonprofit founded to combat obesity says the $1.5 million it received from coke has n ... 

bullets fly during high-speed police chase 
dashcam video shows bullets shattering a nebraska state patrol cruiser's windshield during a … 
dashcam video shows bullets shattering a nebraska state patrol cruiser's windshield during a high-speed chase in ... 
bullets fly in omaha police chase 
bullets fly in omaha police chase : newly released dashcam video shows bullets shatter nebraska state patrol cr ... 

stupid 2 blame a 12-yr-old tv ep for recent bullying . bullying is bad , but didn't invent ginger-bullying . 
school officials in melrose , massachusetts , denounce ' south park'-inspired ... 
\'south park\' episode blamed for violent bullying 
imitating attacking redheads bad . imitating attack latinos blacks & muslims ok 
school denounces south park-inspired bullying 
‘ south park ’ episode blamed for violent bullying 
students at a massachusetts school could face disciplinary action following a bullying incident that officials ... 
yeah sure blame for bullying . not the dumb ass parents who are bad at being parents . 



what can anonymous really do to isis ? 
rt cyber war : what can anonymous really do to isis ? 
cyber war : what can anonymous really do to isis ? - nbc news 
anything that anyone can do to prevent things like this happening again has my support . if only humans could ... 
beware of geeks ... bearing grudges . 
anonymous can defeat isis by seizing their bank accounts and counter their social media attempts . via 
what can really do to 
the new kind of vigilante justice : the cyber war between hacker group anonymous and isis . 
rt what can really do to 
so what can anonymous do to fight isis online , anyway ? 
one shadowy modern day guerrilla organization , anonymous , threatens another , isis/daesh . the guy fawkes maskers ... 
it would be cool if anonymous stole all of isis's money and plunked it into needy , college debtor's accounts . :) 
" when they go recruit , they're hugely dependent on their online presence , " sander said of isis . " if anonymous ... 
lesamitchell : a group people hated might be become popular if they take down isis nothing like doing good to chan … 
a group people hated might be become popular if they take down isis nothing like doing good to change hearts 
bring daesh down ! 
simple bomb and shoot is not going to work . need expert hacking community to negate isis recruiting 

french police ask for help identifying suicide bomber 


rt " don't rush to judgment on syria refugees resettling in the u.s. " … 
kerry : don't rush to judgment on syrian refugees '" we have a very capable ability " to vet any migrants coming ... 
rt kerry must resign !!! john kerry : don't rush to judgment on syrian refugees via 
rt sec . kerry : don't rush to judgment on resettling in the u.s. 

everything you need to know before buying a new tv 
black friday brief : what you need to know before buying a new tv 
read this guide before you head out to buy a new on 
msnbc buying a tv is no longer just choosing how big a screen you want . here's a rundown of t ... 
buying a tv is no longer just choosing how big a screen you want . here's a rundown of the latest features and ... 
buying a tv is no longer just choosing how big a screen you want . here's a rundown of the … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! everything you need to know before buying … 

rt cdc sees ' alarming ' increase in sexually transmitted diseases 

sister of woman in paris terror cell speaks out 
sister of woman in paris terror cell calls her ' sad ' 
they've changed too many details in this story . journalists are after the almighty dollar not the truth . 
' she was sad in her life ' : sister of woman in paris terror cell speaks out 
continue reading 
nbc news 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! sister of woman in paris terror cell calls … 
sister of woman in paris terror cell calls her ‘ sad ’ 

pres . obama cites min yasui in ceremony awarding medal of freedom 
obama honoring spielberg , streisand and more with medal of freedom - 
obama honors 17 with nation\'s highest civilian honor 
sen. barbara mikulski and barbra streisand among the list of recipients that received the medal of freedom 
" obama honors spielberg , streisand and more with medal of freedom " 
obama honors 17 with nation’s highest civilian honor 
the medal is the nation’s highest civilian honor . yogi berra is among those who will be awarded the honor ... 
obama honors spielberg , streisand and more with medal of freedom - nbcnew ... 
obama honors 17 with medal of freedom via 
another puzzling connection to the warning from 1928 dod war departments immigration manual . why are most of ... 
n times , good to remember there r 
while burns ... 
. honors & baseball's and with medal of ... 
obama honoring spielberg , streisand and more with medal of … 


brussels on lockdown : terror alert extended for week 
1.9 m in europe's capital told alert won't end for week - 
paris attacks investigation continues as belgium remains on lockdown 
update : 1.9 m in europe’s capital told alert won’t end for week 
1.9 m in europe's capital told lockdown won't end for week 
on lockdown : alert for week - 
european officials were working feverishly on numerous fronts tuesday to stave off potential … 
1.9 m in europe's capital told won't end for week via 
update : 1.9 m in europe’s capital told lockdown won’t end for week 

isis has a magazine . glossy , 65 pages and full of terrorist info . 
rt isis has a magazine . glossy , 65 pages and full of terrorist info . … 
rt here's what we learned by reading the new edition of the isis magazine … 


cdc sees ' alarming ' increase in sexually transmitted diseases : 
the moral of the story remains the same folks , if you wanna hump'em many many rubber wrap your willy ! 
jody wheeler : " there’s been a lot of talk lately about the rising std rates . many people and press have linked ... 
cdc sees ' alarming ' increase in sexually transmitted diseases see ? my std paranoia is justified . 
pride for youth now provides comprehensive sexual health screenings , including blood draws and anal/oral swabs .... 
cdc sees increase in sti outbreaks due to lack of federal and state funding . 
rt cdc sees ' alarming ' increase in sexually transmitted diseases via … 
i'm glad someone is writing about the increase in non hiv std exposure among prep users . 
large increase in nationwide . due 2 cuts in & care . 
desperate for education to stem epidemic . 
sees ' alarming ' increase in sexually transmitted diseases new transmitted infections are ppl 15-24 . 
rome , ga also sees a dramatic rise in stds ! 
" in one year 7 percent of local health departments said they closed their std clinics . " ' alarming ' increase in stds 
rt ppmo_advocates : " common sexually transmitted diseases such as syphilis and gonorrhea have exploded in recent ye … 
" common sexually transmitted diseases such as syphilis and gonorrhea have exploded in recent years , in part ... 
what's going on to cause the increase ? there are several factors , the cdc says . budget cuts are a big factor .... 
the reports alarming increase in stds . now is not time for congress to cut or 
" cdc sees ' alarming ' increase in stds " find your nearest planned parenthood and get tested 
sees " alarming " rise in story 
the more we cut sex education and availability to contraception , the more we see this climb . fight sti's: vote ... 
cdc sees ' alarming ' increase in stds " in part because of reduced funding for public health clinics " via 
cdc sees ' alarming ' increase in via 
come on america ... get with it ! 
but by all means , let's keep attacking planned parenthood 

rt how to be an amazing father : 
rt how to be an great father : 
rt how to raise a child : 

can governors block syrian refugees ? probably not - 
rt can governors legally block syrian refugees ? probably not * not news 
rt under supreme court precedent , it's the fed government , not governors , that runs refugee policy . new … 

dad accused of abducting son 13 years ago indicted 
dad accused of abducting son 13 years ago indicted on 32 counts via 
bobby hernandez , 53 , allegedly took his then 5-year-old son from alabama in 2002 , and then moved to cleveland ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! dad accused of abducting son 13 years ago … 
no amount of prison time will help this young man and family heal but it is a huge message to parental ... 
father indicted on 32 counts in case of boy who realized he was considered missing for 13 years 



defense secretary ashton carter : we are at war with isis 
stand by for ash carter to be the next guy obama fires . 
defense secretary ashton carter : we are at war with isis - nbc news 
defense secretary ashton carter to " we are at war with isis " look for this to be walked back stat 
: we are at with 
defense secretary ashton carter agrees that the united states is at war with isis in an … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! defense secretary ashton carter : we are at … 
defense secretary carter : we are at war with isis we are at war with the devil ! 

belgium lowers alert level but says threat still ' serious ' 
belgium lowers alert level but says threat still ‘ serious ’ 
" the situation is serious , but according to indications from the security services , not as … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! belgium lowers alert level but says threat … 
" the situation is serious , but according to indications from the security services , not as imminent as previously ... 

rt what can anonymous really do to isis ? 

could mars someday have rings like saturn ? 
scientists suggesting that mars will someday have rings like saturn ?! 
could mars someday have rings like saturn ? 
mars may one day have rings similar to saturn's famous halo , new research suggests . 

court upholds contractual right to destroy couple's frozen embryos over wife's objections : 
judge sides with husband : frozen embryos must be destroyed 
judge sides with husband , says frozen embryos must be destroyed 
here's something interesting 
a california judge has ruled that a woman must allow five frozen embryos to be destroyed as part of a divorce ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! judge sides with husband , says frozen embr … 
it is dedicated to lady gaga judge sides with husband , says frozen embryos must be destro … 
fascinating reading . where do you stand on this controversial issue ? 

russia seeks economic revenge against turkey over downed jet - 
seeks economic revenge over downed warplane 
russia seeks economic revenge against turkey over downed jet ( ( 0434 gmt ) 
russia threatened economic retaliation against turkey on thursday .... 

watch live : trump ohio campaign rally via 



7 harvest festivals that make thanksgiving look boring 
happy thanksgiving ... here are 7 countries and peoples that are absolutely crushing this harvest festival game # 
happy thanskgiving usa ! reading " 7 harvest festivals around the world that make thanksgiving look boring " 
7 around the world that make look boring - via 
if you were in thailand , you'd celebrate water buffalo racing instead of the turkey . 
7 harvest festivals around the world that make thanksgiving look boring via 
these 7 harvest festivals around the world make thanksgiving look kind of boring 
maybe it’s time for american families to mix it up . here’s some inspiration : 7 countries and peoples that are ... 

rt from this morning's obama unloads on gop candidates over refugee refusal : https://… 
obama unloads on gop candidates over refugee refusal via 
first read : unloads on gop candidates over refugee refusal 
rt the american president goes overseas and purposely insults american citizens via nbcnews 
ohhbama blasts the us in the phillipines . 
first read : obama unloads on gop candidates over refugee refusal 
conservative republicans are running on the who can be the biggest coward platform 
obama blasts gop candidates over refugee refusal 
rt his willingness to put americans at risk for the sake of syrian refugees is just wrong . protect am … 
his willingness to put americans at risk for the sake of syrian refugees is just wrong . protect americans first . 

downing of jet a ' planned | 
downing of warplane was ' planned provocation ' : russia 
downing of warplane was ‘ planned provocation ’ : russia 
----- i think we will be okay , in fact it may lead to more diplomacy 
russia's foreign minister sergei lavrov pledged to reassess its relations with ankara after … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! downing of warplane was ' planned provocati … 
russia’s foreign minister sergei lavrov pledged to reassess its relations with ankara after the incident . 
russia's foreign minister sergei lavrov pledged to reassess its relations with ankara after the incident .... 

chicago protesters plan black friday march over laquan mcdonald death 
chicago protesters plan huge black friday march 
today on chicago has been the scene of large but mainly peaceful protests since tuesday -hf 
chicago protesters plan march over laquan mcdonald death via 
chicago protesters plan huge black friday march ( msnbc ) ( 2306 gmt ) 
well this is certainly gonna end well , right ? 
chicago protesters plan huge black friday march ( msnbc ) ( 2000 gmt ) 
( these people need to go home and stop making problems . it aint bring him back you destroying xmas trees . really ? 
chicago protesters plan black friday march over death - nbc news 
" we want mass demonstrations , mass voter registration , " the rev . jesse jackson said . 
protesters plan march over death via 
3novices : chicago protesters plan huge black friday march " we want mass demonstrations , mass voter registration , " t … 
protesters plan black friday march over death via 

pro tv ads are breaking the law 
meetthepress : pro marcorubio tv ads are breaking the law 
campaign watchdogs : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law - 
rt campaign watchdogs : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law 
campaign watchdogs : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law ( but i'd bet won't investigate ) via 
campaign watchdogs : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law . republicans prove , once again , they're bad people 
campaign watchdogs : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law - nbc news 
important : campaign watchdogs say " pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law " 
is this why the pro-rubio " project " is changing future ad buys to " pac " ? pro rubio ads breaking the law via 
rt campaign finance watchdogs tell that a pro-rubio tv ad campaign may have broken law : … 
tweet the justice dept & ask them to investigate the conservative solutions project . 
rt sure looks like marco rubio's supporters are breaking the law : 
will do anything to win ! bad news fast talking 0 record do nothing politician ! 
watchdogs : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law legal questions are being raised about conservative solutions ... 
rubio tv ads violate the law . watchdogs seek action via 
rt rubio operation drawing increased media criticism … & via 
rubio operation drawing increased media criticism … & via & 
' s comm dude is the same guy accused of running an illegal super pac for 
pressure grows on for its illegal pro- tv ads via 
small error here . karl rove's 501(c)(4 ) spent $100mill opposing obama reelection , not backing it . 

facebook says ' error ' led to temporary account suspension of woman nam ... 
woman named isis has facebook account suspended 
when your name is isis ... via 
- says ' error ' led to temporary account suspension of woman named isis 

texas man executed for fire that killed three children 
rt nbcnews " texas man executed for fire that killed three children " 

born from mt 9-yr-old wants to use hololens to keep astronauts fit via 
this 9-year-old wants to use hololens to keep astronauts fit - 
this 9-year-old wants to use to keep fit 
. i think it’s awesome that a father-daughter team wants to work on mixed reality for space . more of this ! 
rt this 9-year-old wants to use to keep astronauts fit what do you think ? lovel … 
this 9-year-old wants to use to keep astronauts fit what do you think ? lovely idea <3 <3 
9 year old wants to use microsoft hololens to keep fit on the iss 

amid latest controversy , trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' - 
world's greatest memory ? uh , no . : 
amid controversy , trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' not so great on his h1-b visa " official position . " 
no , you have the worlds biggest ego ??? 
" i have the world's greatest memory . it's one thing everyone agrees on . " 
update : trump : ‘ i have the world’s greatest memory ’ 
amid controversy , trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' all those " thousands and thousands " in jersey city ? 
rt trump tells he knows he saw tv of muslims celebrating 9/11 because he has ' world's greatest memory ' … 
trump’s great memory 
its a bird , its a plane , no its buffoonman ! trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' via 
seems like an opportunity for an amazing new case study 😃 ' via nbcnews 
msnbc : trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' 
bs , everybody knows kim-jong un has the world’s greatest memory . it’s hereditary . 
dtn usa : trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invincible , despite inten ... 
trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invincible , despite intense push b ... 
trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invin ... via . 
scouting trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' thoughts ? 
donald trump is a joke . this guy just gets more outrageous with each comment he makes . scary that some support him . 
can all of this really be happening ? this man has a double-digit lead . where am i ? via 
web dsign 
seo website builder amid latest c ... 

japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! gates to launch multibillion-dollar clean … 
gates to launch multibillion-dollar clean energy initiative 
3novices : gates to launch multibillion-dollar clean energy initiative the microsoft co-founder and heads of state w … 
the microsoft co-founder and heads of state will launch the clean tech initiative on the opening day of the u . n .... 
bill gates launchs multibillion $ clean energy initiative via create your account 
bill gates launchs multibillion-dollar clean energy initiative via get more fans 

barbra streisand , stephen spielberg , willie mays and james taylor to get presidential medal of freedom by obama 
congrats to the own & on receiving medal of freedom . pride for our community . 
1 hour to → awards presidential medal of freedom to 17 americans ; we'll carry the ceremony live . 
meetthepress : 1 hour to → potus awards presidential medal of freedom to 17 americans ; we'll carry the ce … 
streisand receives the highest civilian honor in the u.s. on nov 24th . her spirited arrangement of " jingle ... 
streisand , spielberg to get presidential medal of freedom nbc news singer barbra streisand , filmmaker steven ... 

warlord who offered to shelter bin laden seeks comeback 
update : warlord who offered shelter to bin laden seeks comeback 
aging warlord gulbuddin hekmatyar seeks comeback in afghanistan 
one of afghanistan’s most notorious warlords , gulbuddin hekmatyar , wants to come out of the shadows . 

rt cruz to obama : say it to my face 

snowboarders challenge utah ski resort\'s ban 
shred this ! : snowboarders challenge ski resort's ban 

hillary clinton scores new major endorsement - nbc news 

o perfect . we will hear about this is a lone nut job and not a representative of his whole religion or race . 
colorado springs police : " active shooter scene is not secure " 
three officers injured in shooting near planned parenthood in colorado springs 
three officers injured in shooting near planned parenthood in colorado springs thx 2 fox & gop 4 this ! via 
rt developing update : " active shooting situation in progress " in colorado springs , city says . 
white house official says president obama has been informed of the colorado planned parenthood shooting by his ... 
three officers injured in shooting near colo . planned parenthood - 
reports of active shooter near colorado planned parenthood 
wh official says pres obama informed of the colorado planned parenthood shooting - via 
rt police : unsure about location of shooter near co planned parenthood ; 3 officers , unknown number of civilians injured … 
dear governor snyder , if the safety of michigan's citizens is really your top priority , please pause the sale ... 
sending all my love to the people of colorado springs while the search for a shooter outside pp continues . 
rt we're monitoring an active shooter situation in colorado . our thoughts are with the victims and the community . … 
report of ' active shooter ' near planned parenthood in colorado springs 
no worries , people , just a white christian practicing his interpretation of his second amendment rights right by ... 
what if gov't fought real terrorists instead of persecuting refugees ? 
oh boy . this'll make heads @ faux news explode : " shooting up a planned parenthood ? yay ! cops were injured ? boo ! " 
unknown number of civilian injuries in colorado springs police say . 
cnbcnow : police : unsure about location of shooter near co planned parenthood ; 3 officers , unknown number of civili … 
all i could find was cause they don't know all that much atm either 
hunch : police : unsure about location of shooter near co planned parenthood ; 3 … 
odds on it being christian terrorists ? 
rt want to know what republican politicians have helped accomplish ?!? read : choose your words ! 
rt three colorado officers injured in shooting near planned parenthood 
three police officers injured in shooting near colorado planned parenthood : report 
three police officers were injured after a shooting near a colorado springs planned parenthood facility , police said . 

obama pardons national thanksgiving turkey : 
" time flies , even if turkeys don't . " 
obama pardons national thanksgiving turkey ... so who is going to pardon obama 
potus and totus and dad jokes , oh my ! 
president obama pardons the national thanksgiving turkey wednesday in the rose garden .... 

penn state has spent over $92 million in costs stemming from the sandusky scandal 
penn state could face claims from six more alleged jerry sandusky victims 
penn state could face claims from six more alleged jerry sandusky victims – via 
penn state could face six more jerry sandusky claims 
here are details on astronomical/absurd psu settlement $ numbers i " leaked " earlier . sounds like it is " last call ! " 
penn state could still face claims from six or even more alleged victims in the jerry sandusky sex abuse scandal ,... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! penn state could face six more jerry sandu … 

farm recalls produce used in costco salad linked to e . coli 
19 people in 7 states have been sickened . the fda said taylor farms pacific of tracy , calif ., r .. 
19 people in 7 states have been sickened . the fda said taylor farms pacific of tracy , calif … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! farm recalls produce used in costco salad … 

rt federal sources : air france flights to paris diverted to nova scotia and salt lake city due to phoned bomb threats . htt … 
two air france flights to paris diverted after bomb threats - 
vist- air france flights to paris diverted after bomb threats - 


likeable enough ?!?! she isn't likeable at all . 
rt what disney character do voters in a focus group compare to ? 
rt asked to describe focus group voters cite characters in 
male and female participants in oh focus group said country could benefit from a female president . 
negative/gendered adjectives used to describe hrc in focus group : domineering , uptight , icy , polarizing , calculating 
voters laud clinton's ' steel ' but ask : is she likable enough ? via 


. dad takes center stage in new ad 
ok , i like this video , especially the out takes with ms. piggy via 
. dad takes center stage in new ad - nbc news 
marco rubio is spending $20m in the early states telling us about his bartender dad . that's his dad's bio , not his . 
rt news : gets ready to roll out first early-state b'cast ad . exclusive first look on / htt … 
oh look , a refugee ? how did he get inhere ? 
rt exclusive first look : 1st early-state ad , to begin airing in on thurs . … 
rt . dad takes center stage in new ad 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! marco rubio's dad takes center stage in ne … 
todayshow : rt halliejackson : news : marcorubio gets ready to roll out first early-state b'cast ad . exclusive first … 
rt halliejackson : news : marcorubio gets ready to roll out first early-state b'… 
the spot is the first in a $20 million ad buy that begins thursday and extends through … 

two more questioned in shooting near black lives matter protest 
what about the terrorists that are already here ? corrupt cops , gun nuts , the nra ... 
one cleared , 2 more questioned in shooting near black lives matter protest 
can we exchange the shooters for refugees ? the killers can go to syria armed and fire away at numerous targets 

get some exercise , doctors tell 
finally being promoted by gynecologists for women ! 
obese moms-to-be have higher rates of miscarriage , premature birth , stillbirth & babies w/ birth defects 
get moving , doctors tell pregnant women [ ... ] pregnancy is the ideal time to exercise and stay healthy . via 
' pregnant women need to get up and exercise . ' 
get some exercise , doctors advise pregnant women : 
get some doctors tell women 
get moving , doctors tell pregnant women . docs say pregnancy is the ideal time to exercise and stay healthy . 
dr’s are encouraging women to do more 
rt dr’s are encouraging women to do more 
for our non bed rest mommies , what is your go-to exercise during pregnancy ? 
" running , jogging , pilates and yoga are all fine , the the american congress of obstetricians and gynecologists ... 
pregnant women should get up and exercise , say physicians : ( via 
not sure how to start ? give us a call and speak to megan bowden 
pro tip : don't ever tell a pregnant woman what to do . 
my patients ... 
being newly pregnant , everyone tells me to eat for 2 , relax , and take it easy . a new study says that's not the case . 

two black men shot a white pregnant mother in the head in front of her babyboy via 
two charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife 
hate crime : activists murder white pastor's wife 
read the fourth paragraph 
rt two charged with murdering indiana pastor's pregnant wife 
teen charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife 
dna and a pink sweater : how the cops cracked the amanda blackburn murder case . 
so much worry from terrorism , it crazy how frightening and overwhelming this home-invasion death is . 
media are showing identities of accused killers . 
dna and a pink sweater : how the cops cracked the amanda blackburn murder case . … 
" though everything inside of me wants to hate , be angry , and slip into despair i choose the route of forgiveness ,... 
teen charged with murdering pastor's wife amanda blackburn 
two young men were charged monday in the murder of an indianapolis pastor's pregnant wife during a home invasion 
charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife via 
two charged with murdering pastors pregnant wife via where is out rage from obama and his husband michelle 
where will the protests be held for this ...??? i guess infant lives and pregnant mothers lives don't matter either 
rt here is the dynamic duo ... mug shots 
update : suspects , ages 18 and 21 , charged in murder of indianapolis pastor's pregnant wife 
two charged with murdering pastor\'s wife amanda blackburn - 

muslim teen's family demands $15 million over clock incident 
of course it was a deliberate hoax , why else would they be demanding $15 million ? 
" and family demand $15 million from the taxpayers 
family of clock-making teen ahmed mohamed demand public apologies and $15m in compensation . 
irving police ( home of kimberly-clark ) knew clock wasn't bomb , arrested anyway , told to pay $15m . 
if the payment isn't made with within 60 days , the letter says , a civil suit will be filed . 
texas clock teen demands $15 million for ' hoax bomb ' arrest 
i think americans would like to give this kid 15,000,000 of something ... but i assure you it isn't dollars . 
texas clock teen demands $15 million for ' hoax bomb ' arrest ( msnbc ) ( 2232 gmt ) 
texas clock teen demands 5 million for \'hoax bomb\' arrest 
muslim teen's family wants $15 million over clock case via ridiculous . if they win , give it to muslim fund 
rt texas clock teen demands $15 million for ' hoax bomb ' arrest : if payment isn't made to ahmed mohamed's family w ... https : … 
if payment isn't made to ahmed mohamed's family with within 60 days , a civil suit will be filed against irving ,... 
if payment isn't made to ahmed mohamed's family with within 60 days , a civil suit will be … 
you gotta be kidding ... not right . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! texas clock teen demands $15 million for ' … 
are you okay with this ? better be from your pocket and not taxpayers 
muslim teen's family demands $15m over clock incident 
so many layers of teen's family demands $15 million | nbc 5 dallas-fort worth via 
this is absolutely disgusting !!! 
muslim teen's family demands $15m over clock incident . yeah , go pound sand !!!! 
15 million really . smdh 
ahmed mohamed's family demands $15 million over clock incident | via 
rt muslim teen's family demands $15m over clock incident 

questions and answers about jared fogle's sentencing 
fogle wants 5 ? yup start singing $5 , $5 , $5 foot longs , 
questions and answers about ex-subway pitchman jared fogle's sentencing 
5 to 12 years ... but the victims carry a life sentence of dealing with the emotional and mental aftermath . where ... 
questions and answers about ex-subway pitchman sentencing via 
fyi , jared fogle is due to learn his prison sentence today in indianapolis . - ricky a . 
wow sentencing coming 2day ! i don't get y this happened so quickly & others take 4ever ?! 
will be sentenced in a few hours on child porn charges . he's paying 100k to each of his 14 victims . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! questions and answers about jared fogle's … 
questions and answers about jared fogle’s sentencing 

rt " bush calls for american troops on the ground in the middle east " 
rt jeb bush proposes additional force , ground troops to defeat isis " once more unto the breach " ,… 
jeb bush proposes additional force , ground troops to defeat isis " once more unto the breach " , you suckers ! 
rt bush proposes ground troops to defeat isis : republican presidential candidate jeb ... vi … 

we leveraged our holiday heat map to select the best deals . learn more via & 
5 deals to make sure black friday is well spent 
black friday brief : 5 deals to make sure your day is well spent - 
to help simplify your black friday , nbc news compiled a list of five of the best deals to … 
to help simplify your black friday , nbc news compiled a list of five of the best deals to help you hit the ground ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! 5 deals to make sure black friday is well … 
msnbc to help simplify your black friday , nbc news compiled a list of five of the best deals ... 

10 reported injured after deck collapses at northwest georgia home 
10 reported hurt after deck collapses at georgia home ( msnbc ) ( 2100 gmt ) 
10 people injured when a deck collapses at a home in calhoun , georgia . 
10 reported hurt after deck collapses at georgia home ( msnbc ) ( 1736 gmt ) 
10 reported hurt after deck collapses at georgia home : a man was airlifted with head trauma after he and nine ... 


niger says boko haram gunmen kill 18 in border village 
just as the brussels situation affected and scared me more than this : i know people in brussels . 
niger says boko haram gunmen kill 18 in village 
the gunmen arrived in the village of gogone on foot and fired indiscriminately on residents and attacked their ... 

amazon pulls nazi-themed ads for tv show from nyc subway 
amazon pulls nazi-themed ads from nyc subway 
is this what you're worried about mayor ... ads for a fictitious tv show ? 
amazon pulls nazi-themed ads for tv show from nyc subway - nbc news 
not a headline you expect at thanksgiving ... 
the advertisements for “ the man in the high castle ” completely wrapped the seats , walls and ceilings of one train . 
the advertisements for " the man in the high castle " completely wrapped the seats , walls and … 
the advertisements for " the man in the high castle " completely wrapped the seats , walls and ceilings of one ... 
when marketing goes too far 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! amazon pulls nazi-themed ads for tv show f … 

video shows burglar crawling into sleeping family's bedroom : nypd - nbc new york 
video shows burglar crawling into sleeping family's bedroom : nypd | nbc new york via 
watch : burglar crawls into sleeping man's bedroom : nypd 
nanny-cam video shows burglar in sleeping family's bedroom ( msnbc ) ( 0413 gmt ) 
watch : burglar crawls into sleeping family's bedroom : nypd 
nanny-cam video shows burglar in sleeping family's bedroom : a burglar quietly crawled his way into a queens be ... 
nanny-cam video shows burglar in sleeping family's bedroom ( msnbc ) ( 0051 gmt ) 
watch : bold burglar crawls into sleeping man's bedroom : nypd 
video : bold burglar crawls into sleeping man's bedroom 

god's name can't be used to ' justify hatred , ' pope francis says 
francis warns against special interests who put profits over people & planet . 
' catastrophic ' if special interests derail talks , says pope 
pope francis arrives to celebrate mass at the university of ... 
rt pope in kenya : god's name can't be used to ' justify hatred ' 
' catastrophic ' if special interests derail climate talks , says : 
god's name can't be used to ' justify hatred , ' pope says 
pope in kenya : god’s name can’t be used to ‘ justify hatred ’ -- attention who panders to hate to curry voters 
pope : ' catastrophic ' if climate talks are derailed and he spanks the republicans out loud ! 
warns against special interests derailing talks 
" god's name can't be used to justify hatred " ... true . nor can it be used to justify sin . via 
pope : ' catastrophic ' if talks are derailed . 
pope francis warns against special interests derailing climate talks - 
pope in kenya : francis warns against special interests derailing climate talks . " it would be sad , and dare i say eve … 
obama watch | pope in kenya : francis warns against special interests derailing climate talks - nbcne ... 
well said - don't worry papa - earth will force humanity to awaken the hard way 
pope in kenya : francis warns against special interests derailing climate talks - nbc news 
' catastrophic ' if special interests derail climate talks , pope says 
we hate sloppy headlines . " mustn't " isn't " can't " people often wrongly use gods to justify hate . 
this - i think even the laity can be guilty of clericalism by putting the faith's rubrics before love . 
amen , pope francis . 


gallup : girls less confident about computer science - 
sexism within the workplace is seemingly increasing by the generation . 

interesting . we don't consider the insane lone gunman to be a terrorist but our focus is on the perpetrator and ... 
to u.s. mass shooting victims , paris attacks sadly familiar 
retweeted joseph b . jaskolka ( to u.s. mass shooting victims , paris attacks sadly familiar ... 
rt to u.s. mass shooting victims , paris attacks sadly familiar 
studies : " a mass shooter is in many ways psychologically similar to someone who would be easily recruited to terror " 
isn't it , sadly ? 
" we've been living under terrorist attacks since columbine . they're just being done by our own people " 
mass shooting victims ' families retraumatized by paris attacks , featuring 
to us mass shooting surivors like paris attacks sadly familiar via 
reframing mass shootings in usa as terrorist attacks . living in breeds more and via 

rt publishes photo of purported russian jet bomb has more 1pe http … 
learn more about the photo the terror group says shows russian jet bomb . 
is this the bomb that took down a russian jet ? 
metrojet crash : publishes photo of purported russian jet bomb 
isis publishes photo of purported russian jet bomb 
update : isis publishes photo of purported russian jet bomb 
metrojet crash : isis claims photo of jet bomb in dabiq magazine 
publishes of purported 

isis won't intimidate germany , spy chief says after soccer scare via 
isis won\'t intimidate germany : spy chief after soccer scare 

what men can learn from women about saving for - 
here are the best strategies , segmented by men and women : 
women outshine men in managing 401(k)s : study 
it seems women know how to work the investment system better . 
it seems women know how to work the system better . 
shares strategies broken down by gender . who does it better ? find out here : 
what men can learn from women when it comes to managing 401(k)s 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! women outshine men in managing 401(k)s : st … 
women are better than men at managing their 401(k)s , according to study that contains some good lessons for ... 
msnbc women are better than men at managing their 401(k)s , according to study that contains s ... 

drone task force makes recommendations for national registry 
drone task force makes recommendations for national registry via 
on more info 
drone task force makes recs for national registry 
faa's earl lawrence says formulation of recommendations by 25-member drone task force ' was truly g ... 
faa's earl lawrence says formulation of recommendations by 25-member drone … 


paris attacks : 2 dead , 7 arrested during saint-denis raid - 

watch french police sweep down st. -denis streets with guns drawn 
french police sweep down st. -denis streets with guns drawn via 

rt . approves new type of flu vaccine w/ booster that may better protect seniors from being sick … 
. approves new type of flu vaccine w/ booster that may better protect seniors from being sick ( via 
fluad : food and drug administration approves a new , boosted by 
seems like such a great idea ??? 
this flu vaccine has an extra ingredient 
the new flu vaccine it's aimed at people over 65 , who typically have a poor immune response to 
fda new vaccine with extra 
new , boosted vaccine launched in us , hoped to help protect older people 
federal regulators have approved a new type of flu vaccine with an " adjuvant " booster 
fluad : and administration approves a new , boosted read more- 
fda approves new flu vaccine with extra ingredient 
fluad : food and drug administration approves a new , boosted flu vaccine 
" fda approves new , boosted flu vaccine " 
a vaccine with a boost . cool ! via 
federal regulators have okayed a new type of flu vaccine with a booster in it , with the hope … 
federal regulators have okayed a new type of flu vaccine with a booster in it , with the hope of better protecting ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! fda approves new flu vaccine with extra in … 



first read : ted cruz makes his move in iowa - 
rock solid : ted cruz makes his move in iowa fair flat tax plan & national security . constitutional brilliance first 
ted cruz at 23% support in iowa ! 
more lies from " liberal lamestream media " that you can ignore , 
i think it's adorable that thinks there will be a " thanksgiving pause in the 2016 presidential race . " 
in new iowa poll , ted cruz is making his move in challenge to donald trump and ben carson . 
from makes his move in a new iowa 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day's… 
ted cruz is making his move in iowa -- via 
new indicate where things stand in gop race abt 2 mos out from ia & nh 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day's most important ... 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day’s most important ... 


rt eagles of death metal open up about paris concert attack 

rt intoxicated passenger tries to open british airways plane’s exit door mid-flight : officials htt … 

carson now says he didn\'t see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 
carson also said muslims cheered 911 . carson lies more than and trum['s not a killer . 
rt now says he didn't see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 via for hate & fear & fundraisi … 
oh , we've just got tons of integrity all around this story ! hahaha ! lord ... 
carson now says he didn't see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 via 
flip flopper ? 
rare candidate not radicalizing news now says he didn't see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 
yup , wrote about it yesterday evening ! 
mr. trump's applause lies continue while carson recants nj cheering muslims comment ; 
now says he didn't 👀 cheer 9/11 . said worse of & naive 2think some didn't . 
rt like trump , carson says he saw video of us muslims cheering 9/11 - nbcnews . comlike trum ... … 
i'm ready to propose a new dsm diagnosis : republican hallucinatory disorder ( rhd ) . rhs causes severe ... 
this guy walks back almost everything he says-except almost killing a friend and going after mother with a hammer ... 
i am getting fed up with these republican fools and the time and energy it costs to continually refute their ... 
update : carson now says he didn’t see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 
carson now says he didn't see us muslims cheer 9/11 - 
" carson does not stand by his statements . hearing & thinking something differently!' 


rt where does isis get its money ? via 


78 ceos urge pricing of carbon emissions 
ceos of 78 global companies urge governments to price carbon emissions . 
siemens , unilever , hsbc , pepsico ... major international companies from numerous industries joining 74 others in ... 
retweeted business wired ( 78 ceos urge pricing of carbon emissions via ... 
msnbc leaders of 78 major global companies urged governments on monday to include pricing of ... 
leaders of 78 major global companies urged governments on monday to include pricing of carbon emissions in ... 

rt police hunting for second fugitive involved in 

use of credit card ' skimmers ' at gas stations , atms is exploding - 
another reason to buy an electric car ... 
credit card skimming at petrol stations on the rise according to reports . 
be aware of this going on around the country . keep watchful of your account activities . if you do see something ... 
gas station running wild . 
traveling by car over the thanksgiving holiday ? watch out for skimmers . 
use of credit card ' skimmers ' is exploding . 
use of credit card ' skimmers ' at beware ! gas stations , atms is exploding : 
consumer alert : use of credit card " skimmers " at gas stations and atms is exploding 
with card skimming at gas stations on the rise , the shift for auto fuel dispensers can’t get here fast enough . 
use of credit card at gas stations , atms is exploding 
i’m working w/ & 2 help protect fl spike in credit skimmers at gas stations 
has the risk of " pay at the pump " finally exceeded the convenience ? 
keep an eye on your statements ! we hear it happening often with our clients and even some of our staff .... 
is on the rise ! 1 . use low limit cc just for gas & ... 
stay alert to anything you stick a credit/debit card in , especially this holiday travel-shop season . 
use of skimmers at gas stations exploding when will the us require chip and pin ? 
this is an issue . check your bank and credit card accounts regularly . 
from nbc nightly news last night on credit card skimmers in michigan . 
call to calendar your free credit report review today . 
pay with cash , or pay inside the station 
rt skimmers are being used to steal your credit card information . this easy to come by technology allows brazen ... … 
the use of credit card " skimmers , " tiny devices inserted into a gas pump or atm , by identity thieves is ... 
inspectors are now coming across multiple credit card skimmers a week - not just in large cities , but small towns . 


gene scan finds surprising mutations in kids with cancer 
rt nbcnews " gene scan finds surprising mutations in kids with cancer " 

man gets 4 years in prison for torching cvs during baltimore unrest 
man gets 4 years in prison for torching cvs during unrest 


heavy metal band wants a lead singer — made of metal via 

retweeted moonangelwings ( bobby jindal ends 2016 presidential campaign 
rt bobby jindal ends 2016 presidential campaign via 

russia cuts all military contact with turkey after jet downed 
russia : communication " discontinued " between russian defense ministry and turkish armed forces after jet shot down . 
russia cuts military contact with turkey after jet downed 
russia : communication " discontinued " between russian defense ministry and turkish armed forces after jet sho … 
nbcnightlynews : russia : communication " discontinued " between russian defense ministry and turkish armed forces aft … 
russia : communication " discontinued " between russian defense ministry and turkish ar … 
russia cuts all contact with turkey 
cuts all contact with after downed 
cuts military contact with after jet downed 
cuts military hotline w detrimental for avoiding incidents in the future 
russia broke off all military communication with turkey thursday , including a hotline to … 
russia broke off all military communication with turkey thursday , including a hotline to coordinate airstrikes in ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! russia cuts military contact with turkey a … 
we need the movie jaws music playing in the background ... water is boiling between nations ... may god protect us ... 

isis propaganda video shows nyc times square footage , but officials say no new threat 
rt nbcnews " isis propaganda video shows nyc times square footage , but officials say no new threat … " 
isis propaganda video shows nyc times square footage , but officials say no new threa … 


buyers beware : ice storm , flood warnings pose black friday threat via 
reddit : buyers beware : ice storm , flood warnings pose black friday threat /r/stormcoming 
havoc on the roadways 
buyers beware : ice storm poses black friday threat 
\'havoc on the roadways\': ice throws holiday into a skid 
buyers beware : ice storm , flood warnings pose threat via 
nbc news 
' havoc on the roadways ' : ice may throw holiday travel into a skid - 
continue reading 
el niño 2015 is on ... just what you guys need in the months to come , fingers crossed for more 
all told , almost 13 million people were under winter storm , winter weather or ice storm … 

map of terror : where will isis strike next ? via 
map of terror : where will isis strike next ? via nbcnews 
map of where will isis strike next ? - nbc news 
anywhere ... but obama said they're contained ? ⏩map of terror : where will isis strike next ? uk , usa , germany 

rt fewer men are being screened for prostate cancer — and fewer are being diagnosed … 

big tech companies push back on encryption back doors as congress prepares to weigh in . 
tech giants don't budge as lawmakers push weakened 
giants don't budge as lawmakers push weakened via 
“ ... tech companies are trying to do the right thing , and it's because it's good for business for them . ” 
tech giants fight lawmakers on crypto compromise 
tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption 
dtn usa : tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption : the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate ... 
scouting tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption thoughts ? 
tech giants fight lawmakers on crypto compromise - the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate around e ... 
unidrone explorer > tech giants fight lawmakers on crypto compromise 
the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate around encryption inside the beltway , much to the chagrin of ... 

france's president urges ' grand coalition ' against isis - 
france's president hollande in moscow urges ' grand coalition ' against isis - 
doesn't want in .. “ france president hollande in moscow urges ' grand coalition ' against isis ” 
france's president hollade in moscow urges ' grand coalition ' against isis 
francois hollande is on a diplomatic offensive to build a coalition against the islamist … 
france’s president urges ‘ grand coalition ’ against isis 
francois hollande is on a diplomatic offensive to build a coalition against the islamist group that has claimed ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! france's president urges ' grand coalition'… 
rt france’s president urges ‘ grand coalition ’ against isis 

rt update : surveillance footage shows two gunman firing on paris bar , confirming ninth attacker … 

national institutes of health ( nih ) last 50 chimpanzees are retiring via 
nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring 
rt nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring - nbc news 
nih's last 50 chimpanzees retiring 
upset peta sent letter to neighbors ? not as upset as chimps abused for yrs ! boofuckinghoo 
awesome !!! nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring via 
nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring via love this but , what about our wounded soldiers hypocrisy ! 
poor chimps ... but today is a great day , nih retires all but 50 chimps from animal testing 
chimps retire . 
nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring : the last 50 chimpanzees set aside for federal medical research will be ... 
good news ! chimps will no longer be used for research purposes ! 
the last 50 chimpanzees set aside for federal medical research will be retired , nih said .... 
the last 50 nih chimps are retiring 
no more testing on chimps at nih . sending last 50 to a sanctuary . great news ! 
national institutes of health's last 50 chimpanzees are headed for retirement 
it may take years to get them all into the sanctuary 

casey kasem's widow sued for wrongful death 
three of the radio personality's children and his brother claim jean kasem's actions led to … 
casey kasem’s widow sued for wrongful death 
three of the radio personality’s children and his brother claim jean kasem’s actions led to casey kasem’s death ... 
three of the radio personality's children and his brother claim jean kasem's actions led to casey kasem's death ... 

stunning ! 

rt dallas woman charged with manslaughter in butt injection death 


intel officials : migrant risk high in europe , low in u.s. 
even uber-liberal nbc says of the syrians pouring into europe , 70 percent are young men ages 15 to 30 . 
should western europe be more cautious with their migrants ? 
rt terrorist in migrant flow ? us intelligence looks at risks . 

rt charlie sheen says his hiv is ' undetectable , ' but can he still infect others ? 

downed russian jet only over turkey for \'seconds\': u.s. officials 
turkey shoots down russian warplane ; putin calls it a \'crime\' 
turkey shoots down russian warplane near border with syria - 
this can't be good 
turkey shoots down russian warplane via 
russia has been targeting turkish nationals under the pretext of going after daesh , of course turkey shot the ... 
apparently you can give 10 warnings in 3 seconds 
... then it gobble gobble gobble got out of there ! 
rt turkey shoots down russian warplane : hmm ... where is this in the scriptures ? may be bigger than isis ! … 
turkey shoots down russian warplane : hmm ... where is this in the scriptures ? may be bigger than isis ! via 
again - turkey owes russia an apology and restitution for knee jerk reaction via 
turkey down russian warplane via 
that's not good . 
update : downed russian jet only over turkey for ‘ seconds ’ : u.s. officials 
<<" they were in turkish airspace only 2 to 3 seconds , a matter of seconds " the [ us defence ] officials said . >> hmm 
turkish air force contends they warned russian aircraft 10 times in 5 min before their jets opened fire via 
lets hope cooler heads prevail on this one . first major incident in 50 years between and 
russia is fighting isis and turkey is shooting down its planes . what is going on in the world ? guess the world is ... 
shoots down warplane via 
rt shoots down warplane via 
we're going to be hearing the phrase " heightened tensions " a lot more . 
nothing like a bit of drama to start the day ! 
turkey shoots down russian warplane-'1st time a nato member has downed a russian aircraft since 1950s ' 
wwiii started today . gonna start binge-watching today " turkey downs russian warplane " via 
is this really happening ? turkey shoots down russian warplane , at least one pilot is dead . 
interesting thanksgiving week headline : " turkey shoots down russian warplane " 
not a small matter . this morning , turkish forces shot down a russian military aircraft near the syrian border . 
wow . turkey . u continue to amaze the world and never in good ways . 
putin insists on supporting his puppet and screws up the whole fight against isis by having his aircraft in ... 

gulbuddin hekmatyar : fighting can end when occupation is over 
in a clandestine video message , one of afghanistan’s most notorious warlords said he hopes to return to kabul one ... 

rt hundreds of flights cancelled , drivers stranded as winter storm socks southwest 



what happened to army strong ? 
west point bans cadet pillow fights after 30 injured 
i feel like if 30 people got injured , it was a regular fight , not a pillow fight . via 
november 27 , 2015 , still breaking news ? fukc off____ 
cadet pillow fights like the bloody one that left 30 injured this summer will be banned and … 
cadet pillow fights like the bloody one that left 30 injured this summer will be banned and actions are being ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! west point bans cadet pillow fights after … 



rt girls feel less confident about learning computer science , and teachers aren't helping … 

demolition takes terrifying turn 
an alabama man miraculously escapes injury when a 180-foot tall smokestack topples onto his excavator after ... 
takes terrifying turn - via 

russian pilot and marine sent to save him both killed 
well this is just provocation . nothing good can come of these military actions 
shooting down fighter jets is ok . killing the pilots once they've ejected is not . 
russian pilot , marine sent to save him both killed on turkey/syria border 
the turks also shot down the russian's rescue helicopter ? this could get very interesting . 
already furious with the turks for shooting down their warplane , rudskoy closed by declaring that " contacts with ... 
a russian marine was killed tuesday while he was searching for a pair of pilots whose plane … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! russian pilot and marine sent to save him … 

maynard james keenan said it best " fuck your god ! " i'll debate religion with god any day and prove it is bullshit ! 

mother , boyfriend charged in death of child burned in oven 
isn't a tragedy , this is -> 19 month old burn to death in oven mother & boyfriend charged . 
finally ! justice is being served ... hopefully 
racqual thompson and cornell malone were charged with endangering a child in the death , which occurred after ... 
racqual thompson and cornell malone were charged with endangering a child in the death … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! mother , boyfriend charged in death of chil … 


gunfire erupts as elite french police seek paris attack suspects 
paris attacks : 1 dead , 5 arrested during saint-denis raid 
least 2 dead , 8 arrested during saint-denis terror raid via 
terror cell thwarted in raid was ready to act again : official 
in was ready to again : 
at least 2 dead , 8 arrested during saint-denis terror raid 
rt one dead , 7 arrested during raid targeting paris attackers 
rt at least 2 dead , 7 arrested during saint-denis terror raid 
saint-denis terror raid ended with the arrest of 8 suspects via 

putin to france : give me map showing where i should bomb 
france to work with putin and c o-o perate on bombing . not good news for the tories and their anti-putin propaganda . 
putin to france : give me map showing where to bomb in syria 
to give me map showing where i should bomb 
badowski . 󾌳 oya , oga putin , chop knuckles 󾮖 nothing do you . 󾰀 
russian president vladimir putin has asked france to draw up a map of where groups fighting … 
russian president vladimir putin has asked france to draw up a map of where groups fighting isis militants ... 

police target paris attack suspects in saint-denis raid - 

2015 is hottest year ever recorded : u.n. agency . 
now let's get this straight ... which never tells the truth ... says it was the hotest year on record ... since 1945 ? 
u.n. agency : it's record hot out there this year 
u.n. weather agency : it's record hot out there this year | 
hot , hotter , hottest : un weather agency predicts record temperatures this year - 
earth's wild weather this year is bursting the annual heat record , the world meteorological organization ... 
2015 is hottest year ever recorded , says 
2015 , hottest year 
un weather agency : it's record hot out there this year - 
earth's wild weather this year is bursting the annual heat record , the world meteorological … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! 2015 is hottest year ever recorded : u.n. a … 
it looks like 2015 will be the hottest year on record , according to u.n. 

here\'s what reclusive north korea looks like from the air 
video : north korea opens airspace to tourists for first time 
rt nbc > here's what reclusive north korea looks like from the air 
opens to tourists for first time ... 
video of pyongyang from the air is pretty cool . interesting to see how few cars are on the roads compared to west . 
north korea tourism : check out pyongyang from sky for first time - nbc news : 
video : nbc follows our tourists as they take the first ever helicopter sightseeing flight on pyongyang ! 
check out north korea from the sky for the first time : 


u.s. misidentified hospital before bombing it : official - 
' tragic mistake ' : u.s. misidentified msf hospital before bombing it 
great to see us take responsibility for this one . . . 
' tragic mistake ' : u.s. misidentified msf hospital before bombing it : a u.s. warplane attacked a medical charit ... 
u.s. misidentified hospital before bombing it : report 
' tragic mistake ' : u.s. misidentified msf hospital before bombing it via 
us bombs hospital dam , this story's changed more times than jennifer lopez at the music awards 
' tragic mistake ' : u.s. misidentified msf hospital before bombing it - nbc news 
doctors without borders hospital bombing a ‘ tragic mistake ’ - u.s. investigation continues in afghanistan 
211 shells hit the hospital over 25 minutes , until the attack was halted . 
rt how us misidentified before it for 29 min , killing 30+ civilians : … 
how us misidentified before it for 29 min , killing 30+ civilians : via 
a u.s. warplane attacked a medical charity hospital in afghanistan after its crew mistook the hospital for a ... 
' a patient trying to escape in a wheelchair was killed by shrapnel , the msf report said . ' via 
hospital was misidentified by us before it was bombed : official - 
i figured this would be the case . investigation finds msf hospital strike caused by a series of errors , it was ... 
' tragic mistake ' : us misidentified msf hospital before bombing it - 
yare ' tragic mistake ' : us misidentified msf hospital before bombing it - yare 
msf hospital strike ' direct result of avoidable human error , ' top us commander in afghanistan says 
again , fool . you do not understand war , nor have you ever had to deal with it . 
u.s. forces misidentified charity's hospital before bombing it : official 
this is why " bombing the shit out of them " wont work . what do u think the victims family's are going to want ? 

don't blame ' ferguson effect ' for crime spikes 
researchers cast doubt on ' ferguson effect ' as cause of crime spikes 
al blumstein on - " the opposition to it has been .... closer to denial than counterargument . " 
nbc has deployed the zimring . sounds like the name of an austrian bayonet in ww1 . 
i don't blame ferguson , i blame black culture . via nbcnews 
don't blame the ' ferguson effect ' for crime spikes 
there is no proof of a crime wave , or a ' ferguson effect ' via nbcnews 
don't blame ' ferguson effect ' for crime spikes ( msnbc ) ( 0844 gmt ) 
the effect is police propaganda . crime's down this year ; spikes in violence don't correlate with protests . 
rt there is no proof of a crime wave , or a ' ferguson effect ' via nbcnews 
don't blame ' ferguson effect ' " i don't think there's a trend , " said franklin zimring , studies crime at berkeley . 
there is no evidence of a national crime wave , and there is little common thread among … 
don't blame ' ferguson effect ' for crime spikes : there is no evidence of a national crime wave , and ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! don't blame ' ferguson effect ' for crime sp … 
there is no evidence of a national crime wave , and there is little common thread among places where bloodshed is ... 
dream on media : don't blame ' effect ' for crime spikes 



at least 12 dead in attack on tunisia military bus - 
oh no ... this is not good ! at least 12 dead in attack on tunisia military bus via 
at least 11 dead in attack on tunisia military bus 
at least 12 guards were killed and 17 wounded in tunisia , by muslims ! yes , that's right again ! muslims ! 
rt new : at least 11 dead after explosion hits bus carrying tunisian presidential guards in tunis . 
with bacon bits ... 
12 dead in terrorist attack on tunisia military bus 
at least 12 people were killed today after an explosion tore through a bus full of tunisian presidential guards - 
seo website builder at least 12 d ... 
web dsign 

will the numerous product tie-ins boost product sales or fall flat : 
' star wars ' - the marketing awakens via 

carson aides admit candidate needs work on foreign policy 
ben carson's campaign is admitting it needs to do a better job of " communicating his message " amid ongoing doubts ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! carson aides admit candidate needs work on … 

rt two air france flights to paris - from l.a. and d.c. - diverted after bomb threats … 

tech industry not budging as officials push anti-encryption after paris via 
retweeted seánfederic o-o murchú ( tech industry isn't budging as officials insist encryption is ... 
rt tech industry isn't budging as officials insist encryption is undermining battle against terror threat … 
tech not budging as officials push anti-encryption after paris - 

questions and answers about ex-subway pitchman jared fogle's sentencing 

pakistan's gawahi christian tv station gutted in fire 
christian tv station burned down in pakistan 
fire gutted a christian cable tv channel and completely destroyed the station's computers … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! christian tv station burned down in pakist … 
fire gutted a christian cable tv channel and completely destroyed the station's computers and broadcasting ... 
fire gutted a christian cable tv channel and completely destroyed the station’s computers and broadcasting ... 


fraud rates for online transactions seen up during holidays : study - 
fraud rates for online transactions seen up during holidays via 


rt terror cell thwarted in raid was ready to act again : paris prosecutor 

texas man executed for fire that killed 3 children - 
here's nbc's story on tonight's texas execution , and an inmate utterly betrayed by his court-appointed lawyers . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! texas man executed for fire that killed 3 … 

mourns ' 130 voices ... killed forever ' 
paris attacks memorial service : hollande mourns 130 victims - 
rt paris attacks memorial service : hollande mourns 130 victims - nbc news 
attacks memorial service : mourns 130 victims - : 
rt mourns ' 130 voices ... killed forever ' 
emotional day in paris as france remembers 130 victims of the terrorist attacks . … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! france mourns ' 130 voices ... killed forev … 
the names of the victims of the paris massacre will be read out at a memorial in the french … 
france mourns ‘ 130 voices … killed forever ’ 
the names of the 130 victims of the paris massacre will be read out at a memorial in the french capital friday . 
this morning , france mourns the victims of the deadly paris attacks . 


rt rugby's first global superstar dies aged 40 

record number of cops guard macy's parade 
record number of cops will guard macy's parade 
record number of cops will guard macy's thanksgiving day parade 
record number of cops guard macy's thanksgiving day parade 
number of cops guard macy's parade via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! record number of cops will guard macy's pa … 
as millions of americans prepare to celebrate thanksgiving , security will be tight in new york city with a record ... 
as millions of americans prepare to celebrate thanksgiving , security will be tight in new … 

kenyans welcome pope at first africa stop 
pope francis kicked off his five day trip to africa in nairobi on wednesday despite … 
pope francis kicked off his five day trip to africa in nairobi on wednesday despite conflicts between christians ... 

rt man gets 4 years in prison for torching cvs during baltimore unrest over freddie gray … 

ready to do some serious holiday shopping ? will offer holiday deals every 5 minutes ! 
amazon to offer holiday deals every 5 minutes 
amazon to pick up holiday pace , offer special deals every 5 minutes - 

auto emissions campaigners target testing in new renault report - 
clean air groups target automakers ' testing tricks 
clean air groups target automakers ' testing tricks ( msnbc ) ( 1213 gmt ) 
emissions campaigners target testing in new renault report - nbcnews … 
msnbc : clean air groups target automakers ' testing tricks 
dtn usa : clean air groups target automakers ' testing tricks : a swiss study found renault's espace minivan rele ... 
msnbc a swiss study found renault's espace minivan released diesel emissions 25 times legal l ... 

kasich is telling it like it is ?? 
first they came : goes after with tough video - front and center . 
first they came : kasich goes after trump with tough video 
probably the first of many as the base tries to deals with trump's presidential show . 
tv ad paraphrasing martin niemoller's poem is brilliant . 
the stupidity of supporters : they don't think his bigotry will land at their feet , but oh , it will 
read my subsequent tweets . watch this kasich ad : 
of course he can predict terrorism ; is a terrorist ! 
we were a step ahead roger ! 
first they came : goes after with tough video - via 
sooooomething tells me kasich won't be supporting trump if he's the nominee 
wow . it's a candidate first calling out trump as a hitler , with the " first they came " speech given by a us pow 
presidential candidates are finally calling a nazi : kasich goes after trump with tough video 
" first they came for " 
this isn't a " political issue " -- this is fundamental morality . first they came ... via 
well done via 
... okay , this is a hard hit from kasich . unlike his tweet attempts . 
too many don't care until it's their religion , their race , or their kind . 
the battle between ohio gov . john kasich and gop front-runner donald trump is heating up . 

did you know the 1st thanksgiving wasn't even in november ? watch our debunker : 
does anyone know in what month the first took place ? hint : not in november 
the original didn't take place in nov . do you know in when actually occurred ? 
carve up 3 thanksgiving myths with your turkey 

flour triggers anthrax alert at brussels mosque 
it was just flour for baking . :) 
eleven people were being tested for exposure to anthrax thursday after envelopes containing … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! flour triggers anthrax alert at brussels m … 
eleven people were being tested for exposure to anthrax thursday after envelopes containing white powder were ... 

boy , 7 , and parents shot and killed in columbus , ohio , home ; gunman dead - 
three in columbus , ohio , home invasion ; gunman critical 
mass shooting of the day . homegrown shooter , not refugee . 
what could refugees do that we don't already do to ourselves ? 7 yo boy , parents shot & killed by neighbor 
boy , 7 , and parents killed in ohio home ; gunman dead - 
another good guy with a gun kills his neighbors : boy , 7 , and parents shot and killed in columbus , ohio , home 
boy , 7 , and parents shot and killed in columbus , ohio , home via 
man shoots neighbors : boy , 7 , and parents killed in columbus , ohio , home via 
7-year-old boy and his parents shot and killed by a neighbor in columbus 
three killed in columbus , ohio , police-involved shooting - 
a boy and parents shot and killed in columbus , ohio , home ; gunman dead 
three killed in columbus , ohio , home invasion ; shooter dead - 
meanwhile in america : neighbor shoots and kills boy , 7 , and his parents in columbus , ohio via 
slaughter in columbus , oh yesterday 
boy , 7 , and parents are dead since shooting in columbus , ohio , home . via 
boy , 7 & his parents shot & killed in home , gunman dead ! 
three killed in ohio home invasion ; shooter dead 
three killed in ohio home invasion ; gunman critical 
seo website builder boy , 7 , and p ... 
web dsign 
★ buy twt followers ★ } boy , 7 , and parents shot and killed in columbus , ohio ,... { ☀☀☀ 
police id victims in killings as 7-year-old boy and parents . gunman also dead . 
rt three killed in columbus , ohio , officer-involved shooting . police confirm . 
three killed in columbus , ohio , home invasion via 

lufthansa union cancels plans for three-day strike 
msnbc a three-day strike at germany's flagship airline , lufthansa , has been averted after a c ... 
a three-day strike at germany’s flagship airline , lufthansa , has been averted after a cabin crew union said it ... 

family searching for missing american whose passport was scanned in paris via 

for the wizard of oz fanatics 
judy ' wizard of oz ' dress fetches $1.5 million at auction 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress goes for $1 … 
that's a pricey dress ! 
have you got any movie memorabilia like judy garland's dress from the wizard of oz ? list it on digiswaplive 
garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress goes for $1.5 million 
dress worn by judy garland in ' wizard of oz ' has sold for $ 1,560,000 at auction 
judy garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress fetches $1.5 million at auction 
judy garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress fetches $1.5 million at auction via 
becky you missed it ! 
a cool 1.5 million .......... 
dress worn by judy garland in ' the wizard of oz ' has sold for $ 1,560,000 at auction . 
garland\'s \'wizard of oz\' dress goes for . 5 million 
whoa , dorothy - that's a lot of emeralds ! the wizard of oz 
iconic .... judy garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress fetches $1.5 million at auction 
okay . who was it ? who got me this dress ? i need to know if i'm to write an appropriate " thank you " card 
thats just ridiculous !! 
garland’s ‘ wizard of oz ’ dress goes for $1.5 million 
a dress worn by judy garland in the 1939 movie “ the wizard of oz ” sold for $1.56 million at an auction in new ... 
a dress worn by judy garland in the 1939 movie " the wizard of oz " sold for $1.56 million at an auction in new ... 

about 200,000 holocaust survivors now live in israel , many of ... 
broad smiles at holocaust survivors ' beauty contest 
broad smiles , enduring spirit at holocaust survivors ' beauty contest - 
broad smiles , enduring spirit at holocaust survivors ' beauty contest : haifa , israel — to the strains of madonn ... 
which holocaust ? - enduring new yorks victimhood lies - 
to the strains of madonna's " vogue , " the 13 women with a combined age of about 1,050 … 
broad smiles and enduring spirit as winner crowned at 3rd annual holocaust survivors ' beauty pageant 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! broad smiles at holocaust survivors ' beaut … 
to the strains of madonna's " vogue , " the 13 women with a combined age of about 1,050 strutted down the runway ... 
update : broad smiles at holocaust survivors ’ beauty contest 
to the strains of madonna’s “ vogue , ” the 13 women with a combined age of about 1,050 strutted down the runway ... 
broad smiles deck holocaust survivors ’ beauty contest 

talk family , football & campaign trail sacrifices 
rt where would marco rubio most like to spend thanksgiving ? his wife jeanette told all about it : … 
rubios talk family , football and sacrifices of the campaign trail - 
" if god can build the universe in six days , we can run for president in six days , " via 
rubios talk family , football & campaign trail sacrifices : marco and jeanette rubio open up about making a ... 
" if god can build the universe in 6 days , we can run for president in 6 days ” - why he takes sundays off 
great morning read : rubio's talk family , football & sacrifices of the campaign trail via 
the next first couple discuss and i'm thankful for a 



debris found off u.k. coast could be from spacex rocket 
debris found off uk coast could be from spacex rocket - 
a chunk of metal found off the southwestern tip of england could be from a spacex rocket . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! debris found off u.k. coast could be from … 
spacex debris found ? 

jeb bush proposes additional force and ground troops to defeat isis 

' anonymous , ' fellow hackers battle islamic state in cyberspace - 
raises some very interesting ethical questions for sure ! 
' anonymous ' hackers battle isis in cyberspace 
my heroes !!! 
" anonymous " and other hackers are battling isis in cyberspace 
fellow hackers battle islamic state in cyberspace - nbc news 

charlie sheen says his hiv is ' undetectable , ' but can he infect others ? via 

rt prayers for the families of 4 military service members killed in military helicopter crash at fort hood . … 
four killed in military helicopter crash at fort hood in texas 
our thoughts and prayers are with their families and friends . via 
_claudiaw : rt gregabbot t_t x : prayers for the families of 4 military service members killed in military helicopter … 
rt tragic news from ft . hood 

rt woman arrested after trying to open plane's exit door mid-flight 


cartoons , cops and clowns at the - via 
cartoons , cops and clowns at the macy's thanksgiving day parade via 
cartoons , cops and clowns at the macy's thanksgiving day parade - nbcnews ... 

dell acknowledges security hole in recently shipped laptops - 
dell acknowledges security hole in new laptops 
dell admits software in some new laptops makes it easy for hackers to access private data . 


rt indianapolis pastor : slain wife ' didn't have an enemy in the world ' via 
" i think the most confusing things in life are when it seems like bad things happen to good people , " -davey ... 
pastor : slain wife ' didn't have an enemy in the world ' nbc news a pregnant woman who was shot to death last week ... 
indianapolis pastor davey blackburn : slain wife ' didn't have an enemy in the world ' - nbc news 
what do you think about davey blackburn ? 


two air france flights diverted after bomb threats 



last ebola patient , a baby girl named nubia , recovers 
last patient , a baby girl named nubia , recovers 
rt a baby girl in guinea , who was the last known ebola patient in west africa , has recovered : 
her name's nubia and she may be the ebola epidemic's last patient via 
baby girl named nubia may be ebola epidemic's last patient 
do you know nubia . why she's so significant : 


suspect in shooting of medical student in custody 
suspect in shooting of new orleans student in custody 
suspect in shooting of new orleans medical student in custody 
life w/o parole not enough . if they can't police their own , they should be subject to collective punishment . 
update : new orleans police : suspect in shooting of medical student taken into custody . 
great work new orleans pd & us marshalls ... 
another obama son . dragged woman down street , murdered tulane student who tried to intervene . fully confesses . 
rt update : new orleans police : suspect in shooting of medical student taken into custody . … 
we should applaud the tulane student who was shot risking his in new orleans to keep a woman from being abducted 
⚜ suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run : new orleans police announced sunday that ... 
suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run ( msnbc ) ( 1340 gmt ) 
helen hey babe . how was new orleans ? charlie the president did very well . 
new orleans police announced sunday that they had made progress in the investigation by … 
rt update : suspect in shooting of medical student who helped stop attack of woman now in custody … 
they caught the 

rt dinosaur claws and a folding trampoline top this year's ' worst toys ' list 

fear and political freak out , from ebola to paris panic and fear don't bring out the best in our political system😳😕 
officer who accused crooked cop of harassment breaks silence nbc news " he took my career , " said denise duebner .... 
what do the paris attacks have in common with ebola ? nbc news first read is a morning briefing from meet the ... 
first read : fear and political freak out , from ebola to paris food for thought via 


rt well i guess we know where donald trump stands on disabilities & the disabled vote . disgusting … 
mocking disabled reporter via nbcnews 
this story . it's a lie . 
donald trump criticized after he appears to mock reporter : 
slammed after mocking disabled reporter 
donald trump criticized after he appears to mock reporter serge kovaleski . 
he's mocked everyone else so why not the disabled . his redneck supporters won't mind . they think he's a hero 
it is so hard 2 understand why people would want this greedy , cruel , selfserving , & rude " person " , 2 lead this ... 
donald trump slammed after mocking disabled reporter trump is not running for presidenthe's trying to run away !!! 
sure . 
icymi : donald trump is under fire this week after he appeared to mock nyt reporter . 
- this is not how a acts 
video : reports on disabilities controversy - 
time for trump to go as he mocks disability . 
donald trump criticized after he appears to mock reporter : via todayshow 
todayshow : donald trump criticized after he appears to mock reporter : 
donald trump appears to mock new york times reporter's disability : nyt reaction : 
rt making fun of people , nothing new . 
new york times slams donald trump after he appears to mock reporter serge kovaleski 
rt supporters u r next -> trump mocks disabled reporter . did not ' appear ' to mock , he did via 
lmfaooo trump a savage bruh . 
wasn't mocking ? what if he is ? senile ? dementia ? 

rt risk of terrorists among migrants low in us , high in europe , intel officials tell … 
rt nbcnews : risk of terrorists among migrants low in us , high in europe , intel officials tell rwindrem … 

kasich proposes new government agency to promote judeo-christian values 
kasich proposes new government agency to promote judeo-christian values via 
rt coming frm the pol who surrendered on homo'l " marriage " : kasich proposes new govt agency to promote jud-chr'n values ht … 
rt but he's a " moderate , " remember . proposes new government agency to promote judeo-christian values … 
at least kasich isn't bashing immigrants , but still gives the impression of cultural religious warfare 
rt the u.s. already has a taxpayer-funded broadcast system : voice of america . duplication is a trait of big government https :/ … 
congrats gop , you officially have no reasonable candidates running this cycle . when you elevate chris christie to ... 
... i repeat , none of them . all of them have gone fascist to snag voters . the pool is poison . 
new to via 

watch bizarre moment boxer serenades opponent 
bizarre moment as heavyweight boxer serenades opponent 
british boxer , tyson fury , sang to his opponent wladimir klitschko who was standing ringside … 
british boxer , tyson fury , sang to his opponent wladimir klitschko who was standing ringside at a public workout ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! bizarre moment as heavyweight boxer serena … 

protesters block chicago streets over video of laquan mcdonald's ... - 
video of laquan mcdonald's killing to be released as chicago braces for protests 
protests in chicago over video of laquan mcdonald shooting 
shameful ! thank you king elliott mccants ! 
rt video of laquan mcdonald's killing released as chicago braces for protests 
rt chicago releases vid of officer shooting teen 16 times . hundreds protest >> … h … 
video shows chicago cop fatally shooting teen laquan mcdonald - 
protesters block chicago streets over video of 17-year-old's killing : 
chicago on edge . 
protesters block streets over video of killing via 
who is the mayor of chicago ? it's rahm emanuel who used to be white house chief of staff for barack obama ,... 
protesters block chicago streets over video of killing 
ok - this is something that i just don't understand . what are people protesting here ? the cop turned himself in ... 
" the chicago public school system deemed the video so disturbing that it sent pupils home with a letter to ... 
they had the video for a year . it took a year to bring an indictment . let's stop denying the system is corrupt .... 
enough is enough is enough : mt 
protesters block chicago streets over video of cop fatally shooting 
protesters block chicago streets over video of 17-year-old's killing : via todayshow 
white cop kills a black guy yielding a knife & protesters block chicago streets . 
todayshow : protesters block chicago streets over video of 17-year-old's killing : 
black men are an endangered species/and we don't even know it ! 
<< laquan , they said , was on the ground for 13 of the 15 seconds van dyke repeatedly fired . mcdonald was wounded ... 
cops can be racist . racists are everywhere . but you're telling me police are a racist agency ? get lost . via 
no rioting so far in chicago . here's the latest from nbc : 
chicago officer who shot black teen 16 times to be charged with first degree murder 
video of cop killing black teen , shot 16 times while on the ground ! 
" 16 shots ! " video of cop executing a black teenager ! 
rt : video of laquan mcdonald's killing cop has been charged with murder ! 
protesters block chicago streets over of laquan mcdonald's killing 
prayers for peace & healing for the people of & justice for & his family . 
rt chicago releases vid of officer shooting teen 16 times . hundreds protest >> https :/ … 

what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to cops 
smart kid . 
what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to cops ( msnbc ) ( 2238 gmt ) 
what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to cops : zachary becerra loves superheroes . but fo ... 
never underestimate someone b/c of their age ! 7 y/o honors one po at a time . via 
oh my gosh my heart needed this . if you can find the full story online ( i couldn't , i think because it just aired ... 
what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to police officers via 
zachary becerra loves superheroes . but for this 7-year-old , there are no greater heroes than … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! what one 7-year-old boy does to show his g … 
zachary becerra loves superheroes . but for this 7-year-old , there are no greater heroes than new york city's ... 

" watch live : white house christmas tree arrives " 
breaking news < at the white house .. in living color , the white house christmas tree arrives , and in living color .... 

only copy of new wu-tang clan​ album has been sold to an anonymous buyer for " millions . " 
single copy of new wu-tang clan album sold to anonymous buyer for " millions " 
only copy of new wu-tang album in existence sells for ' millions ' - 
rt only copy of new wu-tang album in existence sells for millions 
only copy of new wu-tang album in existence sells for ' millions ' - nbc news 
only copy of new wu-tang in existence sells for millions 
there's only one copy of the new album , and it sold for millions 
great way to bring awareness 
only copy of new wu-tang album sells for \'millions\' 
what wu-tang clan did to sell their new album is creative , but we still would've wanted a copy ☹ 
only copy of new in existence sells for millions 
only copy of in existence sells for millions ! 
i grew up on the crime side , the new york times side ... new wu-tang album in sells for millions 
who snagged the wu album ? 
wu-tang clan fans can’t stream the group’s new album , “ once upon a time in shaolin . ” instead , they will have to ... 

fourth person in custody in shooting near 
fourth man held in shooting near black lives matter protest 
jamar clark buried as another in held in shooting near protest 
jamar clark buried as another held in shooting near protest - 
fourth person in custody in shooting near protest 
fourth person in custody in shooting near these people not charged 
the four men have not been charged , but are being held in connection with the shooting that … 
the four men have not been charged , but are being held in connection with the shooting that wounded five near a ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! fourth man held in shooting near black liv … 
doesn't want to talk about these shooting 4 man held in black lives matter protest 

frank gifford had trauma-related brain disorder : family 
football star frank gifford had cte disorder , assoc . w/ repetitive head trauma , as did 79% of players in study . 
the hall of fame football star and broadcaster who died in august at age 84 , had chronic 
the nfl legend , who died in august , suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy — which … 

5 lessons from shonda rhimes ' new book ' year of yes ' 
excellent piece :-) 
top 5 lessons from new book ' year of yes ' via { just got this book this wk , excited to read ! } 
' year of yes ' : 5 lessons from shonda rhimes ' new book 
" you never say yes to anything . " who would think that statement would apply to shonda rhimes ?... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ' year of yes ' : 5 lessons from shonda rhime … 
‘ year of yes ’ : 5 lessons from shonda rhimes ’ new book 
“ you never say yes to anything . “ who would think that statement would apply to shonda rhimes ? 


scan finds surprising mutations in kids with cancer 
st jude patient juan carries genetic cancer mutations . so does his mom & brother , all tested at st jude : 
finds surprising mutations in with nbcnews 
gene scan finds surprising mutations in kids with - nbc news 
lfs in the news . 
scan finds surprising mutations in kids with cancer … 
gene scan of children with show some have genetic mutations that could run in families . 
gene scan finds surprising mutations in with via 
~ 8% of children w/cancer have genes predisposing the disease . 4 the 92% - look 2 vaccines & enviroment 4 root cause 
new research : more than 8% of children w/ cancer have mutations that could run in their families . 
some kids with cancer may have inherited dna mutations 
rt : gene scan finds surprising mutations in kids with via … 


journalist bystander recalls helping paris wounded 
' keep them on earth with us ' : bystander recalls helping paris wounded - 
sweetlucy has just clapped this picture . to view it click here 
a french television producer who received training for war wounds was near the attack on la … 


rt northwest windstorm leaves 3 dead 

hilton hotels says it found malware targeting credit card data - 
hilton hotels finds malware targeting card data 
when were you going to tell us about the credit card i had to read about it online ?!? 
msnbc hilton worldwide said tuesday it has identified and eliminated malware that targeted cu ... 

girl driving grandfather killed in car rollover : reports 
i'm just speechless ... just plain speechless ... 
cadence orcutt , 8-year-old kansas girl , killed in car crash - 
the little girl was not wearing a seat belt , the kansas highway patrol said .... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! girl driving grandfather killed in car rol … 

company at center of drug price-gouging storm cuts cost of medicine 
we'll stop calling you an asshole when you put it back to $13.50 a pill . turing pharmaceuticals - price-gouger 
it also said it will offer free starter packages to physicians in ... 
turing pharmaceutical ceo is a liar . still hasn't lowered price & won't lower it much if he does . 
company at center of drug price storm cuts cost of medicine 
instead of a 5,000 % increase now only a 2,500 % increase , what a humanitarian ... 
turing pharmaceuticals , company at center of drug price-gouging storm , cuts ... - 
good news : cuts prices ; bad news : now $375 per pill vs $1 in europe via nbcnews 
msnbc turing pharmaceuticals on tuesday said it would cut the cost of its anti-infection drug ... 
company led by reviled ceo martin shkreli cuts drug price to $375 per pill . in europe : $1 . 
. raises then lowers cost of hiv med but still nowhere near original cost & europe is still paying $1 . 

rt eiffel tower closed again over workers ' security fears 

rt gunshots heard in north paris suburb as police hunt two remaining attackers 

rt where will isis strike next ? paris may be part of systematic plan to attack western powers … 

jamar clark protests : 5 shot near black lives matter encampment 
3 white men sought in shooting at protest - 
nbc news 
arrests made in protest in mn 
archiving 
so i guess the new story is the dudes rolled up like bruce willis in die hard with a vengeance . 
minneapolis plce have arrested suspects after 5people wre shot near protest over deadly plce shooting of black man . 
five shot near protest over police killing of jamar clark 
jamar clark protests : two arrested in black lives matter shooting 
white suspect arrested in shooting ! 
two arrested in shooting at protest 
suspect arrested in shooting at protest 
it's time for some narrative power analysis on the news coverage from minneapolis ! 
so ... wait again not syrians ? 
white men sought in shooting at protest : cops were hunting three ... 
our hearts go out to the five protesters shot in minneapolis last night at 
get a job , pull your pants up and cover your ass crack , address things properly and shut the fuck up .... 
go fucking fuck yourselves you people make the rest of your race suffer the embarrassment of your sideways bullshit ! 
fuck black lives matter . every time something happens you jackass motherfuckers run around cryin racism !!! 
continue reading 
five shot at minneapolis protests for jamar clark 
5 shot during protest 
police are searching for 3 white men in connection with 5 shot and injured during a black lives matter protest in ... 
minneapolis police searching for 3 white suspects after 5 people shot near protest over shooting of black man . 
judeo-christian values probably the police in disguise fearing that murder conviction . 
cops seek 3 white men in shooting at protest 
' five shot at protests for 
prayers for those affected by the while protesting for 
nbcnightlynews : minneapolis police searching for 3 white suspects after 5 people shot near protest over shooting o … 
minneapolis police searching for 3 white suspects after 5 people shot near protest over shooting of black ma … 
incorrect , all 5 are alive- still terrible . 


rt have questions about natural supplements ; call the poison center at 1-800-222-1222 . 
federal officials arrested six executives of a big texas supplement maker on tuesday as part of a larger ... 
feds announce sweeping actions against dietary supplement makers read all about it : 
all natural ? cures alzheimer's ? maybe not , feds say 
rt all natural ? cures alzheimer's ? maybe not , feds say 
buyer beware . save your money for real food . 
feds announce \'sweeping\' actions against supplement makers 
taking supplements ? do your research before you go ! they're not all what they're cracked up to be . via 
what are your thoughts on this ? i personally believe it's been a long time coming . 
rt feds announce ' sweeping ' actions against supplement makers 
rt mkweb feds announce ' sweeping ' actions against supplement makers 
news : feds scrutinizing supplement makers misrepresenting ingreds . 
your “ natural ” may contain prescription drugs & end up being dangerous to your life 
feds arrest execs of supplement co's responsible for deaths from supplements 
rt not targeting all makers but the … 

consumer prices edged higher in october ( via 

rt facebook suspends account of woman named isis 

rt how forces retailers to alter holiday game plans 
how shopping technology forces retailers to alter holiday game ... 
rt how shopping technology forces retailers to alter holiday game plans - 
retailer’s holiday strategy has to adapt to the growing shopping innovations : 
tech forces retailers to alter holiday game plans 
how forces retailers to alter game plans by 
with the help of helps consumers and changes the game for retailers . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! tech forces retailers to alter holiday gam … 
smartphone apps , browser extensions and other digital tools are forcing retailers to rethink their approach to ... 
msnbc smartphone apps , browser extensions and other digital tools are forcing retailers to re ... 
good camel linkage lately : ; ; 
that finds forces retailers to change holiday game plans 

get the nationwide thanksgiving day forecast 
a large storm will cover much of the nation on thanksgiving and may thwart travelers .... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! get the nationwide thanksgiving day foreca … 

astronomers observe birth of an alien planet for first time 

rt feds seize hundreds of not-so-hot tamales in traveler's luggage 

suspect befriended family before campsite massacre : cops 
befriended family before texas campsite massacre : cops via 

rt pastor says his slain wife ' didn't have an enemy in the world ' 

rt hillary clinton says taking in refugees is ' who we are as americans ' 

rt journalist trained to treat wounds recalls helping paris attack victims … 
rt nbcnews " journalist trained to treat wounds recalls helping paris attack victims leste … " 
nbcnews : journalist trained to treat wounds recalls helping paris attack victims lesterho … 


61-year-old male sex offender gets past airport security using woman's boarding pass . 
sex offender got past tsa with woman's boarding pass 
man gets past " security " using woman's stolen boarding pass . tsa : " both passengers fully screened " 
the rolls out the welcome mat for sex-offenders with stolen boarding passes ! 
this agency needs to be shut down : sex offender got past with woman boarding pass 
a registered sex offender made it through a tsa checkpoint with a boarding pass that … 
msnbc a registered sex offender made it through a tsa checkpoint with a boarding pass that be ... 
sex offender got past with woman's boarding pass : cops 
name match check ? 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! sex offender got past tsa with woman's boa … 
a registered sex offender made it through a tsa checkpoint with a boarding pass that belonged to a female ... 

defense secretary ashton carter : we are at war with isis 
defense secretary carter : we are at war with isis 
“ defense secretary ashton carter : we are at war with isis ” nice to hear 

rt paris attacks : isis digs in , anticipating assault on syria's raqqa 
isis fortifies defenses in syria stronghold : residents 

breaking news : isis declared war against bangladesh ... 
isis and - spea's sumit ganguly : 
new isis magazine offers chilling clues to terror group\'s growth 
sumit ganguly tells isis ' indication it has moved into bangladesh is a real problem : 
isis magazine details attacks , expansion 
nbc goes in depth into isis lariat magazine publication that details paris attacks 
" ( isis in bangladesh)deeply worrisome , for d reason of bl proximity 2 india & d porousness of the border , " s ganguly 
magazine details attacks , expansion into new countries via 
new magazine : chilling clues to terror group's growth+the bombing of that 
the latest issue of dabiq describes operations in bangladesh and claims credit for acts of terror in multiple ... 
the latest issue of dabiq describes operations in bangladesh and claims credit for acts of … 

how to tell if you have a crummy 401(k ) plan 
here's how to tell if you have a crummy 401(k ) plan via 
401(k ) fees can range from 50 basis points up to 3 percent . that's a big (& costly ) difference . via 

