
stuff like this isn't something i can imagine president obama saying in his first term . 
the time has come to support and not the racist gop candidates who want to replace him . 





angie's list rejects $512 million takeover offer from iac - 

can't wait until black friday ? grab these early deals 
rt can't wait until black friday ? grab these early deals : looking for a new ipad ? how about an apple watch ? best ... http … 
can't wait until black friday ? grab early deals 
can't wait until black friday ? grab early deals on gadgets : looking for a new ipad ? how about an apple watch o ... 
looking for a new ipad ? how about an apple watch ? best buy is offering big discounts on them for black friday .... 
looking for an ipad ? how about an apple watch or a new tv ? black friday is days away , but some deals are online now 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! can't wait until black friday ? grab early … 


' muted ' forecast 
rt are you a big shopper ? ' muted ' black friday forecast for retailers , with tvs , toys giv … 
' muted ' black friday forecast for retailers , with tvs , toys giving a lift - 
' muted ' black friday in store for retailers , analysts say 
is black friday as big of a shopping moment as it used to be ? check out this story from 
shopping during the black market is overestimated 
rt ' muted ' black friday forecast for retailers , with tvs , toys g … 
is black friday as big of a shopping moment as it used to be ? check out this story from todayshow by nielsen 
nielsen : is black friday as big of a shopping moment as it used to be ? check out this story from todayshow 
rt is black friday as big of a shopping moment as it used to be ? check out this story fro … 
a ‘ muted ’ forecast 
see what products retail analysts expect to be hot or not on " muted " 


cards against humanity makes $ 71,000 selling absolutely nothing 
rt cards against humanity made $ 71,000 yesterday by selling absolutely nothing via 
clever 
cards against humanity convinces thousands to just give them $5 - | give me $5 - 
something new ! 
rt cah fans buy nothing for $5 ? color me unshocked | cards against humanity makes $ 71,000 … 
. made $ 71,000 on by selling nothing . lolz . 
cards against humanity makes $ 71,000 by selling absolutely nothing 
i'm living my life all wrong . rt um : 
cards against humanity makes $ 71,000 by selling absolutely nothing via 
makes $ 71,000 on black friday by selling absolutely nothing 
cards against humanity makes $ 71,000 on black friday by selling absolutely nothing - nbc news 
what the fuck lol 
rt cards against humanity makes $ 71,000 selling absolutely nothing 
you gotta be frigging kidding me . apparently there's 14,000 suckers out there 
rt people gave cah $71k+ for no reason , touché interwebz : 
people gave $71k+ for no reason , touché interwebz : 
rt too funny not to share ... cah makes $71k by selling absolutely nothing enetworkmkt 
too funny not to share ... makes $71k by selling absolutely nothing 
rt lolz . cards against humanity makes $ 71,000 on black friday by selling absolutely nothi … 
lest you had any doubts that a whole bunch of people are stupid . 
sells nothing for and makes $ 71,000 
looks like cards against humanity won black friday again ! - luca 
rt make … 
rt pull … 
makes $ 71,000 on black friday by … 
geniusmedia : pulls off the great … 
pulls off the greatest 
rt makes $ 71,000 on black friday by s … 
rt geniusmedia : pulls off the greates … 
makes $ 71,000 by selling absolut … 
rt makes $ 71,000 by selling absolutel … 
makes $ 71,000 by selling absolutely nothing on 
cards against humanity makes $ 71,080 on by selling … nothing 
amazing what you can get , just ask $ 71,000 for selling absolutely nothing 🙌🏼 
this is how absolutely ridiculous people are . 
cards against humanity makes $ 71,000 on black friday by selling ... nothing ?! 
company makes $ 71,000 on black friday and sells absolutely nothing 
what a good idea ! 
lee t bibik stuart salter 
cards against humanity makes $ 71,000 by selling nothing 

france's president urges ' grand coalition ' against isis - 
france's president hollande in moscow urges ' grand coalition ' against isis - 
doesn't want in .. “ france president hollande in moscow urges ' grand coalition ' against isis ” 
france's president hollade in moscow urges ' grand coalition ' against isis 
francois hollande is on a diplomatic offensive to build a coalition against the islamist … 
france’s president urges ‘ grand coalition ’ against isis 
francois hollande is on a diplomatic offensive to build a coalition against the islamist group that has claimed ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! france's president urges ' grand coalition'… 
rt france’s president urges ‘ grand coalition ’ against isis 


recon app watches your other apps for leaked private info 
app recon watches other apps for leaked private info . 

kabbalah centre follower wins $ 177,000 in sexual misconduct suit 
\'rabbi to the stars\' case : ex-follower awarded 77k 
' rabbi to the stars ' case : ex-follower awarded $177k 
rt kabbalah centre follower wins $ 177,000 in sexual misconduct suit ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ' rabbi to the stars ' case : ex-follower awa … 
the case marked the latest controversy faced over the years by the kabbalah centre , a non … 
the case marked the latest controversy faced over the years by the kabbalah centre , a non-profit organization ... 
‘ rabbi to the stars ’ case : ex-follower awarded $177k 

founder jeff bezos ' space company lands a rocket - 
control system engineering has come a long way !... 
amazon founder jeff bezos ' space company safely lands a rocket - 
this is amazing . absolutely an amazing step towards the future - and done with private funds at no risk to tax ... 
founder jeff bezos ' company safely lands a 
amazon founder bezos ' space company lands a rocket 
every visionary starts out with a crazy idea that nobody believes is possible - take that you non-believers ! 
jeff bezos ' space transportation company , blue origin , successfully landed a suborbital rocket at its launch site 
what does amazon not do ?? 
amazon founder jeff bezos ' space company successfully lands a rocket 
i think jeff bezos is beginning to look like dr. evil ! 
amazon founder jeff bezos ' space transportation company , blue origin , successfully landed a suborbital rocket ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! amazon founder jeff bezos ' space company l … 
what's going on dc ? amazon founder jeff bezos ' space company safely lands a … get found -> 
amazon founder bezos ' rocket company sticks the landing : amazon founder jeff bezos ' space transportation compa ... 

who was in — and who's still on the run 

app helps report racial profiling allegations at airports - 
if you're this week , make sure to download flyrights from to protect yourself . 
if you're profiled by this weekend , make sure you report it through the flyrights app . 
this there's an app for that ! flyrights from 
flying while brown this week ? there's an app for that ! flyrights from that all can use 
new story by nbc's on our flyrights report profiling app that u can use as you travel this weekend . 
developed by to help report at airports that can be used by anyone ! 
yo ! report incidences of tsa harrasment using flyright 

georgia death row inmate asks for six-pack of beer as last meal via 
georgia inmate asks for six-pack of beer as last meal 
because it's bad for your health !! 
georgia inmate marcus ray johnson denied beer as last meal - 
marcus ray johnson denied a 6 pack of beer as his last meal . many doubts about his guilt . set to be executed ... 

what it was like on the ferguson frontlines - 
ferguson frontlines : photojournalist reflects one year later 
nice story about our own christian gooden of the post-dispatch . 
ferguson from the frontlines : photojournalist christian gooden reflects on the birth of … 
news : prize-winning photojournalist reflects on ferguson 1 year later – nbc news 
ferguson from the frontlines : photojournalist christian gooden reflects on the birth of black lives matter ,... 
i know many of you are focused on prepping for the holiday , but please join talkblack co-founder chandra thomas ... 
ferguson frontlines : pulitzer winning photojournalist reflects 1 year later 
" i even found myself angry at my own newsroom at times - about how we were covering it and how some people were ... 


paris attacks : probe centers on brussels suburb of molenbeek - 

will rei's closure on thanksgiving and black friday pay dividends ? - 
how closing on thanksgiving has become a marketing strategy 
will rei's closure on thanksgiving , black friday pay dividends ? 
rt how closing on thanksgiving has become a marketing strategy 
rei has opted to stay closed on black friday so its employees and customers can explore the outdoors . 
rt i used to work in retail and i agree that consumerism has spiraled out of control . i f … 
i used to work in retail and i agree that consumerism has spiraled out of control . i fully support this ! 
rt rei has opted to stay closed on black friday so its employees and customers can explor … 
rt psycographics & social media to connect with customers : closes on & … 
psycographics & social media to connect with customers : closes on & says 
will rei\'s closure on black friday pay dividends ? 
anti black friday comment shows how low retail confidence today . don't be fooled by the spin from brands like rei 
will rei\'s closure on thanksgiving pay dividends ? 
will rei's closure on thanksgiving pay dividends ? : amid a backlash over thanksgiving shopping , rei can now see ... 
shop their co . must payoff > will rei's closure on thanksgiving , blackfriday pay dividends ? > via 
closing on is worth the brand recognition : via 
will rei's closure on and black friday pay dividends ? 
rt i say it should . i'll spend my share at rei . will rei's closure on thanksgiving , black … 
will rei's closure on thanksgiving and friday pay dividends ? 
will closure on and pay dividends ? 

home abortions rise after texas law closes clinics 

president obama : no credible reports of a ' plot on the homeland ' 
obama to nervous u.s. : no credible reports of terror plot 
obama to nervous nation : no credible reports of terror plot 
rt obama to nervous u.s. : no credible reports of terror plot via 
to nervous nation : no credible reports of plot 
it is very unhealthy - in every sense of the word - for americans to be in a constant state of hysteria , fear and ... 
next → president obama and his national security team work to calm fears over potential terror threats . 
no credible treat on homeland , and he is correct ! there has been no threats made toward his 
on run to win : the darryl wood show . the president says he's not aware of any specific terror threat to the u . s.: 
no credible reports of on the homeland ! 
obama to brief the nation on homeland security 
obama will speak from the white house after meeting with his national security team in the situation room . be ... 
president obama : no credible reports of a ' plot on the … 

rt all aboard : single-molecule submarine cruises the atomic seas - nbc news 
laying the groundwork for the blood-nannies of ( 
laying the foundation for blood-nannies : 
love the medical and environmental application possibilities . single-molecule submarine cruises the atomic seas 

black male kills father , stabs mother in dispute over food ... 
mississippi man kills father , stabs mother in dispute over food 
mississippi man kills father , stabs mother in dispute over fast food 
cops : man kills father , stabs mother in dispute over food ... 
rt cops : man kills father , stabs mother in dispute over food ... 
man kills father , stabs mother in dispute over food — hendrix communications — kh 
nobody better lay a finger on his butterfinger . 
rt ..... this asshole killed his father and stabbed his mom over some food ...... ...... w-t-f 
smh ... if he could have just held out another day , he could have probably gotten a thanksgiving meal . 
totally makes sense . i see where he is coming from ... ugh ... 
man kills father , stabs mother in fight over food : cops 
this guy is sick 
weird , most people with face tattoos are stand up citizens , said no one , ever .. 
caused by climate change ??? mississippi man kills father , stabs mother in dispute over f … 
where you at on this one ... thought so . 
not even recipes are safe 



most powerful nations ban hacking for commercial gain 


2,000 contract airport workers go on strike at seven u.s. hubs 
2,000 contract workers go on strike at seven u.s. airports 
air service worker's union strikes at 7 locations , demand $15 hour . 
rt 7 major airports baggage handlers are on strike today . from boston to texas .. hope none of you are travelling .!... htt … 
2,000 contract airport workers go on strike at seven u.s. hubs incl . logan airport in boston via 
they should be fired immediately . unfortunately they are mostly minorities and you're not allowed to ! via 
airport workers at the country's busiest hubs are on strike today . 
rt i wonder if this is why my initial flight was delayed 3 hours -_- 



man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment ( msnbc ) ( 1838 gmt ) 
man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment via 
a loser killed this deputy because he was in law enforcement , no other reason ....... 
man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment : man accused of killing a houston sheriff's deputy in ... 
accused killer targeted texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment - 
man killed texas deputy because he was a cop : indictment ( msnbc ) ( 1510 gmt ) 


rt death row inmate who asked for beer as his last meal will likely get fruit punch instead … 

eagles of death metal ' horrified ' by bataclan club attack 
eagles of death metal ' horrified ' by bataclan attack in paris - 

retailers on the lookout for stealthy malware attacks 
on the lookout for stealthy attacks after warning 
on lookout for stealthy attacks after warning 
retailers on the lookout for payment-card-stealing holiday shopping season via 
u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches leading into the holiday shopping season 
msnbc u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches after a cyber intelligence firm ... 
u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches after a cyber intelligence firm … 
tis the season ? retailers on the lookout after warning - 
u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches after a spider intelligence firm privately warned them ... 
u.s. retailers are hunting for evidence of new breaches after a cyber intelligence firm privately warned them ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! retailers on the lookout for stealthy malw … 

a detroit thief dressed in a convincing costume stole over $ 500,000 from an armored truck 
thief dressed as security guard walks off with more than $ 500,000 via 
thief dressed as security guard walks off with 00k 
thief disguised as security guard steals more than $ 500,000 : 
thief dressed as security guard walks off with $500k 
thief dressed as security guard walks off with $500k : the thief asked a loomis driver ... via 
detroit thief disguised as security guard makes off with more than $ 500,000 
catch me if you can- perennially relevant because of the power of social camouflage : 
thief dressed as security guard walks off with $ 500,000 
he is long gone 
thief dressed as security guard walks off with 00,000 
hey you didn't make a quick stop in the d did you ? 
detroit thief disguised as security guard makes off with more than $500000 - 
the thief asked a loomis driver to open his van , which the driver did willingly after … 
the thief asked a loomis driver to open his van , which the driver did willingly after assuming the man was a ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! thief dressed as security guard walks off … 

pope francis lands in kenya on first stop of africa tour - 
brushing aside security concerns , pope francis arrives in kenya for his first africa visit . 
lands in on first stop of tour via 
pope francis arrived in kenya on tuesday . he later is scheduled to visit uganda and the … 
the conquering of afrikan minds never stops ! " cast aside your white god , you are free ! " 
pope francis arrived in kenya on tuesday . he later is scheduled to visit uganda and the central african republic . 
pope francis lands in on first stop of africa tour via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! pope francis land … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! pope francis lands in kenya on first stop … 

russia has cut off gas supplies to ukraine ( again ) ambitious eu anyone ? 
rt russia has cut off gas supplies to ukraine ( again ) ambitious … 
russia cuts off gas supplies as ukraine shivers 
cuts off supplies as shivers 
cuts off gas supplies to 
msnbc russia's supplies to ukraine recommenced in early october after gazprom received $234 m ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! russia cuts off gas supplies as ukraine sh … 
russia's supplies to ukraine recommenced in early october after gazprom received $234 … 
russia's supplies to ukraine recommenced in early october after gazprom received $234 million out of a promised ... 
russia’s supplies to ukraine recommenced in early october after gazprom received $234 million out of a promised ... 

" a rabid dog running around your neighborhood . " to visit syrian refugees in jordan ! ( shameless ) 
ben carson to visit syrian refugees in jordan 
perhaps he'll realize that there are no members of isis among them , and change his position in regards to the u.s. 
to visit in 
the retired neurosurgeon will visit a refugee camp in northern jordan . he has come under … 
sending apologies in advance for the impending insanity ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ben carson to visit syrian refugees in jor … 

meet the woman fighting to save her people from 
rt yazidi legislator vian dahkil is a desperate people’s last and only hope . 
one woman's fight against isis 
meet the woman fighting to save her people from isis via nbcnews 
inspirational !! 
the amazing courage of one woman fighting to save her people from daesh . via 
vian dahkil fights to save yazidis from extermination by isis 
difficult to imagine the horrors of life there . 
yazidi girls sold for sex " sometimes [ for ] $100 , sometimes [ 1 cig] " — " they sell the girls and nobody does anything " 
vian dahkil fights to save yazidis from extermination by isis - nbc news 
the fight to say girls 
vian dahkil fights to save from extermination by 
great story on a yazidi woman in iraq fighting to save her people from genocide 
meet the woman fighting to save her pe ... via | 
rt meet the woman fighting to save her people from 
meet the yazidi woman fighting to save her people from isis 
a letter addressed to michelle obama pleading for the first lady's backing went unanswered god help them . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! meet the woman fighting to save her people … 

germany to support military campaign against isis 
germany to support military campaign against isis following direct french appeal for berlin to do more . 
nbcnightlynews : germany to support military campaign against isis following direct french appeal for berlin to do … 
rt imwhitneyblack : germany to support milit ... | … 
to support military campaign against after french appeal via 

' i can feel it ' : trump says he can predict terrorism 
says he can predict terrorism : ' i can feel it ' 
looks like his egotistic arrogance has gotten the best of him , will soon be the end of him ??? 
trump says he can predict terrorism via ' feel ' 
rt donald says he can predict terrorism : ' i can feel it ' can't make this crap up ! … 
rt " the other thing i predicted is terrorism . " 
rt ' i can feel it ' : trump says he can predict terrorism via 
rt says he can predict terrorism via ' feel ' bankruptcy predictions ? not so much 
seems kind of of obvious funding osama would come back & bite us in the ass .. trump thinks hes got super power ? lol 
rt " it's about vision , folks , " said last night while touting his own ability to predict trends and circumstances https :/ … 
trump can predict terrorism - he can " feel " it . this is a man we want in charge of a nuclear arsenal ? 
his magic spidey senses tell him about terrorism . if i weren't watching it i would think it was a parody . this ... 
channeling phil collins , trump says he can " feel " terrorism via nbcnewsv 
. via trump says he can predict terrorism . maybe time to change careers 
🙄'i can feel it ' : trump says he can predict terrorism😑 
i can predict it too , if he gets elected we all will be terrorized 
i can relate . i just get this feeling in my gut when i watch some windbag on tv that's completely full of shit . 
thats interesting cuz my douche-sense is tingling reading this:' i can feel it ' : trump says he can predict terrorism 
trump's latest talent is " feeling it " as a way of predicting terrorism . 
who needs ? we have real news to entertain us . i can't believe this is real ! 
retweeted alex seitz-wald ( " the other thing i predicted is terrorism . " 
donald trump now claims he can predict terrorism . " i can feel it . " 
he can feel it ! we're saved !!! 
rt rt aseitzwald : " the other thing i predicted is terrorism . " 
trump says that he can predict terrorism cuz he can ' feel it ' 
" the other thing i predicted is terrorism . " … 
so we all agree this is a totally normal , regular fact ? trump says he can predict terrorism via ‘ feel ’ 

rt cdc sees ' alarming ' increase in sexually transmitted diseases 

protesters march in chicago's shopping district 
puts windows over human life " we're not going to let windows get broken . we're not going to let places get looted . " 
protesters flood chicago\'s downtown shopping district 
laquan mcdonald shooting : protesters disrupt black friday shopping in downtown - 
speaking of shopping , i wonder where his family is spending the $5mil in blood money 
shooting : protesters disrupt shopping in downtown chicago ! 
so i hope these ppl have been documented shuttin down chi-town 4 the gang violence 2 ... 
well done ! 
rt " what do we want ? justice . when do we want it ? now ! " … 
a day to remember . how are you showing your support ? 
rt shooting : protesters disrupt shopping in downtown chicago ! 
black friday protest in chicago for young man shot 16 times by police . 
protesters block black friday stores in shopping district via 
chicago protesters very shrewdly block access to stores on the magnificent mile on 
so disrupting shopping is more important than black lives ! 
all these democratic citiesemanuel should step down as mayorbut this has been going on in the news and no protestors 

i love heroism and clowns , this is like my perfect story ^^ 
\'doo doo\' and his clown car rescues 2 women 
the clown who rescued 2 women with his clown car from a would-be attacker 
" the women , managed to get into the clown car " 
" as for doo doo , he now has a story " 
" with his cousin & 2 other clowns in the car , 1 of them pregnant " 
umm , hello ? doo-doo and a clown car to the rescue ! 


trial dates set for journalist in possession of bulletproof vest , helmet in thailand via 
trial dates set for anthony kwan , journo facing up to 5 years for carrying bulletproof vest , helmet in thailand 


judge gives preliminary ok to $8m settlement over sony 
judge gives preliminary ok to sony hack settlement 
unidrone explorer > judge gives preliminary ok to sony hack settlement 


rt who was killed in paris attacks — and who's still on the run 


supreme court blocks vote counting in hawaii election 
scotus blocks vote toward path for sovereignty for native hawaiians . but , if they're claim … 
supreme court blocks vote counting in election via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! supreme court blocks vote counting in hawa … 
the election was intended to be a step toward creating an indian-tribe-style governmental entity for native ... 
u.s. supreme court blocks vote counting in - the u.s. supreme court on friday blocked counting ... 

love notes honor late wife 
a husband honors his late wife by handing out 100 love notes to strangers on the streets of charlotte , north ... 

dogs devour owner\'s corpse 
dogs devour owner's corpse via 
oooooooooooh wow devour owner's corpse via 
i've said for years this will happen to me - dogs devour owner's corpse 
happy thanksgiving ! dogs devour owner's corpse - nbc news 
dogs devour owner's corpse : authorities say dogs belonging to an arkansas pet hoarder ate her body after she p ... 
dtn usa : dogs devour owner's corpse : authorities say dogs belonging to an arkansas pet hoarder ate her body af ... 


man admits stealing brain tissue from museum 
burglar who stole , sold brain tissue jailed for 4 years 
rt it is dedicated to lady gaga burglar who stole , sold brain ti … 
a man who sold brain tissue to a san diego resident has admitted stealing the human brain samples and other ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! burglar who stole … 
a man who sold brain tissue to a san diego resident has admitted stealing the human brain … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! burglar who stole , sold brain tissue jaile … 


thanks treat : gas prices are lowest in 7 years 
thanksgiving treat : gas prices are lowest in 7 years via 
thanksgiving treat : gas prices are lowest in 7 years via happy thanksgiving 
thanks obama ! thanksgiving treat : gas prices are lowest in 7 years via 
traveling for thanksgiving ? gas prices are lowest in 7 years 
thank you mr. president obama 
we won't be on the road , but this is good news for everyone who will be ! 
traveling for thanksgiving ? gas prices are lowest in seven years - 

rt heavy winds leave thousands in nw us without power what's god's role in the weather ? … 


trump's supporters say they like that he " tells it like it is , " but they don't know what " it " is . 
what trump supporters think about race and religion 
here\'s what trump supporters really think 
supporters deeply wary of illegal immigration , syrian refugees in u.s. 
rt supporters deeply wary of illegal immigration , syrian refugees in u.s. … 
trump supporters deeply wary of illegal immigration , syrian refugees : polls : 
heres what trump supporters think of trump 
supporters are hateful , s just like himself . 
trump supporters deeply wary of illegal immigration , syrian refugees in us : polls 
trump supporters deeply wary of illegal in u.s polls via 
wary - as well as majority of americans trump supporters wary if illegals , refugees via 
we supporters agree completely with trump ! things have got to change or americans are doomed ! we are sick of it all ! 
nbc writes another slasher article on and his american supporters . 
what trump supporters really think about race and religion 
sounds like a white supremist doctrine ??? 
. ran a really crap hit piece against your supporters -> 
are trump's supporters racist ? the answer to that is obvious & he plays to it too . his supporters are 90% white 
info about trump supporters : 
here's what supporters really think 
nbc's hot take : trump supporters tend to support trump's positions 
think about - nbc news 
thanks to for bringing out worst of america . sad . what supporters think about race and religion 
so trump supporters are smart and care more about america than being politically correct ! go trump !! 
those w/privilege supporting 1 w/ privilege & power , attack 1s w/out either . sounds like racism to me . 
watching a movie and dont give shit about america , ok well i tried " the public sucks " : 
rt has no idea what supporters believe . is not about race https : … 
interesting article tip toed through tough questions supporters = uneducated fascist 
has no idea what supporters believe . is not about race via 

astronomers observe birth of an alien planet for first time via 
this is kind of awesome ... " astronomers observe birth of an alien planet for first time " via 
astronomers observe birth of an alien planet for first time via nbcnews . this is so cool 
rt astronomers observe birth of planet for very first time ! 
rt why aren't we making a bigger deal of this ? astronomers observe birth of an alien planet for first time … 

friday in pictures : shooting in colorado and more 
revjjackson : rt qktipcom : shooting breaks out in colorado springs , france pays homage to paris attacks victims , re … 
shooting breaks out in colorado springs , france pays homage to paris attacks victims , rev . jesse jackson speaks ... 

maryland college closes , pennsylvania high school on alert as search continues ... 




kerry arrives in israel for talks with netanyahu , abbas 
kerry arrives in israel for talks w/ netanyahu , abbas - i thank 4 speaking out against terror in israel 
rt kerry arrives in israel for talks with netanyahu , abbas 
kerry arrives in israel to ' calm things down a little ' 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! kerry arrives in israel to ' calm things do … 
a rash of deadly attacks have dampened any lingering hopes of renewed peace negotiations … 
kerry arrives in israel to ‘ calm things down a little ’ 
a rash of deadly attacks have dampened any lingering hopes of renewed peace negotiations between israel and the ... 

rt here's how to tell if you have a crummy 401(k ) plan 

rt man on house guests : ' i didn't know they were terrorists . ' latest : … 

rt muscle men in jewish divorce scheme headed to jail - 

rt source : rams wr stedman bailey suffers a non-life threatening gunshot wound . 
st. louis rams\' player stedman bailey shot : source 
rt source : rams wr stedman bailey has been shot ; team will be issuing a statement within the hour 
rt prayers up for steadman bailey who suffered a gunshot to the head per reports it's not life threatening thank god https : … 
rt former mountaineer receiver stedman bailey has suffered a gunshot wound . 
from nbc sports talk for android : source : stedman bailey has been shot 
rt wr stedman bailey has been shot ; team will be issuing a statement within the hour - … 
source : stedman bailey has been shot wow ... 🙏 
rams receiver stedman baily in critical condition after being shot in miami 
more terrible new for the rams . -bill 

rt anonymous and fellow hackers battle isis in cyberspace 

centcom may have \'manipulated\' isis intel 
centcom may have ' manipulated ' isis intel , officials say 
rt centcom may have ' manipulated ' isis intel : senior military officials tell nbc news tha ... … 
rt centcom may have ' manipulated ' isis intel so now can we impeach him ? 
skewed intelligence reports can impede an accurate assessment of our strategy & ultimately harms our natl security . 
rt msnbc : centcom may have ' manipulated ' isis intel 
centcom ' manipulated ' isis intel , to help obama !! 
woww ... ok ... hold on to your hats ... it's comingggg ! 
may have ' manipulated ' intel , officials say via 
pentagon papers anyone ? ... those , who do not learn from history , are condemned to repeat it . 

explosive belt found in paris suburb 
more ridiculous staged theatrical false flag propaganda ... 
the discovery in the montrouge neighborhood triggered new worries as investigators continued … 
the discovery in the montrouge neighborhood triggered new worries as investigators continued an international ... 

pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall | via 
abid naseer , pakistani man , sentenced in u.s. to 40 years for al qaeda plot 
pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall ( msnbc ) ( 1511 gmt ) 
pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall ( msnbc ) ( 1234 gmt ) 
pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall vía 
pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall ( msnbc ) ( 0952 gmt ) 
pakistani man gets 40 years for plot to bomb shopping mall : abid naseer was convicted nearly six years after h ... 
pakistani man gets 40 years for terror plot to bomb shopping mall 

dallas woman charged in butt injection death 

it stings to read this , but it needs more thoughtful coverage . string of student deaths in miami 
student deaths jolt troubled miami neighborhood 
string of student deaths jolt troubled miami neighborhood via nbcnews 
student deaths jolt troubled miami neighborhood ( msnbc ) ( 0805 gmt ) 
student deaths jolt troubled miami neighborhood - the killings of four high school students in miami's t ... 
liberty city , fl : 
rt a neglected miami neighborhood faces more tragedy : high school students getting shot to death . via … 
" from 2009 to 2013 , about a third of shooting victims between the ages of 15 and 24 across all of miami-dade ... 
a neglected miami neighborhood faces more tragedy : high school students getting shot to death . via nbcnews 
sad but well done piece on one miami neighborhood's constant struggle with youth gun violence 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! student deaths jolt troubled miami neighbo … 
the killings of four high school students in miami's troubled liberty city neighborhood … 
the killings of four high school students in miami's troubled liberty city neighborhood since may has ushered in ... 

rt researchers grow new vocal cords from cells 



rt chicken salad sickens 19 with e . coli : 
a affects people in 7 states : 
costco chicken salad sickens 19 with e coli . 
throw out the costco chicken salad , cdc says 
rt if you have chicken salad from costco , throw it away . 19 people in 7 states are sick with e coli infection . … 
nineteen people in seven states are sick with an e coli infection linked to chicken salad from costco 
costco rotisserie sickens 18 with e coi , cdc says by 
" consumers who purchased rotisserie chicken salad from any store in the united states on or before ... 
costco just started an e-coli outbreak . this is why i am 
throw that chicken salad from costco in the trash ! 
if you bought some and haven't ate it yet ... then don't . 
$cost killing people with chicken salad omggggggggg 
throw out the $cdc says nbcnews 
19 sickened , including some here in california . 
on chicken salad at 
just a heads up 
rt cdc says 19 sick in costco chicken salad e coli outbreak 
i so sicken of all this ecoli scares . and war with russia and turkeys . all the killings . this world has gone over ... 
stay away from the chicken salad at costco , e coli alert warning . 
hey costco friends- if you bought the rotisserie chicken salad friday or afterward- throw it out !!! 


how to keep your data safe when shopping online : 
how to keep your data safe while online shopping 
shopping online this holiday season ? here's how to keep your data safe 
djpnews : rt robdouglas3 : how to keep your data safe ... online shopping via nbcnews 
rt how to keep your data safe ... online shopping via 
online shoppers can take a few simple steps to make sure they don't end up as identity-theft victims this holiday se … 
the holiday shopping season is underway and there are deals galore on the web . but those deals could give hackers ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! how to keep your data safe while online sh … 
shopping online ? here's how to keep your data safe 
msnbc the holiday shopping season is underway and there are deals galore on the web . but thos ... 

' we cannot succumb to fear ' : u.s. , france unite against isis 
' we cannot succumb to fear ' : us , france unite against isis - 
obama , hollande to discuss paris attacks , isis threat 
obama : " we cannot succumb to fear . we share the same trust in freedom . " u.s. & france unite against isis 
obama , french president discuss paris attacks , isis threat 
obama , french president to discuss paris attacks , isis threat 
hollande's trip to washington is part of a diplomatic push to get the international … 
obama , hollande discuss paris attacks , isis threat - 
says go through 2 years of vetting before they are allowed into the country . live now 


vehicles in high humidity areas along gulf coast get top priority for repairs as govt begins massive 


' we cannot go on like this ' : says family of deserve justice ............. 
obama ' deeply disturbed ' by video of laquan mcdonald shooting - 
' deeply disturbed ' by of laquan mcdonald shooting 
obama ' deeply disturbed ' by laquan mcdonald video 
" obama ' deeply disturbed ' by video of laquan mcdonald shooting " so many unjust murders , so many things ... but if ... 
obama ' deeply disturbed ' by video of laquan mcdonald shooting - nbc news 
just more dirt in the system ! 
venture a my way is deeply disturbed ? 🤔 
hillary clinton says laquan mcdonald kin deserve justice 
deeply disturbed by chicago shoot video ? why wasn't he & rahm emanuel disturbed a year ago ? switch & ditch ! 
obama ' deeply disturbed ' by video of shooting via 
there is so very wrong about how the man was gun down by a cop unarmed . i don't care what side your own , this ... 
pols like clinton & obama have created dependency to guarantee power . then fan the flames when this happens . 
the family of the black chicago teen whose videotaped killing by a white police officer … 
hillary clinton says family of laquan mcdonald deserve justice via 
the family of the black chicago teen whose videotaped killing by a white police officer stirred nationwide ... 
charge & garry mccarthy w/the murder of laquan mcdonald 
' we cannot go on like this ' : hillary clinton weighs in on laquan mcdonald case 

mali arrests two suspects linked to bamako hotel attack : ministry ( ( 1806 gmt ) 



rt feds announce ' sweeping ' actions against supplement makers , including arrests 

rt home abortions rise after texas law closes clinics 

know it all : wednesday's top 7 stories at nbc news 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! know it all : wednesday's top 7 stories at … 
here are some of today's top headlines .... 

rt why republican governors have fizzled in the 2016 presidential race 


' tech tats ' use conductive ink to put a circuit on your 
rt ' tech tats ' use conductive ink to put a circuit on your 
who needs a when you can have a smart tattoo 
these use conductive ink to put a circuit on your skin via 
imagine a when you can pay by scanning your bicep --> via : 
' tech tats ' put circuits on your skin with conductive ink 
tech tats , now thats a cool idea 
how to put a on your 
tech tato , a heart rate monitor , thermometer , nfc chip or other sensors easily be attached to skin 
" a heart rate monitor , thermometer , nfc chip or any number of other sensors could easily be attached " - 
resurrected ink , this sounded really cool for a brief moment . 
okay if i ever get a tattoo it will be one of these : 
who needs a smartwatch when you can have a smart tattoo ? the tech team at chaotic moon studios has made it ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ' tech tats ' put circuits on your skin with … 

know it all : friday's top 7 stories at nbc news 
here are the top stories is following this thanksgiving weekend : 
meetthepress : here are the top stories nbcnews is following this thanksgiving weekend : 
from a black friday ice storm to black friday shopping deals , here are the stories we're… 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! know it all : friday's top 7 stories at nbc … 
from a black friday ice storm to black friday shopping deals , here are the stories we're following .... 

u.s. traffic deaths leap 8 percent in early 2015 
traffic deaths up 8 percent in 2015 
" these numbers are a wake-up call " 
after steady decline , u.s. traffic deaths leap 8% in early 2015 
after steady decline , us traffic deaths leap 8 percent in early 2015 - ... 
msnbc after declining for most of the past decade , traffic deaths spiked 8 percent in the fir ... 


obama is doubling down on the current isis strategy . how would you change it if it was your decision ? 
obama doubles down on isis strategy after paris attacks 


hollande to press obama for more in fight against isis 
france wants u.s. to ' bring the fight to the terrorists ' 
news that is not news . all pr . 
paris attacks : obama , hollande to meet to discuss war on isis - 
u.s. to ' the to the - 
wants to ' bring the fight to the but is a pussy about it 
attacks : to meet to discuss war on - : 
msnbc : france wants u.s. to ' bring fight to the terrorists ' 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! france wants u.s. to ' bring the fight to t … 
wants to ' bring the fight to the terrorists ' : via 
update : france wants u.s. to ‘ bring the fight to the terrorists ’ 
scouting france wants u.s. to ' bring fight to the terrorists ' thoughts ? 
dtn usa : france wants u.s. to ' bring fight to the terrorists ' : president barack obama and french president fra ... 
france wants u.s. to ‘ bring fight to the terrorists ’ 

thanks america where homeless felons can be caught with submachine guns , ammo : cops via 
homeless felon caught with submachine guns , ammo 
homeless armed with wwii weapons . you can't make that up . 
homeless felon had submachine guns at la-area encampment : cops - 
thank god he wasn't syrian , or muslim . homeless felon had submachine guns at l . a . -area encampment . 
homeless felon caught with ' wwii fully auto ' submachine guns , ammo : 
homeless felon had submachine guns at l . a . -area encampment : cops 
richard cunningham , 59 , was arrested for " numerous weapons violations " after the officers … 
richard cunningham , 59 , was arrested for " numerous weapons violations " after the officers discovered the guns in ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! homeless felon caught with submachine guns … 

why do people keep posting that these horrors are not being reported by the major news media ... 
rt suicide bombing blamed on boko haram extremists kills 32 , wounds around 80 at truck stop in northeastern nigeria . https … 
boko haram blast at truck stop kills 32 , wounds dozens : where's the in depth coverage 4 this ? 

clinton : calling immigrants ' illegal ' was ' poor choice of words ' - 
rt clinton : calling immigrants ' illegal ' was ' poor choice of words ' 
doesn't realize people have broken the law . 2016 
calling ' illegal ' was ' poor choice of words ' 
at what point did american politics have to start cowering to non citizens . 
democratic front-runner hillary clinton admitted tuesday that her recent use of the term " illegal immigrants " was ... 
it is dedicated to lady gaga clinton : calling immigrants ' illegal ' was ' poor choice of wo … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! clinton : calling immigrants ' illegal ' was … 
clinton : calling immigrants ' illegal ' was ' poor choice of … 
poor choice ? it's what they are when they did not get her legally ... opposite of legal is illegal via nbcnews 
clinton : calling immigrants ‘ illegal ’ was ‘ poor choice of words ’ 
democratic front-runner hillary clinton admitted tuesday that her recent use of the term “ illegal immigrants ” was ... 
this is absurd : clinton regrets calling illegal immigrants illegal immigrants . via 

" it's horrible . a lot of the girls from my mother's side got captured by isis and i don't think we will ever see the … 
refugees thankful for deliverance on most american of holidays 
video : community holds thanksgiving vigil in nebraska via 
refugees who fled isis thankful on most american of holidays 
if u don't feel this in your heart your not human . > refugees thankful 4 deliverance on most american of holidays > 
refugees are thankful and have become valuable citizens . a conflict to continue solving . 
yazidis in us grateful this thanksgiving day to have escaped isis via 
the pilgrims landed on the rock as what ? don't forget . i'm sure native americans won't . 
" so on thanksgiving i am thankful that we are alive and that we made it here . we will thank … 
refugees from isis celebrate us thanksgiving . 
your msm propaganda / thankful for deliverance on most american of holidays 
yazidis in u.s. grateful this thanksgiving for escaping isis 
" i am thankful that we are alive and that we made it here . " on yazidi refugees in lincoln , nebraska . 
a new generation of american immigrants - those who fled isis - share a special thanksgiving from 
refugees now settled in u.s. think of family trapped in syria & iraq , are thankful on the most american of holidays 
rt wow look at these syrian refugees and the problems they'll bring republicans are the real terro … 
wow look at these syrian refugees and the problems they'll bring republicans are the real terrorists ! 
refugees thankful seriously doubt whether they have given up customs and accepted american thanksgiving that fast . 
refugees thankful ... on most american of holidays via what nonsense . to be expected from media . 
people who see as old traditions & not as truebelievers likely safe & sane 
yazidis in us grateful this thanksgiving for escaping isis - 

country music's grand ole opry celebrates 90 years in 
" a dierks bentley performance can easily fill football stadiums , but bentley insists he is " way more nervous ... 
grand ole opry celebrates 90 years in nashville 
here is the news segment with reba in case anyone missed it . 
grand ole opry celebrates 90 years in nashville ~ shares his memories of performing 
happy 90th birthday to the grand ole opry . 
country music's celebrates 90 years in nashville - via 
found it . reba 
reba mcentire and dierks bentley share their memories of performing at the grand ole opry , one of country music’s ... 
reba mcentire and dierks bentley share their memories of performing at the grand ole opry … 
reba mcentire and dierks bentley share their memories of performing at the grand ole opry , one of country music's ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! grand ole opry celebrates 90 years in nash … 

teenaged boy dies of ebola in liberia 
rt sad news : teenaged boy dies of ebola in liberia 
rt teenaged boy dies of ebola in liberia 
teenaged boy dies of in ( via news ) 
rt teenaged boy dies of in ( via news ) 
a 15-year-old boy has died of ebola in liberia , the first death since the summer in a country that thought itself ... 

sighted but still missing : the 21 year search for renee lamanna 
find renee : 
spotted but still missing ... the 21 year search for renee lamanna . have you seen her ? 
fascinating but sad story of a woman with dissociative disorder missing 21yrs . speaks 5 lang . but essentially lost 
renee lamanna story hits home for me . like renee's family i haven't seen my mom cloudia leslie wells missing for ... 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching ( msnbc ) ( 2202 gmt ) 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching ( msnbc ) ( 1938 gmt ) 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching ( msnbc ) ( 1659 gmt ) 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching ( msnbc ) ( 1440 gmt ) 
woman sighted years after disappearance , family still searching : dozens of sightings over the past two decades ... 

why downing of russian jet won't start world war iii 
why spat won't start | 
violating airspace does not invoke article 5 - on implications of shootdown : 
analysis : why russia-turkey spat won't start world war iii 
why downing of russian jet won't start via 
will downing of russian jet really start world war iii ? 
phew ! why downing of the russian fighter plane won't start world war iii via nbcnews 
turkey shot down a russian plane on tuesday . 
you know things are tense when nbc is assuring people that world war iii isn’t imminent . 
update : why downing of russian jet won’t start world war iii 

feds crack down on not-so-hot tamales at airport : 
the strangest thing you've heard all morning : " i felt a great disturbance in the force ... as if hundreds of ... 
feds crack down on tamales at airport via he was probably taking orders for his friends across the border . 
they were frightened by the pork tamales or trying smuggle them .. 


" paul walker's father files wrongful death suit .. " 
good for the father 
paul walker's dad sues porsche over fatal crash 
paul walker's father files wrongful death suit against over fatal crash : 
paul walker's father files wrongful death lawsuit against porsche over fatal crash . 
the " fast & furious " star died on nov . 30 , 2013 , when the 2005 porsche carrera gt he was … 
update : paul walker’s dad sues porsche over fatal crash 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! paul walker's dad sues porsche over fatal … 
the " fast & furious " star died on nov . 30 , 2013 , when the 2005 porsche carrera gt he was riding in plowed into a ... 
paul walker's dad sues porsche over actor's fatal crash 
rt " paul walker's father files wrongful death suit .. … 
paul walker’s dad sues porsche over actor’s fatal crash 
the “ fast & furious ” star died on nov . 30 , 2013 , when the 2005 porsche carrera gt he was riding in plowed into a ... 

rt rams ' stedman bailey " critical but stable " after reportedly being shot twice in the head . … 
rams statement : stedman bailey in “ critical , but stable , condition ” 
rams statement : stedman bailey in “ critical , but stable , condition ” via 
rt rams statement : stedman bailey in critical , but stable , condition 
rams wideout critical after being shot twice in head 
rams statement : stedman bailey in & but stable , condition & 

thx and johnnie giles 
campaign aims to challenge asian-american stereotypes 
" primarily a social media and online campaign , aims to challenge the mischaracterization that all ... 


rt watch a jilted bride destroy her wedding dress 

rt obama criticizes anti-refugee crowd for being " scared of widows and 3-year-old orphans " … 

mastermind visited scenes of paris terror attacks : official 
paris ringleader visited terror scenes after attacks , prosecutor says - 
paris ringleader visited terror scenes after attacks via 
bot4auto : vist- ringleader visited terror scenes after attacks , prosecutor says - … 
vist- ringleader visited terror scenes after attacks , prosecutor says - nbcnew … 
paris ringleader visited terror scenes after attacks ,… 
ringleader visited scenes of paris terror attacks : official 
rt prosecutor : after participating in suspected ringleader returned to scenes . http … 


greek islands see ' drastic decrease ' in arrivals of migrants and ... 
greek islands see ' drastic decrease ' in migrant arrivals 
rt pesonaindon greek islands see ' drastic decrease ' in arrivals of migrants and ... 
the number of refugees and migrants arriving on greece islands dropped drastically over the weekend , officials ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! greek islands see ' drastic decrease ' in mi … 
greek islands see ‘ drastic decrease ’ in migrant arrivals 

gay student in china sues over textbooks ' claims that homosexuality is disease via 
gay student sues over textbooks ' claims that homosexuality is disease 
student sues over textbooks ' claims on homosexuality 
chinese textbooks claim homosexuality is disease ; student sues 
china . maybe this'd work in tex " gay student sues that over textbooks ' claims homosexuality is disease " via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! student sues over textbooks ' claims on hom … 
qiu bai , 20 , raised the issue two years ago as a curious freshman looking through medical … 
qiu bai , 20 , raised the issue two years ago as a curious freshman looking through medical textbooks for answers ... 
student sues over textbooks ’ claims on homosexuality 


how did this osu student break his neck jumping into mirror lake ? goodness . 
osu campus tradition faces ax after student's death 
annual campus tradition , carried out ahead of ohio state-michigan football game , faces ban after student's death . 
campus tradition , done before ohio state-michigan game , faces ban after student's death 
ohio state university campus tradition faces ban after fatality 
rt ohio state university campus tradition faces ban after fatality - 
annual campus tradition , carried out ahead of ohio state-michigan football game , faces ban after student's d … 
nbcnightlynews : annual campus tradition , carried out ahead of ohio state-michigan football game , faces ban after s … 
annual campus tradition , carried out ahead of ohio state-michigan football game , fac … 

rt rt yourhsw : syphilis , gonorrhea rates hit record highs : cdc 
sees ' alarming ' increase in - 
the moral of the story remains the same folks , if you wanna hump'em many many rubber wrap your willy ! 
jody wheeler : " there’s been a lot of talk lately about the rising std rates . many people and press have linked ... 
pride for youth now provides comprehensive sexual health screenings , including blood draws and anal/oral swabs .... 
cdc sees increase in sti outbreaks due to lack of federal and state funding . 
i'm glad someone is writing about the increase in non hiv std exposure among prep users . 
large increase in nationwide . due 2 cuts in & care . 
desperate for education to stem epidemic . 
rome , ga also sees a dramatic rise in stds ! 
" in one year 7 percent of local health departments said they closed their std clinics . " ' alarming ' increase in stds 
rt ppmo_advocates : " common sexually transmitted diseases such as syphilis and gonorrhea have exploded in recent ye … 
" common sexually transmitted diseases such as syphilis and gonorrhea have exploded in recent years , in part ... 
what's going on to cause the increase ? there are several factors , the cdc says . budget cuts are a big factor .... 
rt the reports alarming increase in stds . now is not time for congress to cut or … 
sees " alarming " rise in story 
the more we cut sex education and availability to contraception , the more we see this climb . fight sti's: vote ... 

roman polanski definitely won't be extradited to u.s. 
polish court denies extradition of roman polanski to us over 1977 child sex conviction . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! roman polanski definitely won't be extradi … 
a polish court's decision to deny the extradition of film-maker roman polanski to the united states over a 1977 ... 
roman polanski definitely won't be extradited to us - 
roman polanski definitely won’t be extradited to u.s. 
a polish court’s decision to deny the extradition of film-maker roman polanski to the united states over a 1977 ... 



thanksgiving treat : gas prices are lowest in 7 years 
good news for 46.9 mil traveling . mt gas prices are the lowest in 7 years 
the gift that keeps on giving ... gas prices ! prices are lowest in 7 years : 
traveling for thanksgiving ? gas prices will be the lowest in seven years . 
42 million hit road with gas cheapest since 2008 - 
89% of the ~ 46m travelers will take to the roads , benefiting from an avg $2.20 /gal in 7yrs 
about ready to make that dreaded for the holiday ? then it's great news that gas prices ... 
msnbc here's something to be thankful for : the average price of gas this thanksgiving week is ... 
here's something to be thankful for : the average price of gas this thanksgiving week is the … 
here's something to be thankful for : the average price of gas this thanksgiving week is the lowest it's been in ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! thanksgiving treat : gas prices are lowest … 



the pope in nairobi . 
pope presses case for dignified housing in visit to nairobi slum - 
pope presses case for dignified housing in nairobi 
pope francis visits nairobi slum , pushes the three ' ls ' - 
francis has called " dignified living conditions " a basic human right . he visited kangemi , one o .. 
pope francis visits slum , pushes the three ' ls ' via 
visits slum , pushes the three ' ls ' via nbcnews 🙏🏻 
francis has called " dignified living conditions " a basic human right . he visited kangemi … 
pope presses case for dignified housing in visit to nairobi … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! pope presses case for dignified housing in … 
tobe news pope presses case for dignified housing in visit to nairobi s ... 


pastor among 8 indicted in fatal church beating 
rt murder charges for seven people in a cultic new york church that beat a teenager to death for … 
murder charges for seven people in a cultic new york church that beat a teenager to death for wanting to leave . 
religion is dangerous stuff . 
pastor among 8 indicted in fatal new york church beating - 
pastor among 8 indicted in fatal new york church beating via 
the hell wrong with people ??? smh 
the pastor of an new york church where a young man was beaten to death and his brother seriously injured was ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! pastor among 8 indicted in fatal new york … 


behind enemy lines : downed pilot survives 12 hours in rebel territory 
pilot of downed jet survives 12-hour ordeal in rebel territory 
russia says fighter pilot , shot down over syria-turkey border , was rescued after 12-hour operation . 
deep fry the turks 
\'debt to pay\': surviving pilot of downed jet speaks out 
only this time turks have had it with the russians ' previous incursions ? via 
shot down russian pilot speaks out . 
russian pilot safe after jet shot down on syria-turkey border - 
update : ‘ debt to pay ’ : surviving pilot of downed jet speaks out 
rt pilot of downed russian jet rescued after 12-hour ordeal in rebel territory 
rescued russian pilot speaks out , says he didn't violate turkish airspace or receive warnings before plane was shot . 

wow ... survivor story : had his passport not been there , he might not be alive . 
' war scene ' : paris attacks survivor saved by passport - 
' war scene ' : attacks survivor says he was saved by passport - : 
' war scene ' : paris attacks survivor says he was saved by passport 
this object helped a man survive the paris attacks 
a bullet from one of the attackers hit yasser bensalah's passport in his jacket pocket , just … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! this object helped a man survive the paris … 
a bullet from one of the attackers hit yasser bensalah's passport in his jacket pocket , just above his heart , he ... 
a bullet from one of the attackers hit yasser bensalah’s passport in his jacket pocket , just above his heart , he ... 


german police shut down soccer game , evacuate stadiums 

rt french cops target terror suspects in raid ; 1 dead , 5 arrested … 

efforts continue to find the right balance between treatment and diagnosis . 

update : chris christie scores coveted endorsement 
chris christie scores coveted endorsement in new hampshire via 
chris christie scores coveted new hampshire endorsement - 
nh union-leader endorses chris christie for president , but the last winner the newspaper picked was ronald reagan . 
" gov . christie can work across the aisle , but he won't get rolled by the bureaucrats , " the … 
christie gets coveted nh union-leader endorsement 
this is a jolt for christie , who is doing it " nh way " in investing so much time in state , answering qs at town halls 
rt msnbc : christie gets coveted nh union-leader endorsement 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! christie gets coveted nh union-leader endo … 
" gov . christie can work across the aisle , but he won't get rolled by the bureaucrats , " the newspaper's publisher ... 
“ gov . christie can work across the aisle , but he won’t get rolled by the bureaucrats , ” the newspaper’s publisher ... 
chris christie gets coveted endorsement from new hampshire's biggest newspaper 

rt 40 years after resettlement , thousands of refugees face deportation 
launched a new digital art exhibition to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the h-1b visa . 
forty years after resettlement , thousands of southeast asian refugees face ... - 
40 after resettlement , 1000s of southeast asian refugees face deportation from the us via 
40 years after resettlement , thousands of refugees face deportation comment please ? 
as the world grapples with its response to the syrian refugee crisis , the question of what to do with another ... 
when taking refuge in another country for 40+ years , how do you face deportation ? prof bill hong comments 
go 1love movement ! 
rt 13,000 cambodian , vietnamese , and laotian americans have been served deportation orders in past 20 yrs … 
mia-lia boua kiernan : " how many times in one lifetime can you be displaced ? " 
. forty years after resettlement , thousands of face via 
of 2 mln immig deported by obama , 47% were booted cuz of traffic violations . via 
incredible 
13,000 cambodian , vietnamese , and laotian americans have been served deportation orders in past 20 yrs via 
' how many times can you be displaced ? ' 40 yrs after resettlement , thousands of se asian refugees face deportation 
40 years after resettlement , refugees fear deportation 
retweeted advancingjustice|chi ( forty years after resettlement , thousands of southeast asian ... 
forty years after resettlement in america , thousands of southeast asian refugees face deportation 
over the past two decades , more than 13,000 southeast asian refugees in the u.s. have been served deportation orders 
after 40 years of resettlement , southeast asian refugees are being deported : 
40 years after resettlement , thousands of face deportation via 
rt my first for 40 yrs after resettlement , thousands of sea refugees face deportation … 
40yrs after resettlement , thousands of sea refugees face deportation via 
more than 13,000 southeast asians have been served deportation orders — 
my first for 40 yrs after resettlement , thousands of sea refugees face deportation via 
obama's makes room for more isis 40 years after resettlement , thousands of southeast asian refugees face deportation 
" although deportation is largely seen as an issue affecting immigrants who are undocumented , legal permanent ... 


are using fake terror alert emails to spread 
hackers are using fake emails to spread via 
rt hackers are using fake terror alert emails to spread 
fake terror alert emails used by in canada , middle east . 
hackers use fake terror alert emails to spread malware 
fake terror alert emails used by hackers in canada , middle east - 
consumer alert : fake terror alert emails are being used to spread malware 
fake alert used by in canada , middle east . 
new are using the recent terrorist attacks to steal info , watch out for like this : 
consumer alert : while warning of terror attacks , the emails sent by the hackers promise tips on how to stay safe . 
fake alert emails used by in canada & middle east spreads 
with terrorism dominating the news , hackers are trying to exploit people's fears by posing as dubai law ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! hackers use fake terror alert emails to sp … 
fake terror alert emails used to spread malware in canada , middle east via 
fake terror alerts used by hackers in canada , middle east 

carson down , cruz up in new iowa poll 
carson down , cruz up in new iowa poll via 
update : carson down , cruz up in new iowa poll 
ted cruz has surged into a statistical tie with donald trump at the top of the gop pack , be sociable , share !... 


ted cruz to obama : say it to my face 
rt ted cruz to obama : ' insult me to my face ' 
rt ted cruz to obama💬 👉🏼 " say it to my face " 💥boom💥👍🏼 https : … 
rt call you out 
ted cruz to obama : ' insult me to my face ' here's that story : this makes me laugh ... 

buyers beware : ice storm poses black friday threat 
ice storm , flooding risk threatens black friday and thanksgiving weekend 
ice storm , flooding risk threatens and thanksgiving weekend : 
this might happen here in d.c. 
😲 black friday store hours ; sales already started - asbury park press 😲 😨 
msnbc all told , almost 13 million people were under winter storm , winter weather or ice storm ... 
all told , almost 13 million people were under winter storm , winter weather or ice storm … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! buyers beware : ice storm poses black frida … 
all told , almost 13 million people were under winter storm , winter weather or ice storm warnings , and conditions ... 


brothers brighten hospital room for girl fighting cancer 
ucla frat brothers bring smiles to girl fighting cancer 
frat brothers brighten hospital stay for girl fighting cancer via 
a more detailed story on about the amazing lexi brown . 
frat brothers brighten hospital room for lexi brown , little girl fighting cancer - nbc news 
not even chiliheads 
lexi brown , a 12-year-old with cancer in her lungs , has inspired thousands . now some unlikely people are helping ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ucla frat brothers bring smiles to girl fi … 
my niece , who is fighting cancer , has now made the national news ! 
thanks for sharing that brothers can do some good ! 
" frat brothers brighten lexi brown's hospital room , little girl fighting cancer " 

italian police seize close to 800 shotguns bound for from today 
rt breaking : italian police seize close to 800 shotguns bound for belgium from today - … 
rome italian police seized almost 800 shotguns bound for ... 
800 belgium-bound shotguns seized by italian police 
seized almost 800 shotguns bound for from 
800 shotguns seized by italian police : official via 
truck from turkey seized in italy with 800 illegal shotguns bound for belgium 
rt breaking : italian police seize close to 800 shotguns bound for belgium from today - … 
rt 800 shotguns seized by italian police : official 
800 from seized by : official . involved again ??? 

get a puppy , it will make your kids happy and make you believe any old study . 
must . find . puppy . 
why your family really needs that puppy 
rt researchers : study shows children who live with a dog score lower on anxiety measures . https://… 
kids with dogs are less anxious 
here's a reason to get a kids with have less via 
here's a reason to get a puppy : kids with pets have less anxiety 
here's a reason to get a puppy : kids with pets have less anxiety why your family reall 
why your family really needs that via 
we've been debating on getting a puppy ...... 
study shows that children with grow up with less 
another great reason to get a puppy for your kids ! 
kids with pets have lower anxiety , a new study shows . works for grown-ups too , btw : 
why you really ought to get a puppy ... it's healthy for kids ! 
i think we've all known this but science finally proves it ... 
retweeted john dickerson ( get a puppy , it will make your kids happy and make you believe any old ... 
rt can pet dogs make kids less anxious ? 

watch live : pope francis arrives in nairobi , kenya via 
pope francis arrives at kenya's jomo kenyatta airport and transfers to welcome ceremony at nairobi's state house 


rt boko haram blast at truck stop kills 32 , wounds dozens in nigeria 


the state department has issued a global travel warning for americans . details @ nbc news : 
citing terror threats , state dept issues worldwide travel alert 
please be careful traveling this week ! 
state department issues worldwide travel alert : 
citing terror threats , state department issues worldwide travel alert 
the us state department on monday issued a worldwide alert for citizens . the alert expires feb . 24 
i guess has no enemies 
worldwide travel alert issued by the over possible risk of travel due to increased terrorism threats . >>> 
citing threats , state department issues worldwide alert via 
🇺🇸 issues worldwide 🌎🌍🌏 travel alert ✈️ via nbcnews 
citing terror threats , issues worldwide 
as isis sucks us into more war , the best " victory " we can ever hope to get is a pyrrhic victory . 




find out why workmen are digging hole in vatican wall 

john stamos sentenced to 3 years ' probation in dui case 
no one is above the law .. 
john stamos pleaded no contest to dui charges and was sentenced to 3 years probation and mandatory aa meetings ... 
john stamos sentenced to three years ' probation in dui case - 
stamos was arrested june 12 on suspicion of driving under the influence , after witnesses reported he was ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! john stamos sentenced to 3 years ' probatio … 
john stamos sentenced to 3 years ’ probation in dui case 
web dsign 
vist- stamos sentenced to three years ' probation in dui case - 
entertainment news trending tonight sentenced in dui case via 


' world war iii' ???... 
wwiii trends as putin decries turkey's ' stab in the back ' : 
wwiii trends as putin decries turkey’s ‘ stab in the back ’ : 
trends on twitter as putin decries turkey's ' stab in the back ' 
trends as putin decries turkey's ' stab in the back ' via nbcnews 
world war iii trends on twitter as putin decries turkey's ' stab in the back ' -via 
world war iii trends on twitter as putin decries turkey's ' stab in the back ' - nbc news 
wwiii trends on twitter as putin decries turkey's ' stab in the back ' via 
i agree , this is not if russia wants to eat . 
putin decries turkey's ' stab in the back ' | msnbc 
rt trends on twitter as putin decries turkey's ' stab in the back ' 
its coming ' world war iii ' trends online ... 
goes through the diplomatic motions before going medieval on 
putin's military likes to violate airspaces . they finally got burned : 
rt trending as putin is outraged over turkey's ' stab in the back ' 
trends as putin decries in the back ' via & now join fight against 
rt ' iii ' trends 
the dawn of cold war . 

rainy , snowy , icy thanksgiving for much of u.s. 
' little bit of everything ' : rainy , snowy , icy thanksgiving for much of us - 
where ever you are , enjoy the day off ! 
thanksgiving weather !! 😱😱😱 :) ... " ice could make travel especially treacherous across the central part of the countr … 
most of the u.s. will wake up to a rainy , snowy , icy thanksgiving 
' little bit of everything ' : rainy , snowy , icy thanksgiving … 
' little bit of everything ' : rainy , snowy , icy thanksgiving for much … 
vist- bit of everything ' : rainy , snowy , icy thanksgiving for much of us - nbcnew … 
most of the country will wake up to a messy mix of rain , snow , ice or any combination of … 


rugby\'s first global superstar dies at 40 

lawyer says mcdonald family relieved after charges brought 
mcdonald family relieved after cop charged : lawyer 
while laquan mcdonald's family opposed the release of dashcam video showing his death , " " now the whole world ... 

fresh voices : researchers grow new vocal cords from cells 
for those of you concerned about damaging your vocal cords , good news ! maybe in the future you'll be able to ... 
rt could we all be opera singers one day ? scientists grow new vocal cords from a few cells . … 
imagine the future of this ? ruined your vocal cords -- just grow some new ones !!! 
researchers figure out how to grow new vocal cords 


your thanksgiving travel is about to get more intense 
your is about to get more intense - 
please remember safety first as you continue your 
thanksgiving travelers face intense security amid terror threat - 
be aware , stay calm , and prepare to take more time . 
travelers face intense security amid terror threat via 
your travel is about to get more intense - 
" travelers face intense amid threat " americans trying to get out of town ... 
rt travelers face intense security amid terror threat : | joins with more … 
travelers face intense security amid terror threat : | joins with more 1pe 
rt travel : intense screenings , longer lines and a scary global warning 
turkey day travelers face intense security 
rt travel : more intense screening , longer lines and a scary global warning … 
- thanksgiving travelers face intense amid threat 

lowered her risk by 90% -> charlie sheen's girlfriend says a pill kept her safe from hiv 
charlie sheen's lovers stopped hiv with a pill . cdc says you can , too 
we have a pill that prevents hiv . but it " isn't reaching many people who could benefit from it " says cdc director 
nurse amanda bruce says a pill kept her safe while she dated charlie sheen 
ex-lover says a pill kept her safe while she dated sheen 
rt charlie sheen’s ex , amanda bruce , used a pill to prevent hiv . the cdc says many americans don’t know about ... … 
rt amanda bruce : yes i slept with charlie sheen but here's why i didn't get hiv 
nurse says a pill kept her safe from while she dated 
rt charlie sheen's lovers stopped hiv with a pill . cdc says you can , too 
rt prevention : learn about used by a woman dating charlie sheen contact us for more … 
prevention : learn about used by a woman dating charlie sheen contact us for more info ... 
prep does work , protect yourself and be prepared to stay hiv negative and prevent hiv transmission :) 
a surprisingly well-done article on use by a woman dating charlie sheen 
partners used to prevent contracting 
charlie sheen's lovers stopped hiv with a pill ; the cdc says you can too 
prep getting the press it needs : charlie sheen's lovers stopped hiv with a pill . via 
transmission stopped with a pill ? cdc says yes via 
rt who would have thought charlie sheen might help raise awareness about prep to prevent https : … 
rt pre-exposure prophylaxis with truvada 90% effective in preventing hiv transmission via nbcnews 
rt 40k new hiv infections/ year in u.s. , could reduce this but few know about it via nbcn … 
it's too expensive for the average patient . 
so instead of reducing promiscuity and eliminating drugs we teach our children " just buy a magic pill " ? 

after 16 years in clears convict of sex crimes 
after 16 years prison , dna clears convict of sex crimes 
after 16 years in prison , dna clears convict of sex crimes - nbc southern california 
dna clears california man after 16 years in prison 
after 16 years in prison , dna clears convict of sex crimes woah , big fuck up . this is so wrong 
congrats to the california innocence project for exonerating luis vargas of 3 rapes after 16 years , based on dna ... 
after 16 years of a crime he didn't commit , luis vargas is finally free ! 
after 16 years in prison dna clears convict's sex crimes | nbc southern california via 
todayshow : dna clears california man after 16 years in prison : 
dna has freed a california man after 16 years in prison for sexual assaults he didn't commit … 

survivor : planned parenthood gunman ' was aiming for my head ' 
2 victims of planned parenthood attack discharged , says memorial hospital in colorado springs , ... 
survivor : colorado gunman ' was aiming for my head ' 
survivor : planned parenthood gunman ' was aiming for my head ' ( 2nd vid : kentanya " shotgun " ) 
survivor : gunman ' was aiming for my head ' via 
a man who came face-to-face with a gunman at a colorado planned parenthood clinic friday … 
2 victims of planned parenthood attack discharged , says memorial hospital in … 
2 victims of planned parenthood attack discharged , says memorial hospital i … 
all of them are 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! survivor : colorado gunman ' was aiming for … 
a man who came face-to-face with a gunman at a colorado planned parenthood clinic friday said he felt " helpless " ... 
right-wing lunatic shoots up abortion clinic . this is what fox news does to you . via 


your next purchase may be a product of forced labor 
retweeted lidija stankovikj ( cotton , sugarcane & tobacco rank as the top three goods produced through ... 
cotton , sugarcane & tobacco rank as the top three goods produced through forced & child labor 
loophole in law allows some holiday goods made by forced labor 
christmas decorations , ceramics and soccer balls are among 130 items made by child and forced labor that ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! your next purchase may be a product of for … 
wow from nbc : as americans take advantage of black friday deals , human rights advocates say most shoppers are ... 
when buying gifts this year think about this - countries with child & forced labor 
msnbc christmas decorations , ceramics and soccer balls are among 130 items made by child and ... 


check out this 7 tools for the perfect via 
turkey 7 tools for the perfect 
want to cook the perfect turkey for thanksgiving ? you need thanksgiving turkey tech : 
tech : 7 tools for the perfect 

happy thanksgiving , 250 miles above earth ! what astronauts on the are eating today : 
e.t. turkey : here's how astronauts spend thanksgiving 
e.t. turkey : how astronauts spend thanksgiving in space - 
extraterrestrial turkey : here's how astronauts spend thanksgiving - 
space turkey ! here's how spend when in orbit via 
today on astronauts spend thanksgiving in an unconventional way . -hf 
here's how astronauts spend their thanksgiving . 

new york city mayor vows won't be intimidated by isis threats 

consumer group releases " worst toys " list 

rt 2,000 contract airport workers go on strike at seven u.s. hubs 

new : alert issued for man believed to have traveled to paris with suspected ringleader . 
belgium arrests four paris accomplices , seeks fifth 
says it arrested four paris accomplices and is seeking a fifth - 
i've heard about this : 
france indicts 124 in wake of paris attacks : official 
belgium says it arrested four paris accomplices and is seeking a fifth vía 
124 indicted in wake of paris attacks , french minister says 
france indicts 124 , detains 165 in wake of paris attacks : official 
security officials have also conducted 1,233 searches and seized close to 200 weapons … 
security officials have also conducted 1,233 searches and seized close to 200 weapons , france's interior minister ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! 124 indicted in wake of paris attacks , fre … 

planned parenthood shooting suspect made comment about " no more baby parts " 
neighbor ofcrazy shooter in co pp case : "" if you talked to him , nothing with him was very cognitive , " russell said . " 
rt no motive yet ? shocker that you were wrong . donate to in lieu of paying … 
no motive yet ? shocker that you were wrong . donate to in lieu of paying me the $$ 
rt hang on this story says what he talked about and that motive is unclear ? comethefuckon . … 
rt made ' no more baby parts ' comment after attack ... 
rt pp shooting suspect made comment about ' no more baby parts . ' those who repeated this lie have blood on their hands . https … 
again for the deniers ... the motive was anti-choice oriented . suspect says ' no more baby parts ' to cops 
rt terrorist told cops : " no more baby parts ! " , repeating lies told by every gop candidate … 
planned parenthood shooting suspect made comment about ' no more baby parts ' : so … see more 
oklahoma springs shooter motivated by " baby parts " lie & hatred of us president 
rt rwnj rambled about ' no more baby parts ' & obama http … 
rt " no more baby parts " : terrorist reveals motive to investigators . cc : https : … 
this is the byproduct of lies ! planned parenthood shooter made comment about ' no more baby parts ' 
dude was so distraught about baby parts , he sat in the clinic and shot at cops for five hours . 
so yeah , that's pretty much settled . 
nbc news : shooting suspect made comment about ' no more baby parts ' quoting unidentified officials 
rt how long will you lie about this ? 
michal mcginnis 2 hrs · see what happens when some of those ammo-sexuals actually believe your bs , carly . nbc ... 
rt 3 cops died b/c of fake story about selling body parts … 
whoa , can you say " incitement " , boys and girls ? 
rt i amend what i said about yesterday . you have blood on your hands you horrible horrible woman . … 
false made ' no more baby parts ' comment after attack ... 
rt " no more baby parts " said killer in little doubt this was yet more right-wing terrorism . 
planned parenthood suspect mentioned \'no more baby parts\' 
not so much . it's the colorado cops who say was the target . 
top story : planned parenthood shooting suspect made comment about ' no more baby … see more 
suspect made comment about ' no more baby parts ' : sources . carly fiorina is an accessory now . 
rt hey , we're ready for your apology . terrorist > " no more baby parts " … 
please like/share this for all the morons who keep trying to say his target wasn't planned parenthood and/or we ... 
rt the center for medical progress has a lot to answer for -- and there will be a reckoning : 
rt the " baby parts for sale " lie has officially killed a cop … 
" in one statement , made after the suspect was taken in for questioning , dear said " no more baby parts " in ... 
rt richard dear was never arrested for domestic violence . now i wonder about your unnamed " sources " for " baby parts " . https://… 
" he made a living selling prints of his uncle's paintings of southern plantations and the masters golf tournament . " 
anonimo mannucci tweeted times planned parenthood shooting suspect made comment … see more 
rt dear said " no more baby parts " and stuff about obama . anyone still want to tell me he was a transgender bank robber ? https :/ … 
. totally not a right-winger . 👌🏾 - - 


rt ceo announces defense operations center 
rt announces cyber defense operations center . 
[ note ] microsoft ceo announces cyber defense operations center msft ciso blog 
to date , 160 million customer records have been compromised , according to microsoft ... 

unwanted guest at trump's rally and more - via 
saturday in pictures : unwanted guest at trump's rally and more 
saturday in pictures : unwanted guest at trump’s rally and more 
donald trump deals with an unwelcome guest , migrants and refugees face new challenges , the pope visits uganda and ... 


a priority for hollywood one year after 
the entertainment industry is starting to crack down on if you haven't yet , you should follow suit . 
" i've seen this grand awakening in an industry that's traditionally shunned security technology . " 
a priority for one year after hack 
is 1 of our specialities & always a priority for 
a priority for one year after sony hack 
sony hack : cyber a hollywood priority one year later 
cybersecurity a priority for hollywood , a year after sony hack via : & 
msnbc a year ago sony suffered a major hack that prompted a string of events that seemed wort ... 
if hollywood is doing it , it is bound to become trendy ! your data is just as important as theirs . 

colorado woman killed in arizona skydiving accident 
skydiving student killed in weekend accident in arizona 
skydiving student killed in weekend in arizona 
skydiving student in weekend accident in arizona 
skydiving student killed in arizona weekend accident ( msnbc ) ( 1617 gmt ) 
last-second turbulence was blamed for sending a tandem skydiving team plunging into the … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! colorado woman killed in arizona skydiving … 
last-second turbulence was blamed for sending a tandem skydiving team plunging into the ground , killing a ... 


' enough ' : obama lashes out after colorado shooting 
obama lashes out after planned parenthood shooting : ' this is not normal ' 
obama lashes out after planned parenthood shooting : ' this is not normal ' - nbc news 
obama " this is not normal .... " ? we know that already . people that do things like this are not normal . stop them ? 
president obama lashes out after planned parenthood shooting : ' this is not normal ' : 
how interesting that none of the republican candidates had any comment on the planned parenthood shooting . 
rt obama lashes out after planned parenthood shooting : ' this is not normal ' … 
rt lashes out after planned parenthood shooting saying ' this is not normal . ' ' … 
now our theologian in chief is declaring the necessary conditions for praying with a " clean conscience . " 
statement from on the shooting . 
obama lashes out after planned parenthood shooting : ' this is not normal ' > shameful attempt to gain politicaly . 
obama lashes out : ' this is not normal ' via lives only matter when threatened by terrorists 
as we all watch television , movies , news and yes even when we read , but the real question is do you really ... 
' enough ' : obama lashes out after colorado shooting ( msnbc ) ( 1114 gmt ) 
obama micro managing again after planned parenthood shooting : ' this is not normal ' via 
potus lashes out after planned parenthood shooting saying ' this is not normal . ' ' 


rt photos : signs winter is fast approaching , today in pictures 

stealing from the elderly is the new low . 
woman charged with stealing $ 100,000 from bingo games : 
woman charged with stealing $ 100,000 from bingo games | nbc 6 south florida via 
woman accused of skimming $100k from charity bingo games ( msnbc ) ( 0358 gmt ) 
woman accused of skimming $100k from charity bingo games : authorities say a florida panhandle woman stol ... 

video purportedly shows attack accomplice's hotel room 


a nonprofit founded to combat obesity says the $1.5 million it received from coke has no influence on its work .... 
had role in anti-obesity group , emails show 
ap : emails show influence of coca-cola funding on non-profit anti-obesity group via 
i thought coke made you skinny . 
coke had role in non-profit anti-obesity group , emails show via 
coke influenced an ' obesity ' group it funded . 
msnbc a nonprofit founded to combat obesity says the $1.5 million it received from coke has n ... 

bullets fly during high-speed police chase 
dashcam video shows bullets shattering a nebraska state patrol cruiser's windshield during a … 
dashcam video shows bullets shattering a nebraska state patrol cruiser's windshield during a high-speed chase in ... 
bullets fly in omaha police chase 
bullets fly in omaha police chase : newly released dashcam video shows bullets shatter nebraska state patrol cr ... 

school officials in melrose , massachusetts , denounce ' south park'-inspired ... 
stupid 2 blame a 12-yr-old tv ep for recent bullying . bullying is bad , but didn't invent ginger-bullying . 
\'south park\' episode blamed for violent bullying 
imitating attacking redheads bad . imitating attack latinos blacks & muslims ok 
school denounces south park-inspired bullying 
‘ south park ’ episode blamed for violent bullying 
students at a massachusetts school could face disciplinary action following a bullying incident that officials ... 
yeah sure blame for bullying . not the dumb ass parents who are bad at being parents . 



what can anonymous really do to isis ? 
rt cyber war : what can anonymous really do to isis ? 
cyber war : what can anonymous really do to isis ? - nbc news 
anything that anyone can do to prevent things like this happening again has my support . if only humans could ... 

french police ask for help identifying suicide bomber 


rt " don't rush to judgment on syria refugees resettling in the u.s. " … 
kerry : don't rush to judgment on syrian refugees '" we have a very capable ability " to vet any migrants coming ... 


sister of woman in paris terror cell speaks out 
sister of woman in paris terror cell calls her ' sad ' 
they've changed too many details in this story . journalists are after the almighty dollar not the truth . 
' she was sad in her life ' : sister of woman in paris terror cell speaks out 
continue reading 
nbc news 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! sister of woman in paris terror cell calls … 
sister of woman in paris terror cell calls her ‘ sad ’ 

pres . obama cites min yasui in ceremony awarding medal of freedom 
obama honoring spielberg , streisand and more with medal of freedom - 
obama honors 17 with nation\'s highest civilian honor 
sen. barbara mikulski and barbra streisand among the list of recipients that received the medal of freedom 
" obama honors spielberg , streisand and more with medal of freedom " 
obama honors 17 with nation’s highest civilian honor 
the medal is the nation’s highest civilian honor . yogi berra is among those who will be awarded the honor ... 
obama honors spielberg , streisand and more with medal of freedom - nbcnew ... 
obama honors 17 with medal of freedom via 
another puzzling connection to the warning from 1928 dod war departments immigration manual . why are most of ... 
n times , good to remember there r 
while burns ... 
. honors & baseball's and with medal of ... 
obama honoring spielberg , streisand and more with medal of … 


brussels on lockdown : terror alert extended for week 
1.9 m in europe's capital told alert won't end for week - 
paris attacks investigation continues as belgium remains on lockdown 
update : 1.9 m in europe’s capital told alert won’t end for week 
1.9 m in europe's capital told lockdown won't end for week 
on lockdown : alert for week - 
european officials were working feverishly on numerous fronts tuesday to stave off potential … 
1.9 m in europe's capital told won't end for week via 
update : 1.9 m in europe’s capital told lockdown won’t end for week 



rt how to be an amazing father : 
rt how to be an great father : 
rt how to be a great father : 
rt could watch this over and over and over again . 
rt he's such a good father 

can governors block syrian refugees ? probably not - 
rt can governors legally block syrian refugees ? probably not * not news 
rt under supreme court precedent , it's the fed government , not governors , that runs refugee policy . new … 

fourth person in custody in shooting near 
fourth man held in shooting near black lives matter protest 
jamar clark buried as another in held in shooting near protest 
jamar clark buried as another held in shooting near protest - 
fourth person in custody in shooting near protest 
fourth person in custody in shooting near these people not charged 
the four men have not been charged , but are being held in connection with the shooting that … 
the four men have not been charged , but are being held in connection with the shooting that wounded five near a ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! fourth man held in shooting near black liv … 
doesn't want to talk about these shooting 4 man held in black lives matter protest 


sex offender got past tsa with woman's boarding pass 
sex offender got past with woman's boarding pass : 
machelle renee roque/associate for mca & 4corners 
61-year-old male sex offender gets past airport security using woman's boarding pass . 
man gets past " security " using woman's stolen boarding pass . tsa : " both passengers fully screened " 
the rolls out the welcome mat for sex-offenders with stolen boarding passes ! 
this agency needs to be shut down : sex offender got past with woman boarding pass 
a registered sex offender made it through a tsa checkpoint with a boarding pass that … 
msnbc a registered sex offender made it through a tsa checkpoint with a boarding pass that be ... 
name match check ? 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! sex offender got past tsa with woman's boa … 
a registered sex offender made it through a tsa checkpoint with a boarding pass that belonged to a female ... 

rt defense secretary ashton carter : we are at war with isis 

belgium lowers alert level but says threat still ' serious ' 
belgium lowers alert level but says threat still ‘ serious ’ 
" the situation is serious , but according to indications from the security services , not as … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! belgium lowers alert level but says threat … 
" the situation is serious , but according to indications from the security services , not as imminent as previously ... 

rt what can anonymous really do to isis ? 

could mars someday have rings like saturn ? 
scientists suggesting that mars will someday have rings like saturn ?! 
could mars someday have rings like saturn ? 
mars may one day have rings similar to saturn's famous halo , new research suggests . 

court upholds contractual right to destroy couple's frozen embryos over wife's objections : 
judge sides with husband : frozen embryos must be destroyed 

russia seeks economic revenge against turkey over downed jet 
seeks economic revenge over downed warplane 
russia seeks economic revenge against turkey over downed jet ( ( 0434 gmt ) 
russia threatened economic retaliation against turkey on thursday .... 
russia seeks economic revenge against turkey over downed jet - … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! russia seeks economic revenge over downed … 

watch live : trump ohio campaign rally via 



7 harvest festivals that make thanksgiving look boring 
happy thanksgiving ... here are 7 countries and peoples that are absolutely crushing this harvest festival game # 
happy thanskgiving usa ! reading " 7 harvest festivals around the world that make thanksgiving look boring " 
7 around the world that make look boring - via 
if you were in thailand , you'd celebrate water buffalo racing instead of the turkey . 
7 harvest festivals around the world that make thanksgiving look boring via 
these 7 harvest festivals around the world make thanksgiving look kind of boring 
maybe it’s time for american families to mix it up . here’s some inspiration : 7 countries and peoples that are ... 

rt from this morning's obama unloads on gop candidates over refugee refusal : https://… 

downing of jet a ' planned | 
downing of warplane was ' planned provocation ' : russia 
downing of warplane was ‘ planned provocation ’ : russia 
----- i think we will be okay , in fact it may lead to more diplomacy 
russia's foreign minister sergei lavrov pledged to reassess its relations with ankara after … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! downing of warplane was ' planned provocati … 
russia’s foreign minister sergei lavrov pledged to reassess its relations with ankara after the incident . 
russia's foreign minister sergei lavrov pledged to reassess its relations with ankara after the incident .... 

chicago protesters plan black friday march over laquan mcdonald death 
chicago protesters plan huge black friday march 
today on chicago has been the scene of large but mainly peaceful protests since tuesday -hf 
chicago protesters plan march over laquan mcdonald death via 
chicago protesters plan huge black friday march ( msnbc ) ( 2306 gmt ) 
well this is certainly gonna end well , right ? 
chicago protesters plan huge black friday march ( msnbc ) ( 2000 gmt ) 
( these people need to go home and stop making problems . it aint bring him back you destroying xmas trees . really ? 
chicago protesters plan black friday march over death - nbc news 
" we want mass demonstrations , mass voter registration , " the rev . jesse jackson said . 
protesters plan march over death via 
3novices : chicago protesters plan huge black friday march " we want mass demonstrations , mass voter registration , " t … 
protesters plan black friday march over death via 

pro tv ads are breaking the law 
rt cheating his way up the polls : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law 
meetthepress : pro marcorubio tv ads are breaking the law 
campaign watchdogs : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law - 
rt campaign watchdogs : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law 
campaign watchdogs : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law ( but i'd bet won't investigate ) via 
campaign watchdogs : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law . republicans prove , once again , they're bad people 
campaign watchdogs : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law - nbc news 
important : campaign watchdogs say " pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law " 
is this why the pro-rubio " project " is changing future ad buys to " pac " ? pro rubio ads breaking the law via 
rt campaign finance watchdogs tell that a pro-rubio tv ad campaign may have broken law : … 
tweet the justice dept & ask them to investigate the conservative solutions project . 
rt sure looks like marco rubio's supporters are breaking the law : 
will do anything to win ! bad news fast talking 0 record do nothing politician ! 
watchdogs : pro-rubio tv ads are breaking the law legal questions are being raised about conservative solutions ... 
rubio tv ads violate the law . watchdogs seek action via 
rt rubio operation drawing increased media criticism … & via 
rubio operation drawing increased media criticism … & via & 



born from mt 9-yr-old wants to use hololens to keep astronauts fit via 
this 9-year-old wants to use hololens to keep astronauts fit - 
this 9-year-old wants to use to keep fit 
. i think it’s awesome that a father-daughter team wants to work on mixed reality for space . more of this ! 
rt this 9-year-old wants to use to keep astronauts fit what do you think ? lovel … 
this 9-year-old wants to use to keep astronauts fit what do you think ? lovely idea <3 <3 

wrong . donald trump met him many times he says he has the world's greatest memory . 
amid latest controversy , trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' - 
worlds greatest selective memory ? ?? 
world's greatest memory ? uh , no . : 
amid controversy , trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' not so great on his h1-b visa " official position . " 
no , you have the worlds biggest ego ??? 
" i have the world's greatest memory . it's one thing everyone agrees on . " 
update : trump : ‘ i have the world’s greatest memory ’ 
amid controversy , trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' all those " thousands and thousands " in jersey city ? 
rt trump tells he knows he saw tv of muslims celebrating 9/11 because he has ' world's greatest memory ' … 
trump’s great memory 
its a bird , its a plane , no its buffoonman ! trump claims ' world's greatest memory ' via 
seems like an opportunity for an amazing new case study 😃 ' via nbcnews 
msnbc : trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' 
bs , everybody knows kim-jong un has the world’s greatest memory . it’s hereditary . 
dtn usa : trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invincible , despite inten ... 
trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invincible , despite intense push b ... 
trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' : the gop front-runner is acting invin ... via . 
scouting trump : ' i have the world's greatest memory ' thoughts ? 
donald trump is a joke . this guy just gets more outrageous with each comment he makes . scary that some support him . 
can all of this really be happening ? this man has a double-digit lead . where am i ? via 
web dsign 
seo website builder amid latest c ... 

to launch multibillion-dollar clean energy initiative 
bill gates launchs multibillion-dollar clean energy initiative via get more fans 
bill gates to launch multibillion-dollar initiative - 
bill gates to launch multibillion-dollar clean initiative - 
gates to launch multibillion-dollar clean energy initiative - nbc news 
to launch clean energy 
why doesnt he really do so good like feeding our people and taking care of homeless . 
gates launchs multibillion $ clean energy initiative via create your account 
bill to launch multibillion-dollar clean energy initiative via 
bill to initiative - nbc news 
to launch multibillion-dollar initiative via 
gates launch multibillion dollar clean energy 
the microsoft co-founder and heads of state will launch the clean tech initiative on the … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! gates to launch multibillion-dollar clean … 

barbra streisand , stephen spielberg , willie mays and james taylor to get presidential medal of freedom by obama 
congrats to the own & on receiving medal of freedom . pride for our community . 
1 hour to → awards presidential medal of freedom to 17 americans ; we'll carry the ceremony live . 
meetthepress : 1 hour to → potus awards presidential medal of freedom to 17 americans ; we'll carry the ce … 
streisand receives the highest civilian honor in the u.s. on nov 24th . her spirited arrangement of " jingle ... 
streisand , spielberg to get presidential medal of freedom nbc news singer barbra streisand , filmmaker steven ... 

massive nsa phone data collection to cease 
with all of the crap that's happened this past week and month , it's nice to hear good news like this ! 
to cease via 
color me skeptical 
massive data collection to cease 
if this will really happen of if it is just a smoke screen to deter attention from this action so that it can contin … 
" massive phone data collection to cease " 
nsa phone data collection to end -sounds like " eat your cake and have it " . these bedbugs want protection ?? really ? 
and if you believe this ... 
beginning sunday , if the government wants to check on a phone number in a potential … 
beginning sunday , if the government wants to check on a phone number in a potential terrorism case , a request ... 

man arrested after son goes missing , human remains found 
held on $10m after son , 7 , goes missing , human remains found via 
man arrested after 7-year-old son goes missing - 
kansas man held on $10m bond after son , 7 , goes missing , human remains found 
kansas man held on $10m bond after son , 7 , goes missing , human remains found : a kansas man is being held on $1 ... 
officials have not determined if the remains are those of the missing child , and the grim … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! man arrested after son goes missing , human … 
officials have not determined if the remains are those of the missing child , and the grim finding remains under ... 

aging warlord gulbuddin hekmatyar seeks comeback in afghanistan 
warlord who offered shelter to bin laden seeks comeback 
warlord who offered to shelter bin laden seeks comeback 
one of afghanistan’s most notorious warlords , gulbuddin hekmatyar , wants to come out of the shadows . 

rt cruz to obama : say it to my face 

shred this ! : snowboarders challenge utah ski resort's ban - nbc news 

hillary clinton scores new major endorsement - nbc news 

at planned parenthood . 
planned parenthood gunman gives up after colorado standoff that left 3 dead - 
is this what you call " pro-life ? " 
3 dead from shooting incident at a planned parenthood facility in colorado springs . 
( gen 6:11 -13 , luke 17:26 ) gunman arrested , 3 dead 
rt all day christians said was not terrorism . now they're silent . 
3 dead , gunman in custody in colorado planned parenthood shooting 
your fake religious campaign against caused this ! 
rt update : 3 people , including a police officer , have died following shooting at colorado planned parenthood … 
terrorist : not a terrorist : idiot : 
your fraudulent religious crusade against has caused this ! 
rt why won't moderate christians denounce these terrorists ? 
rt gunman at colorado planned parenthood shot 12 people , killed 3 , including a cop 
h/t ray comfort : " the media are saying the motive of what is being called ' the planned parenthood gunman ' isn’t ... 
burst into planned parenthood 
pro life ????? the irony of it all ..... 
rt developing update : " active shooting situation in progress " in colorado springs , city says . 
gunman gives up after colorado standoff that leaves 11 hurt 
four officers injured in shooting near planned parenthood in colorado springs 
' calm , but crazy ' : planned parenthood shooting suspect id'd - 
thanks for saving lives ... oops , i guess you did it wrong because three people died ! 
and people in our country are worried about refugees being terrorist . again . again . and again . muslim ? nope .... 
3 dead , gunman in custody in planned parenthood shooting 
this is terrible ... 
top story : report of ' active shooter ' near planned parenthood in colorado sprin … see more 
an 3 dead , gunman in custody in planned shooting via 
no , it isn't . 
\'calm , but crazy\': planned parenthood shooting suspect idd 
the gunman " seemed calm , but crazy , " ... " mumbling and ranting while he was shooting . " 
prays for those who lost their life ... and those who are healing . i haven't heard if pp was the target , or what ... 
rt breaking : two people , including one police officer , were killed inside the planned parenthood in colorado - … 
rt ' calm , but crazy ' is headline nbc felt was appropriate . it should read http … 
some some weird website called " nbc " 

obama the master of pardoning ! surprised he didn't butcher our american traditional , turkey he has many other things 
obama pardons national thanksgiving turkey : 
" time flies , even if turkeys don't . " 
obama pardons national thanksgiving turkey ... so who is going to pardon obama 
potus and totus and dad jokes , oh my ! 
president obama pardons the national thanksgiving turkey wednesday in the rose garden .... 

penn state has spent over $92 million in costs stemming from the sandusky scandal 
penn state could face claims from six more alleged jerry sandusky victims 
penn state could face claims from six more alleged jerry sandusky victims – via 
penn state could face six more jerry sandusky claims 
here are details on astronomical/absurd psu settlement $ numbers i " leaked " earlier . sounds like it is " last call ! " 
penn state could still face claims from six or even more alleged victims in the jerry sandusky sex abuse scandal ,... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! penn state could face six more jerry sandu … 

farm recalls produce used in costco salad linked to e . coli 
19 people in 7 states have been sickened . the fda said taylor farms pacific of tracy , calif ., r .. 
19 people in 7 states have been sickened . the fda said taylor farms pacific of tracy , calif … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! farm recalls produce used in costco salad … 

rt federal sources : air france flights to paris diverted to nova scotia and salt lake city due to phoned bomb threats . htt … 


likeable enough ?!?! she isn't likeable at all . 
rt what disney character do voters in a focus group compare to ? 
rt asked to describe focus group voters cite characters in 

. dad takes center stage in new ad 
ok , i like this video , especially the out takes with ms. piggy via 
. dad takes center stage in new ad - nbc news 
marco rubio is spending $20m in the early states telling us about his bartender dad . that's his dad's bio , not his . 
rt news : gets ready to roll out first early-state b'cast ad . exclusive first look on / htt … 
oh look , a refugee ? how did he get inhere ? 
rt exclusive first look : 1st early-state ad , to begin airing in on thurs . … 
rt . dad takes center stage in new ad 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! marco rubio's dad takes center stage in ne … 
todayshow : rt halliejackson : news : marcorubio gets ready to roll out first early-state b'cast ad . exclusive first … 
rt halliejackson : news : marcorubio gets ready to roll out first early-state b'… 
the spot is the first in a $20 million ad buy that begins thursday and extends through … 

two more questioned in shooting near black lives matter protest 
what about the terrorists that are already here ? corrupt cops , gun nuts , the nra ... 
one cleared , 2 more questioned in shooting near black lives matter protest 
can we exchange the shooters for refugees ? the killers can go to syria armed and fire away at numerous targets 

get some tell via 
get some exercise ! 
exercise during pregnancy is good for you and your baby ?! imagine that :) 
get moving , doctors tell pregnant women . docs say pregnancy is the ideal time to exercise and stay healthy . 
finally being promoted by gynecologists for women ! 
obese moms-to-be have higher rates of miscarriage , premature birth , stillbirth & babies w/ birth defects 
get moving , doctors tell pregnant women [ ... ] pregnancy is the ideal time to exercise and stay healthy . via 
' pregnant women need to get up and exercise . ' 
get some doctors tell women 
dr’s are encouraging women to do more 
rt dr’s are encouraging women to do more 
for our non bed rest mommies , what is your go-to exercise during pregnancy ? 
" running , jogging , pilates and yoga are all fine , the the american congress of obstetricians and gynecologists ... 
pregnant women should get up and exercise , say physicians : ( via 
not sure how to start ? give us a call and speak to megan bowden 
pro tip : don't ever tell a pregnant woman what to do . 
my patients ... 

two black men shot a white pregnant mother in the head in front of her babyboy via 
two charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife 
hate crime : activists murder white pastor's wife 
read the fourth paragraph 
rt two charged with murdering indiana pastor's pregnant wife 
teen charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife 
dna and a pink sweater : how the cops cracked the amanda blackburn murder case . 
so much worry from terrorism , it crazy how frightening and overwhelming this home-invasion death is . 
media are showing identities of accused killers . 
dna and a pink sweater : how the cops cracked the amanda blackburn murder case . … 
" though everything inside of me wants to hate , be angry , and slip into despair i choose the route of forgiveness ,... 
teen charged with murdering pastor's wife amanda blackburn 
two young men were charged monday in the murder of an indianapolis pastor's pregnant wife during a home invasion 
charged with murdering pastor's pregnant wife via 
two charged with murdering pastors pregnant wife via where is out rage from obama and his husband michelle 
where will the protests be held for this ...??? i guess infant lives and pregnant mothers lives don't matter either 
rt here is the dynamic duo ... mug shots 
update : suspects , ages 18 and 21 , charged in murder of indianapolis pastor's pregnant wife 
two charged with murdering pastor\'s wife amanda blackburn - 

muslim teen's family demands $15 million over clock incident 
of course it was a deliberate hoax , why else would they be demanding $15 million ? 
" and family demand $15 million from the taxpayers 
family of clock-making teen ahmed mohamed demand public apologies and $15m in compensation . 
irving police ( home of kimberly-clark ) knew clock wasn't bomb , arrested anyway , told to pay $15m . 
if the payment isn't made with within 60 days , the letter says , a civil suit will be filed . 
texas clock teen demands $15 million for ' hoax bomb ' arrest 
i think americans would like to give this kid 15,000,000 of something ... but i assure you it isn't dollars . 
texas clock teen demands $15 million for ' hoax bomb ' arrest ( msnbc ) ( 2232 gmt ) 
texas clock teen demands 5 million for \'hoax bomb\' arrest 
muslim teen's family wants $15 million over clock case via ridiculous . if they win , give it to muslim fund 
rt texas clock teen demands $15 million for ' hoax bomb ' arrest : if payment isn't made to ahmed mohamed's family w ... https : … 
if payment isn't made to ahmed mohamed's family with within 60 days , a civil suit will be filed against irving ,... 
if payment isn't made to ahmed mohamed's family with within 60 days , a civil suit will be … 
you gotta be kidding ... not right . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! texas clock teen demands $15 million for ' … 
are you okay with this ? better be from your pocket and not taxpayers 
muslim teen's family demands $15m over clock incident 
so many layers of teen's family demands $15 million | nbc 5 dallas-fort worth via 
this is absolutely disgusting !!! 
muslim teen's family demands $15m over clock incident . yeah , go pound sand !!!! 
15 million really . smdh 
ahmed mohamed's family demands $15 million over clock incident | via 
rt muslim teen's family demands $15m over clock incident 


rt " bush calls for american troops on the ground in the middle east " 

5 deals to make sure black friday is well spent 
black friday brief : 5 deals to make sure your day is well spent - 
we leveraged our holiday heat map to select the best deals . learn more via & 
to help simplify your black friday , nbc news compiled a list of five of the best deals to … 
to help simplify your black friday , nbc news compiled a list of five of the best deals to help you hit the ground ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! 5 deals to make sure black friday is well … 
msnbc to help simplify your black friday , nbc news compiled a list of five of the best deals ... 

10 reported injured after deck collapses at northwest georgia home 
10 reported hurt after deck collapses at georgia home ( msnbc ) ( 2100 gmt ) 
10 people injured when a deck collapses at a home in calhoun , georgia . 
10 reported hurt after deck collapses at georgia home ( msnbc ) ( 1736 gmt ) 
10 reported hurt after deck collapses at georgia home : a man was airlifted with head trauma after he and nine ... 


niger says boko haram gunmen kill 18 in border village 
just as the brussels situation affected and scared me more than this : i know people in brussels . 
niger says boko haram gunmen kill 18 in village 
the gunmen arrived in the village of gogone on foot and fired indiscriminately on residents and attacked their ... 

amazon pulls nazi-themed ads for tv show from nyc subway 
amazon pulls nazi-themed ads from nyc subway 
is this what you're worried about mayor ... ads for a fictitious tv show ? 
amazon pulls nazi-themed ads for tv show from nyc subway - nbc news 
not a headline you expect at thanksgiving ... 
the advertisements for “ the man in the high castle ” completely wrapped the seats , walls and ceilings of one train . 
the advertisements for " the man in the high castle " completely wrapped the seats , walls and … 
the advertisements for " the man in the high castle " completely wrapped the seats , walls and ceilings of one ... 
when marketing goes too far 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! amazon pulls nazi-themed ads for tv show f … 

video shows burglar crawling into sleeping family's bedroom : nypd - nbc new york 
rt video shows burglar crawling into sleeping family's bedroom : nypd | nbc new york 
watch : burglar crawls into sleeping man's bedroom : nypd 
nanny-cam video shows burglar in sleeping family's bedroom ( msnbc ) ( 0413 gmt ) 
watch : burglar crawls into sleeping family's bedroom : nypd 
nanny-cam video shows burglar in sleeping family's bedroom : a burglar quietly crawled his way into a queens be ... 
nanny-cam video shows burglar in sleeping family's bedroom ( msnbc ) ( 0051 gmt ) 
watch : bold burglar crawls into sleeping man's bedroom : nypd 
video : bold burglar crawls into sleeping man's bedroom 

the most recent article i could find 
florida police investigate photo of dog with duc t-t aped mouth 
internet celebrity of the day ? the florida dog abuser . ouch . 
florida police investigate photo of dog with duc t-t aped via need to throw the duct tape at this woman 
quit freaking out people . the police are looking into it . 
just a follow up to that picture i posted earlier of the pup with his mouth dick taped shut . 
i don't just advocate pitbulls . i advocate against all animal cruelty . may justice be served ! 
florida police have opened an animal cruelty investigation into a facebook user who posted a picture of her dog ... 
rt so sickening that someone would duct tape a dogs mouth shut . i am glad that this is being investigated by the police https : … 
this florida dog-mouth-tape lady is giving the tag a new do . 
some people should not have a dog ! 
hey katie , i hope you like orange , and guess what ... it isn't the new black 
south daytona police dept . have opened an animal cruelty investigation into a south florida woman who posted a ... 
someone needs to go to jail and never be allowed to be responsible for any living soul whether they have 4 legs ,... 
rt florida police investigate woman who posted photo of dog with a duc t-t aped mouth … 
i don't know what i would do to that cunt who duct tape her dogs mouth shut on face book . i would be in prison 
good . i reported her . i will continue to report any pictures that are torture of any animal . 
florida woman duct tapes dog's mouth in viral photo she needs to be 
so glad they did something about this . . . i think they should tape her mouth shut too ! 
florida woman under attack after posting photo of her dog with duc t-t aped mouth 
good !!!!!! so she should , vile woman . 
the power of social media : ... 
she should be banned from owning any animals . i hope she gets punished to the full extent of the law ! 
shouldn't take long to investigate this one ! 
kamas a bitch ! 
here's the link i saw . 
here is the latest info on the sicko and police are investigating . 
thanks shawn ! this makes me feel so much better . rude awakening for her when she gets home 
florida woman duct tapes dog's mouth in viral photo ( msnbc ) ( 1603 gmt ) 
police in south daytona confirmed to nbc news that they have opened an active animal cruelty in .. 
let's see what happens . 
wow ... this story made national news . the authorities are at least looking into this evil individual . 
florida police should arrest woman who her dog's mouth via 
stupid woman . she doesn't deserve this dog . i hope she goes to jail and rots ! 
it's nice and all to care about a dog , but more so than a fellow human being ? this is cecil the lion all over again 
nice to see action being taken . 
once again . straight out of florida . natiinwide . 
rt so katie brown of south daytona , fl posts a picture of her dog with it's mouth taped shut in order to teach it a ... ht … 

rt pope in kenya : god's name can't be used to ' justify hatred ' 
' catastrophic ' if special interests derail climate talks , says : 
god's name can't be used to ' justify hatred , ' pope francis says 
francis warns against special interests who put profits over people & planet . 
' catastrophic ' if special interests derail talks , says pope 
pope francis arrives to celebrate mass at the university of ... 
god's name can't be used to ' justify hatred , ' pope says 
pope in kenya : god’s name can’t be used to ‘ justify hatred ’ -- attention who panders to hate to curry voters 
pope : ' catastrophic ' if climate talks are derailed and he spanks the republicans out loud ! 
warns against special interests derailing talks 
" god's name can't be used to justify hatred " ... true . nor can it be used to justify sin . via 
pope : ' catastrophic ' if talks are derailed . 
pope francis warns against special interests derailing climate talks - 
pope in kenya : francis warns against special interests derailing climate talks . " it would be sad , and dare i say eve … 
obama watch | pope in kenya : francis warns against special interests derailing climate talks - nbcne ... 
well said - don't worry papa - earth will force humanity to awaken the hard way 
pope in kenya : francis warns against special interests derailing climate talks - nbc news 
' catastrophic ' if special interests derail climate talks , pope says 
we hate sloppy headlines . " mustn't " isn't " can't " people often wrongly use gods to justify hate . 
this - i think even the laity can be guilty of clericalism by putting the faith's rubrics before love . 
amen , pope francis . 


gallup : girls less confident about computer | 

interesting . we don't consider the insane lone gunman to be a terrorist but our focus is on the perpetrator and ... 

rt publishes photo of purported russian jet bomb has more 1pe http … 
rt learn more about the photo the terror group says shows russian jet bomb . https … 


what men can learn from women about saving for - 
here are the best strategies , segmented by men and women : 
women outshine men in managing 401(k)s : study 
it seems women know how to work the investment system better . 
it seems women know how to work the system better . 
shares strategies broken down by gender . who does it better ? find out here : 
what men can learn from women when it comes to managing 401(k)s 
women are better than men at managing their 401(k)s , according to study that contains some good lessons for ... 
msnbc women are better than men at managing their 401(k)s , according to study that contains s ... 

drone task force makes recommendations for national registry 
drone task force makes recommendations for national registry via 
on more info 
drone task force makes recs for national registry 
faa's earl lawrence says formulation of recommendations by 25-member drone task force ' was truly g ... 
faa's earl lawrence says formulation of recommendations by 25-member drone … 


paris attacks : 2 dead , 7 arrested during saint-denis raid - 


a boosted flu vaccine is on the horizon via 
this flu vaccine has an extra ingredient 
rt . approves new type of flu vaccine w/ booster that may better protect seniors from being sick … 
. approves new type of flu vaccine w/ booster that may better protect seniors from being sick ( via 
fluad : food and drug administration approves a new , boosted by 
seems like such a great idea ??? 
the new flu vaccine it's aimed at people over 65 , who typically have a poor immune response to 
fda new vaccine with extra 
new , boosted vaccine launched in us , hoped to help protect older people 
federal regulators have approved a new type of flu vaccine with an " adjuvant " booster 
fluad : and administration approves a new , boosted read more- 
fda approves new flu vaccine with extra ingredient 
" fluad : food and drug administration approves a new , boosted flu vaccine " 
" fda approves new , boosted flu vaccine " 
a vaccine with a boost . cool ! via 
federal regulators have okayed a new type of flu vaccine with a booster in it , with the hope … 
federal regulators have okayed a new type of flu vaccine with a booster in it , with the hope of better protecting ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! fda approves new flu vaccine with extra in … 

man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old gabriella doolin 
sad in rural via 
man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old girl in ky . 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of gabriella doolin , 7 via 
my god : 
kentucky man could face death in rape & murder of 7-year-old 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old ( msnbc ) ( 1911 gmt ) 
thug smh 
kentucky man could face death in rape and murder of 7 yr old girl . via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! man could face death in rape , murder of 7- … 
it is dedicated to lady gaga man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old girl in k … 
kentucky man could face death in rape , murder of 7-year-old ( msnbc ) ( 1532 gmt ) 
timothy wayne madden was held on $1 million bail monday and could face the death sentence .... 
kentucky man charged in killing of 7-year-old gabriella doolin could face death penalty . 



first read : ted cruz makes his move in iowa - 
rock solid : ted cruz makes his move in iowa fair flat tax plan & national security . constitutional brilliance first 
ted cruz at 23% support in iowa ! 
more lies from " liberal lamestream media " that you can ignore , 
i think it's adorable that thinks there will be a " thanksgiving pause in the 2016 presidential race . " 
in new iowa poll , ted cruz is making his move in challenge to donald trump and ben carson . 
vist- read : ted cruz makes his move in iowa - 
meetthepress : from nbcfirstread : makes his move in a new iowa 
from makes his move in a new iowa 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day's… 
rt ted cruz is making his move in iowa -- via 
new indicate where things stand in gop race abt 2 mos out from ia & nh 
first read is a morning briefing from meet the press and the nbc political unit on the day's most important ... 

a suspected burglar who became stuck in a chimney died after the unsuspecting homeowner lit a fire . 
suspected burglar dies after getting stuck in california chimney 
suspected burglar died after getting stuck in california chimney 
suspected burglar died after getting stuck in calif . chimney ( msnbc ) ( 2057 gmt ) 
suspected burglar dies after getting stuck in chimney - 
the homeowner heard a man calling for help after he lit a fire , but the suspected burglar was dead when ... 
the homeowner heard a man calling for help after he lit a fire , but the suspected burglar … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! suspected burglar dies after getting stuck … 


rt eagles of death metal open up about paris concert attack 

pope francis visits ugandan shrine amid gay rights debate - 
visits uganda's most holiest shrine paying tribute to christian martyrs . 
pontifex visits uganda's most holiest shrine paying tribute to christian martyrs . 
[ mundo ] pope francis visits ugandan shrine amid gay rights debate 
again , reporters are so stupid at times . the headline below is simply not appropriate to the situation or context ... 
pope francis traveled to uganda’s holiest shrine on saturday , paying tribute to 19th century christian martyrs ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! pope francis visits ugandan shrine amid ga … 
pope francis traveled to uganda's holiest shrine on saturday , paying tribute to 19th century … 
pope francis traveled to uganda's holiest shrine on saturday , paying tribute to 19th century christian martyrs ... 


isis dug network of tunnels under conquered city 
rt is tunnels under sinjar show how well prepared the group has been for airstrike-heavy intervention 
rt isis built network under city , with sleeping quarters , electricity and us-made ammunition . http … 
isis dug network of tunnels under conquered iraqi city of sinjar : 
isis built tunnel network under city , with sleeping quarters , electricity , us-made ammunition 
munitios in tunnels in . weapon sellers must know where they end up 
rt irbil , iraq — under the iraqi town of sinjar , islamic state group militants built a network of tunnels , complete ... … 
the longer that takes the more tunnels theyll be 
rt dug network of tunnels under conquered iraqi city of sinjar 
" they had boxes of us-made ammunition , medicines " ... 

experts conclude tamir rice shooting ' unjustified ' 
attorneys for tamir rice family want own experts to testify - 
lawyers for tamir rice family want own experts to testify 
attorneys for the boy's family released reports it commissioned from experts who say the … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! lawyers for tamir rice family want own exp … 
attorneys for the boy's family released reports it commissioned from experts who say the shooting was not ... 
tamir rice attorneys want own experts to testify 

you don't need to trust me on this carson thing . saving you the google search : 
carson now says he didn\'t see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 
carson also said muslims cheered 911 . carson lies more than and trum['s not a killer . 
rt now says he didn't see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 via for hate & fear & fundraisi … 
oh , we've just got tons of integrity all around this story ! hahaha ! lord ... 
carson now says he didn't see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 via 
flip flopper ? 
rare candidate not radicalizing news now says he didn't see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 
yup , wrote about it yesterday evening ! 
mr. trump's applause lies continue while carson recants nj cheering muslims comment ; 
now says he didn't 👀 cheer 9/11 . said worse of & naive 2think some didn't . 
rt like trump , carson says he saw video of us muslims cheering 9/11 - nbcnews . comlike trum ... … 
i'm ready to propose a new dsm diagnosis : republican hallucinatory disorder ( rhd ) . rhs causes severe ... 
this guy walks back almost everything he says-except almost killing a friend and going after mother with a hammer ... 
i am getting fed up with these republican fools and the time and energy it costs to continually refute their ... 
update : carson now says he didn’t see u.s. muslims cheer 9/11 
carson now says he didn't see us muslims cheer 9/11 - 
" carson does not stand by his statements . hearing & thinking something differently!' 




78 ceos urge pricing of carbon emissions 
ceos of 78 global companies urge governments to price carbon emissions . 
siemens , unilever , hsbc , pepsico ... major international companies from numerous industries joining 74 others in ... 
retweeted business wired ( 78 ceos urge pricing of carbon emissions via ... 
msnbc leaders of 78 major global companies urged governments on monday to include pricing of ... 
leaders of 78 major global companies urged governments on monday to include pricing of carbon emissions in ... 

rt police hunting for second fugitive involved in 

use of credit card ' skimmers ' at gas stations , atms is exploding - 
another reason to buy an electric car ... 
credit card skimming at petrol stations on the rise according to reports . 
be aware of this going on around the country . keep watchful of your account activities . if you do see something ... 
gas station running wild . 
traveling by car over the thanksgiving holiday ? watch out for skimmers . 
use of credit card ' skimmers ' is exploding . 
use of credit card ' skimmers ' at beware ! gas stations , atms is exploding : 
consumer alert : use of credit card " skimmers " at gas stations and atms is exploding 
with card skimming at gas stations on the rise , the shift for auto fuel dispensers can’t get here fast enough . 
use of credit card at gas stations , atms is exploding 
i’m working w/ & 2 help protect fl spike in credit skimmers at gas stations 
has the risk of " pay at the pump " finally exceeded the convenience ? 
keep an eye on your statements ! we hear it happening often with our clients and even some of our staff .... 
is on the rise ! 1 . use low limit cc just for gas & ... 
stay alert to anything you stick a credit/debit card in , especially this holiday travel-shop season . 
use of skimmers at gas stations exploding when will the us require chip and pin ? 
this is an issue . check your bank and credit card accounts regularly . 
from nbc nightly news last night on credit card skimmers in michigan . 
call to calendar your free credit report review today . 
pay with cash , or pay inside the station 
rt skimmers are being used to steal your credit card information . this easy to come by technology allows brazen ... … 
the use of credit card " skimmers , " tiny devices inserted into a gas pump or atm , by identity thieves is ... 
inspectors are now coming across multiple credit card skimmers a week - not just in large cities , but small towns . 


garrett swasey , officer murdered in colorado springs yesterday , was a beloved dad , pastor , & champion ice dancer . 
officer slain in colorado was beloved dad , church leader 
tragic . 
officer slain in colorado planned parenthood attack was beloved dad , church leader 
" he wanted to try to help people , which he did a lot of , " officer garrett swasey's father … 
" he wanted to try to help people , which he did a lot of , " officer garrett swasey's father , david swasey , told the ... 
wnewser : japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! officer slain in colorado was bel … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! officer slain in colorado was beloved dad ,… 


man gets 4 years in prison for torching cvs during baltimore unrest - 


heavy metal band wants a lead singer — made of metal via 

rt bobby jindal ends 2016 presidential campaign via 

russia cuts all military contact with turkey after jet downed 
russia : communication " discontinued " between russian defense ministry and turkish armed forces after jet shot down . 
russia cuts military contact with turkey after jet downed 
russia : communication " discontinued " between russian defense ministry and turkish armed forces after jet sho … 
nbcnightlynews : russia : communication " discontinued " between russian defense ministry and turkish armed forces aft … 
russia : communication " discontinued " between russian defense ministry and turkish ar … 
russia cuts all contact with turkey 
cuts all contact with after downed 
cuts military contact with after jet downed 
cuts military hotline w detrimental for avoiding incidents in the future 
russia broke off all military communication with turkey thursday , including a hotline to … 
russia broke off all military communication with turkey thursday , including a hotline to coordinate airstrikes in ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! russia cuts military contact with turkey a … 
we need the movie jaws music playing in the background ... water is boiling between nations ... may god protect us ... 

rt isis propaganda video shows nyc times square footage , but officials say no new threat … 


buyers beware : ice storm , flood warnings pose black friday threat via 
reddit : buyers beware : ice storm , flood warnings pose black friday threat /r/stormcoming 
havoc on the roadways 
buyers beware : ice storm poses black friday threat 
\'havoc on the roadways\': ice throws holiday into a skid 
buyers beware : ice storm , flood warnings pose threat via 
nbc news 
' havoc on the roadways ' : ice may throw holiday travel into a skid - 
continue reading 
el niño 2015 is on ... just what you guys need in the months to come , fingers crossed for more 
all told , almost 13 million people were under winter storm , winter weather or ice storm … 

map of terror : where will isis strike next ? via 


big tech companies push back on encryption back doors as congress prepares to weigh in . 
tech giants don't budge as lawmakers push weakened 
giants don't budge as lawmakers push weakened via 
“ ... tech companies are trying to do the right thing , and it's because it's good for business for them . ” 
tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption 
tech giants fight l ... | 
tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption : the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate around e ... 
dtn usa : tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption : the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate ... 
scouting tech giants push against lawmakers on encryption thoughts ? 
tech giants fight lawmakers on crypto compromise - the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate around e ... 
unidrone explorer > tech giants fight lawmakers on crypto compromise 
the terror attacks in paris have renewed the debate around encryption inside the beltway , much to the chagrin of ... 

afp to host carly fiorina & thomas pyle at next event h/t 
afp's series continues dec 16 with carly fiorina & thomas pyle . read more from 
koch-backed group to host carly fiorina at nevada event 
koch-backed group hosts carly fiorina at nevada event 
. series has featured & now welcomes fiorina h/t 
koch-backed group to host at nevada event via 
. series has featured cruz , bush , rubio & now welcomes fiorina 
rt the koch brothers are still interested in carly fiorina : 
rt nbc's reports will host fiorina at an event in reno the day after the dec . 15 debate . … 
has latest on effort --> to talk energy regs w/ volunteers 
koch-backed group to host at nevada event . via nbcnews 
i guessshe will take just about anybodys money ? fiorina for sale ??? 
. series has featured bush , & now welcomes 
afp's series continues dec 16 with carly fiorina . read more from 


rt national institutes of health ( nih ) last 50 chimpanzees are retiring via 
nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring 
rt nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring - nbc news 
nih\'s last 50 chimpanzees retiring 
upset peta sent letter to neighbors ? not as upset as chimps abused for yrs ! boofuckinghoo 
awesome !!! nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring via 
nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring via love this but , what about our wounded soldiers hypocrisy ! 
poor chimps ... but today is a great day , nih retires all but 50 chimps from animal testing 
rt chimps retire . 
nih's last 50 chimpanzees are retiring : the last 50 chimpanzees set aside for federal medical research will be ... 

casey kasem's widow sued for wrongful death 
three of the radio personality's children and his brother claim jean kasem's actions led to … 
casey kasem’s widow sued for wrongful death 
three of the radio personality’s children and his brother claim jean kasem’s actions led to casey kasem’s death ... 
three of the radio personality's children and his brother claim jean kasem's actions led to casey kasem's death ... 

stunning ! 



what causes the hiccups ? 

intel officials : migrant risk high in europe , low in u.s. 
even uber-liberal nbc says of the syrians pouring into europe , 70 percent are young men ages 15 to 30 . 

rt charlie sheen says his hiv is ' undetectable , ' but can he still infect others ? 

downed russian jet only over turkey for \'seconds\': u.s. officials 
turkey shoots down russian warplane 
turkey shoots down russian warplane near border with syria - 
this can't be good 
turkey shoots down russian warplane via 
russia has been targeting turkish nationals under the pretext of going after daesh , of course turkey shot the ... 
apparently you can give 10 warnings in 3 seconds 
... then it gobble gobble gobble got out of there ! 
rt turkey shoots down russian warplane 
turkey shoots down russian warplane : hmm ... where is this in the scriptures ? may be bigger than isis ! via 
again - turkey owes russia an apology and restitution for knee jerk reaction via 
turkey down russian warplane via 
that's not good . 
update : downed russian jet only over turkey for ‘ seconds ’ : u.s. officials 
<<" they were in turkish airspace only 2 to 3 seconds , a matter of seconds " the [ us defence ] officials said . >> hmm 
turkish air force contends they warned russian aircraft 10 times in 5 min before their jets opened fire via 
lets hope cooler heads prevail on this one . first major incident in 50 years between and 
russia is fighting isis and turkey is shooting down its planes . what is going on in the world ? guess the world is ... 
shoots down warplane via 
rt annaborsh : shoots down warplane via nbcnews 
we're going to be hearing the phrase " heightened tensions " a lot more . 
nothing like a bit of drama to start the day ! 
turkey shoots down russian warplane-'1st time a nato member has downed a russian aircraft since 1950s ' 
wwiii started today . gonna start binge-watching today " turkey downs russian warplane " via 
is this really happening ? turkey shoots down russian warplane , at least one pilot is dead . 
interesting thanksgiving week headline : " turkey shoots down russian warplane " 
not a small matter . this morning , turkish forces shot down a russian military aircraft near the syrian border . 
wow . turkey . u continue to amaze the world and never in good ways . 
putin insists on supporting his puppet and screws up the whole fight against isis by having his aircraft in ... 
military helicopters search for 2 pilots ejected from warplane downed by 

gulbuddin hekmatyar : fighting can end when occupation is over 
in a clandestine video message , one of afghanistan’s most notorious warlords said he hopes to return to kabul one ... 


parts of the country that vote democratic have gained jobs , those that vote wanker have lost jobs . 
it's interesting that the areas that have recovered most have been the least influenced by toxic tea party politics 
mt parts of the country that vote democratic have gained jobs , those that vote gop have lost jobs : 
surly gop primary explained through workforce stats 
many reasons for this ... 
workforce numbers reveal divided u.s. electorate 
it turns out that if you voted republican your local economy fared worse . go figure . 
icymi : " workforce numbers reveal divided us electorate , " or why dems are slowly taking over : 
the divided u.s. electorate : 
surly primary explained through workforce stats 
workforce numbers reveal divided u.s. electorate : the numbers provide some evidence of the deeper problems lur ... 
workforce numbers reveal divided u.s. electorate : the numbers provide some eviden ... via . 
the numbers provide some evidence of the deeper problems lurking beneath the surly … 
surly gop primary race explained through workforce stats : the numbers provide some ... 


west point military academy bans pillow fights after 30 injuries last summer . ( including 24 concussions ) 
west point bans cadet pillow fights after 30 injured 
west point cadets who are no longer allowed to have pillow fights due to taking them too far 
what happened to army strong ? 
i feel like if 30 people got injured , it was a regular fight , not a pillow fight . via 
november 27 , 2015 , still breaking news ? fukc off____ 
cadet pillow fights like the bloody one that left 30 injured this summer will be banned and … 
cadet pillow fights like the bloody one that left 30 injured this summer will be banned and actions are being ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! west point bans cadet pillow fights after … 

meet the first woman to run for office in saudi arabia 
1000 women candidates registered in & 130,000 women voters . municipal council elex december 12 . 
meet the first woman to run for office in saudi arabia vía 
= of women in a professional way and to make sure that this historic moment is successful , " al-fassi told 
best of luck 👏🏻😊 meet the first woman to run for office in saudi arabia 
this is saudi arabia's first female political candidate - 
is 1st female political 
the first ever female political candidate in saudi 
imagine , women were allowed to vote only in 2011 . a female candidate is indeed a positive development but still ... 
meet the first to run for office in via 
haifa al-hababi is a one-woman revolution in you go girl ! 
also good , but in many countries it hasn't been news for a century . 
nbcnightlynews : haifa al-hababi is saudi arabia's first-ever female political candidate . 
fascinating piece on women & 2015 ksa elections citing sheikha al-sudairy 
how amazing ! saudi arabia's first to run for office . 
saudi arabia has its first female political candidate . 
the first woman to run for office in haifa al-habibi via 
this is first female political candidate 
sitting in a modern living room surrounded by family photographs and interesting knick … 



demolition takes terrifying turn 
an alabama man miraculously escapes injury when a 180-foot tall smokestack topples onto his excavator after ... 
takes terrifying turn - via 

russian pilot and marine sent to save him both killed 
well this is just provocation . nothing good can come of these military actions 
shooting down fighter jets is ok . killing the pilots once they've ejected is not . 
russian pilot , marine sent to save him both killed on turkey/syria border 
the turks also shot down the russian's rescue helicopter ? this could get very interesting . 
already furious with the turks for shooting down their warplane , rudskoy closed by declaring that " contacts with ... 
a russian marine was killed tuesday while he was searching for a pair of pilots whose plane … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! russian pilot and marine sent to save him … 

alleged white house fence jumper left ' suicide note ' 
and this one too ... 
if the goal is suicide by secret service , you'll likely end up with dog bites and a jail cell . get help instead . 
joseph caputo , 23 , will undergo a psychiatric evaluation before his next court appearance … 
joseph caputo , 23 , will undergo a psychiatric evaluation before his next court appearance , officials said .... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! alleged white house fence jumper left ' sui … 


mother , boyfriend charged in death of child burned in oven 
isn't a tragedy , this is -> 19 month old burn to death in oven mother & boyfriend charged . 
finally ! justice is being served ... hopefully 
racqual thompson and cornell malone were charged with endangering a child in the death , which occurred after ... 
racqual thompson and cornell malone were charged with endangering a child in the death … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! mother , boyfriend charged in death of chil … 


rt gunfire erupts as elite french police seek paris attack suspects 

putin asks for map of where to bomb in syria . has he checked the internet ? isis areas shown . 
putin to france : give me map showing where i should bomb 
from russia with love ❤ " to give me map showing where to bomb in 
putin to france : give me map showing where i should bomb via 
to give me map showing where i should bomb : 
rt please give him the map 

three die in as freezing rain , floods hit central us 
3 die in texas as freezing rain , floods hit central u.s. 
three die in texas as freezing rain , floods hit central u.s. 
three die in texas as freezing rain , floods hit central us - 
fast-moving floodwaters in texas claimed the lives of at least three people , via | 
at least three people have died in fast-moving floodwaters in texas as freezing rain and … 
three in as hit central u.s. 🌧 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! 3 die in texas as freezing rain , floods hi … 
at least three people have died in fast-moving floodwaters in texas as freezing rain and flooding pummeled the ... 


2015 is hottest year ever recorded : u.n. agency . 
now let's get this straight ... which never tells the truth ... says it was the hotest year on record ... since 1945 ? 
u.n. agency : it's record hot out there this year 
u.n. weather agency : it's record hot out there this year | 
hot , hotter , hottest : un weather agency predicts record temperatures this year - 
earth's wild weather this year is bursting the annual heat record , the world meteorological organization ... 
2015 is hottest year ever recorded , says 
2015 , hottest year 
un weather agency : it's record hot out there this year - 
earth's wild weather this year is bursting the annual heat record , the world meteorological … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! 2015 is hottest year ever recorded : u.n. a … 
it looks like 2015 will be the hottest year on record , according to u.n. 

video : north korea opens airspace to tourists for first time 
check out north korea from the sky for the first time : 
here\'s what reclusive north korea looks like from the air 
rt nbc > here's what reclusive north korea looks like from the air 
opens to tourists for first time ... 
video of pyongyang from the air is pretty cool . interesting to see how few cars are on the roads compared to west . 
north korea tourism : check out pyongyang from sky for first time - nbc news : 
video : nbc follows our tourists as they take the first ever helicopter sightseeing flight on pyongyang ! 


u.s. misidentified hospital before bombing it : official - 
' tragic mistake ' : u.s. misidentified msf hospital before bombing it 
great to see us take responsibility for this one . . . 
' tragic mistake ' : u.s. misidentified msf hospital before bombing it : a u.s. warplane attacked a medical charit ... 
u.s. misidentified hospital before bombing it : report 
' tragic mistake ' : u.s. misidentified msf hospital before bombing it via 
us bombs hospital dam , this story's changed more times than jennifer lopez at the music awards 
' tragic mistake ' : u.s. misidentified msf hospital before bombing it - nbc news 
doctors without borders hospital bombing a ‘ tragic mistake ’ - u.s. investigation continues in afghanistan 
211 shells hit the hospital over 25 minutes , until the attack was halted . 
rt how us misidentified before it for 29 min , killing 30+ civilians : … 
how us misidentified before it for 29 min , killing 30+ civilians : via 
a u.s. warplane attacked a medical charity hospital in afghanistan after its crew mistook the hospital for a ... 
' a patient trying to escape in a wheelchair was killed by shrapnel , the msf report said . ' via 
hospital was misidentified by us before it was bombed : official - 
i figured this would be the case . investigation finds msf hospital strike caused by a series of errors , it was ... 
' tragic mistake ' : us misidentified msf hospital before bombing it - 
yare ' tragic mistake ' : us misidentified msf hospital before bombing it - yare 
msf hospital strike ' direct result of avoidable human error , ' top us commander in afghanistan says 
again , fool . you do not understand war , nor have you ever had to deal with it . 
u.s. forces misidentified charity's hospital before bombing it : official 
this is why " bombing the shit out of them " wont work . what do u think the victims family's are going to want ? 

police tracked planned parenthood gunman on live video as situation unfolded - 
police tracked planned parenthood gunman on live video as situation unfolded - nbc news 
how police tracked the planned parenthood gunman - 
how police tracked the suspected planned parenthood gunman 
relying on building maps and live surveillance video , the officers helped rescue hostages .... 
police tapped into the planned parenthood surveillance system and tracked the gunman -- more from the operation . 
tracked gunman on live video as ... is it responsible to say " gunman " . 
how police tracked the suspected planned parenthood gunman : relying on building maps and live surveillance vid ... 
3novices : how police tracked the suspected planned parenthood gunman relying on building maps and live surveillance … 
it is dedicated to lady gaga how police tracked the suspected planned parenthood gunman 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! how police tracked the suspected planned p … 

debunking the effect . with statistics showing crime is down , not up . 
don't blame ' ferguson effect ' for crime spikes 
as to a nationaö u.s. crime wave ... well ... that was not true either . via 
don\'t blame the \'ferguson effect\' for crime spikes 
fbi has the data to figure this out but does not release it quickly enuf . 
don't blame " ferguson effect " on spike in crime ! 
researchers cast doubt on as cause of crime spikes ! 
nbc has deployed the zimring . sounds like the name of an austrian bayonet in ww1 . 
researchers cast doubt on ' ferguson effect ' as cause of crime spikes 
al blumstein on - " the opposition to it has been .... closer to denial than counterargument . " 
i don't blame ferguson , i blame black culture . via nbcnews 
there is no proof of a crime wave , or a ' ferguson effect ' via nbcnews 
the effect is police propaganda . crime's down this year ; spikes in violence don't correlate with protests . 
rt there is no proof of a crime wave , or a ' ferguson effect ' via nbcnews 
don't blame ' ferguson effect ' " i don't think there's a trend , " said franklin zimring , studies crime at berkeley . 
there is no evidence of a national crime wave , and there is little common thread among … 



at least 12 dead in attack on tunisia military bus - 
oh no ... this is not good ! at least 12 dead in attack on tunisia military bus via 
at least 11 dead in attack on tunisia military bus 
at least 12 guards were killed and 17 wounded in tunisia , by muslims ! yes , that's right again ! muslims ! 
rt new : at least 11 dead after explosion hits bus carrying tunisian presidential guards in tunis . 
with bacon bits ... 
12 dead in terrorist attack on tunisia military bus 
at least 12 people were killed today after an explosion tore through a bus full of tunisian presidential guards - 
seo website builder at least 12 d ... 
web dsign 

will the numerous product tie-ins boost product sales or fall flat : 

carson aides admit candidate needs work on foreign policy : 

rt two air france flights to paris - from l.a. and d.c. - diverted after bomb threats … 

tech industry not budging as officials push anti-encryption after paris via 

check out the top esl story : several states trying out free community college p … see more 
several states trying out free community college programs - 
several states trying out free community college programs " my family wasn't going to be able to support me financi … 
several states try out free community college programs 
educators are split on the merits of free community college , with some worrying the push could divert students ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! several states try out free community coll … 
several states are trying out free community college programs 


tv station burned down in security cameras missing , locks broken via 
christian tv station burned down in pakistan 
pakistan's gawahi christian tv station gutted in fire 
more religious nutterey : pakistan's gawahi christian tv station gutted in fire 
fire gutted a christian cable tv channel and completely destroyed the station's computers … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! christian tv station burned down in pakist … 
fire gutted a christian cable tv channel and completely destroyed the station's computers and broadcasting ... 
fire gutted a christian cable tv channel and completely destroyed the station’s computers and broadcasting ... 


fraud rates for online transactions seen up during holidays : study - 




texas man executed for fire that killed 3 children - 

mourns ' 130 voices ... killed forever ' 
france mourns ‘ 130 voices … killed forever ’ 
paris attacks memorial service : hollande mourns 130 victims - 
rt paris attacks memorial service : hollande mourns 130 victims - nbc news 
attacks memorial service : mourns 130 victims - : 
rt mourns ' 130 voices ... killed forever ' 
emotional day in paris as france remembers 130 victims of the terrorist attacks . … 
the names of the victims of the paris massacre will be read out at a memorial in the french … 
the names of the 130 victims of the paris massacre will be read out at a memorial in the french capital friday . 
this morning , france mourns the victims of the deadly paris attacks . 

painful chikungunya virus can be worse than feared , study shows - 
watch out for this nasty virus 
painful virus can be worse than feared , study shows 
chikungunya can cause encephalitis , study finds . 
top story : science & research painful chikungunya virus can be worse than feare … see more 
oh , great and it's spreading across latin america ... 
via - painful chikungunya virus can be worse than feared , study shows 
painful can be worse than feared , study shows - - 
revelations everywhere ... 
chikungunya virus infection csn be worse than previously thought via 
painful chikingunya virus may be worse than feared 
researchers say the painful chikungunya virus can be more serious than feared , by | 
painful can be worse than feared , shows 🏥 
rt a virus spreading across the americas , can be more serious than feared . by https … 



record numbe of cops guard macy's parade via how lucky we are to have a police state environment ! ahem .. 
record number of cops guard macy's parade 
record number of cops will guard macy's parade 
record number of cops will guard macy's thanksgiving day parade 
record number of cops guard macy's thanksgiving day parade 
number of cops guard macy's parade via 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! record number of cops will guard macy's pa … 
as millions of americans prepare to celebrate thanksgiving , security will be tight in new york city with a record ... 
as millions of americans prepare to celebrate thanksgiving , security will be tight in new … 

kenyans welcome pope at first africa stop 
pope francis kicked off his five day trip to africa in nairobi on wednesday despite … 
pope francis kicked off his five day trip to africa in nairobi on wednesday despite conflicts between christians ... 

rt man gets 4 years in prison for torching cvs during baltimore unrest over freddie gray … 

planned parenthood decries ' hateful rhetoric ' - 
planned parenthood decries ' hateful rhetoric ' after shooting ( msnbc ) ( 2118 gmt ) 
planned parenthood decries ' hateful rhetoric ' after shooting - nbcnews . complanned paren ... 
rt planned parenthood decries ' hateful rhetoric ' - the president of planned parenthood rocky mountains said witnes ... https://… 
rt planned parenthood decries ' hateful rhetoric ' : the president of planned parenthood rocky mountains sa ... … 
the president of planned parenthood rocky mountains said witness accounts indicate the … 
rt msnbc : planned parenthood decries ' hateful rhetoric ' : the president of planned parenthood rocky mountains said ... … 
rt planned parenthood decries ' hateful rhetoric ' - the president of planned parenthood rocky mountains said witnes ... https … 
hateful words breeds terroristic behaviors 
the president of planned parenthood rocky mountains said witness accounts indicate the shooting rampage was ... 
talk about deceitful spin ! pp seg woman having a mammogram-pp admits they never do mammograms ! 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! planned parenthood decries ' hateful rhetor … 


auto emissions campaigners target testing in new renault report - 
clean air groups target automakers ' testing tricks 
clean air groups target automakers ' testing tricks ( msnbc ) ( 1213 gmt ) 
emissions campaigners target testing in new renault report - nbcnews … 
msnbc : clean air groups target automakers ' testing tricks 
dtn usa : clean air groups target automakers ' testing tricks : a swiss study found renault's espace minivan rele ... 
msnbc a swiss study found renault's espace minivan released diesel emissions 25 times legal l ... 

kasich is telling it like it is ?? 
first they came : goes after with tough video - front and center . 
first they came : kasich goes after trump with tough video 
probably the first of many as the base tries to deals with trump's presidential show . 
tv ad paraphrasing martin niemoller's poem is brilliant . 
the stupidity of supporters : they don't think his bigotry will land at their feet , but oh , it will 
read my subsequent tweets . watch this kasich ad : 
of course he can predict terrorism ; is a terrorist ! 
we were a step ahead roger ! 
first they came : goes after with tough video - via 
sooooomething tells me kasich won't be supporting trump if he's the nominee 
wow . it's a candidate first calling out trump as a hitler , with the " first they came " speech given by a us pow 
presidential candidates are finally calling a nazi : kasich goes after trump with tough video 
" first they came for " 
this isn't a " political issue " -- this is fundamental morality . first they came ... via 
well done via 
... okay , this is a hard hit from kasich . unlike his tweet attempts . 
too many don't care until it's their religion , their race , or their kind . 

did you know the 1st thanksgiving wasn't even in november ? watch our debunker : 
does anyone know in what month the first took place ? hint : not in november 
the original didn't take place in nov . do you know in when actually occurred ? 
carve up 3 thanksgiving myths with your turkey 

flour triggers anthrax alert at brussels mosque 
it was just flour for baking . :) 
eleven people were being tested for exposure to anthrax thursday after envelopes containing … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! flour triggers anthrax alert at brussels m … 
eleven people were being tested for exposure to anthrax thursday after envelopes containing white powder were ... 

boy , 7 , and parents shot and killed in columbus , ohio , home ; gunman dead - 
three in columbus , ohio , home invasion ; gunman critical 
mass shooting of the day . homegrown shooter , not refugee . 
what could refugees do that we don't already do to ourselves ? 7 yo boy , parents shot & killed by neighbor 
boy , 7 , and parents killed in ohio home ; gunman dead - 
another good guy with a gun kills his neighbors : boy , 7 , and parents shot and killed in columbus , ohio , home 
boy , 7 , and parents shot and killed in columbus , ohio , home via 
man shoots neighbors : boy , 7 , and parents killed in columbus , ohio , home via 
7-year-old boy and his parents shot and killed by a neighbor in columbus 
three killed in columbus , ohio , police-involved shooting - 
a boy and parents shot and killed in columbus , ohio , home ; gunman dead 
three killed in columbus , ohio , home invasion ; shooter dead - 
meanwhile in america : neighbor shoots and kills boy , 7 , and his parents in columbus , ohio via 
slaughter in columbus , oh yesterday 
boy , 7 , and parents are dead since shooting in columbus , ohio , home . via 
boy , 7 & his parents shot & killed in home , gunman dead ! 
three killed in ohio home invasion ; shooter dead 
three killed in ohio home invasion ; gunman critical 
seo website builder boy , 7 , and p ... 
web dsign 
★ buy twt followers ★ } boy , 7 , and parents shot and killed in columbus , ohio ,... { ☀☀☀ 
police id victims in killings as 7-year-old boy and parents . gunman also dead . 
rt three killed in columbus , ohio , officer-involved shooting . police confirm . 
three killed in columbus , ohio , home invasion via 

lufthansa union cancels plans for three-day strike 
msnbc a three-day strike at germany's flagship airline , lufthansa , has been averted after a c ... 
a three-day strike at germany’s flagship airline , lufthansa , has been averted after a cabin crew union said it ... 

family searching for missing american whose passport was scanned in paris via 

for the wizard of oz fanatics 
judy ' wizard of oz ' dress fetches $1.5 million at auction 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress goes for $1 … 
that's a pricey dress ! 
have you got any movie memorabilia like judy garland's dress from the wizard of oz ? list it on digiswaplive 
garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress goes for $1.5 million 
dress worn by judy garland in ' wizard of oz ' has sold for $ 1,560,000 at auction 
judy garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress fetches $1.5 million at auction 
judy garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress fetches $1.5 million at auction via 
becky you missed it ! 
a cool 1.5 million .......... 
dress worn by judy garland in ' the wizard of oz ' has sold for $ 1,560,000 at auction . 
garland\'s \'wizard of oz\' dress goes for . 5 million 
whoa , dorothy - that's a lot of emeralds ! the wizard of oz 
iconic .... judy garland's ' wizard of oz ' dress fetches $1.5 million at auction 
okay . who was it ? who got me this dress ? i need to know if i'm to write an appropriate " thank you " card 
thats just ridiculous !! 
garland’s ‘ wizard of oz ’ dress goes for $1.5 million 
a dress worn by judy garland in the 1939 movie “ the wizard of oz ” sold for $1.56 million at an auction in new ... 
a dress worn by judy garland in the 1939 movie " the wizard of oz " sold for $1.56 million at an auction in new ... 

about 200,000 holocaust survivors now live in israel , many of ... 
broad smiles at holocaust survivors ' beauty contest 
broad smiles , enduring spirit at holocaust survivors ' beauty contest - 
broad smiles , enduring spirit at holocaust survivors ' beauty contest : haifa , israel — to the strains of madonn ... 
which holocaust ? - enduring new yorks victimhood lies - 
to the strains of madonna's " vogue , " the 13 women with a combined age of about 1,050 … 
broad smiles and enduring spirit as winner crowned at 3rd annual holocaust survivors ' beauty pageant 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! broad smiles at holocaust survivors ' beaut … 
to the strains of madonna's " vogue , " the 13 women with a combined age of about 1,050 strutted down the runway ... 
update : broad smiles at holocaust survivors ’ beauty contest 
to the strains of madonna’s “ vogue , ” the 13 women with a combined age of about 1,050 strutted down the runway ... 
broad smiles deck holocaust survivors ’ beauty contest 

rt where would marco rubio most like to spend thanksgiving ? his wife jeanette told all about it : … 
rubios talk family , football and sacrifices of the campaign trail - 
rt rubios talk family , football and sacrifices of the campaign trail via nbcnews 
talk family , football & campaign trail sacrifices 
rubios talk family , football and sacrifices of the campaign trail - nbc news 
" if god can build the universe in six days , we can run for president in six days , " via 
rubios talk family , football & campaign trail sacrifices : marco and jeanette rubio open up about making a ... 
" if god can build the universe in 6 days , we can run for president in 6 days ” - why he takes sundays off 
great morning read : rubio's talk family , football & sacrifices of the campaign trail via 
the next first couple discuss and i'm thankful for a 

everything you need to know before buying a new tv 
black friday brief : what you need to know before buying a new tv 
read this guide before you head out to buy a new on 
msnbc buying a tv is no longer just choosing how big a screen you want . here's a rundown of t ... 
buying a tv is no longer just choosing how big a screen you want . here's a rundown of the latest features and ... 
buying a tv is no longer just choosing how big a screen you want . here's a rundown of the … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! everything you need to know before buying … 


debris found off u.k. coast could be from spacex rocket 
debris found floating off uk coast may be from a spacex falcon 9 rocket . 
debris found off u.k. coast could be from rocket 
debris found off uk coast could be from spacex rocket - 
a chunk of metal found off the southwestern tip of england could be from a spacex rocket .... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! debris found off u.k. coast could be from … 
spacex debris found ? 


' anonymous , ' fellow hackers battle islamic state in cyberspace 

charlie sheen says his hiv is ' undetectable , ' but can he infect others ? via 

rt prayers for the families of 4 military service members killed in military helicopter crash at fort hood . … 
four killed in military helicopter crash at fort hood in texas 
our thoughts and prayers are with their families and friends . via 
rt tragic news from ft . hood 




cartoons , cops and clowns at the - via 
cartoons , cops and clowns at the macy's thanksgiving day parade via 
cartoons , cops and clowns at the macy's thanksgiving day parade - nbcnews ... 

dell acknowledges security hole in recently shipped laptops - 
dell acknowledges security hole in new laptops 
dell admits software in some new laptops makes it easy for hackers to access private data . 


rt indianapolis pastor : slain wife ' didn't have an enemy in the world ' via 
" i think the most confusing things in life are when it seems like bad things happen to good people , " -davey ... 
pastor : slain wife ' didn't have an enemy in the world ' nbc news a pregnant woman who was shot to death last week ... 





last ebola patient , a baby girl named nubia , recovers - 
last patient , a baby girl named nubia , recovers 


suspect in shooting of medical student in custody 
suspect in shooting of new orleans student in custody 
suspect in shooting of new orleans medical student in custody 
life w/o parole not enough . if they can't police their own , they should be subject to collective punishment . 
update : new orleans police : suspect in shooting of medical student taken into custody . 
great work new orleans pd & us marshalls ... 
another obama son . dragged woman down street , murdered tulane student who tried to intervene . fully confesses . 
rt update : new orleans police : suspect in shooting of medical student taken into custody . … 
we should applaud the tulane student who was shot risking his in new orleans to keep a woman from being abducted 
⚜ suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run : new orleans police announced sunday that ... 
suspect in shooting of new orleans student still on run ( msnbc ) ( 1340 gmt ) 
helen hey babe . how was new orleans ? charlie the president did very well . 
new orleans police announced sunday that they had made progress in the investigation by … 
rt update : suspect in shooting of medical student who helped stop attack of woman now in custody … 
they caught the 

rt dinosaur claws and a folding trampoline top this year's ' worst toys ' list 

fear and political freak out , from ebola to paris panic and fear don't bring out the best in our political system😳😕 
officer who accused crooked cop of harassment breaks silence nbc news " he took my career , " said denise duebner .... 
what do the paris attacks have in common with ebola ? nbc news first read is a morning briefing from meet the ... 


did trump cross the line by mocking reporter serge kovaleski or whether for him , line even exists ? 
slammed after mocking disabled reporter 
listen to his speech . " at least they were attacking the military " . 
really ???? lmao !!! children .! 
my girlfriend has cerebral palsy . i'll be happy to help anyone's imitation of physical disability permanent . 
rt supporters u r next -> trump mocks disabled reporter . did not ' appear ' to mock , he did via 
icymi : donald trump is under fire this week after he appeared to mock nyt reporter . 
what an a-hole ! 
rt well i guess we know where donald trump stands on disabilities & the disabled vote . disgusting … 
mocking disabled reporter via nbcnews 
this story . it's a lie . 
donald trump criticized after he appears to mock reporter : 
donald trump criticized after he appears to mock reporter serge kovaleski . 
he's mocked everyone else so why not the disabled . his redneck supporters won't mind . they think he's a hero 
it is so hard 2 understand why people would want this greedy , cruel , selfserving , & rude " person " , 2 lead this ... 
rt sure . 
rt - this is not how a acts https … 
video : reports on disabilities controversy - 
time for trump to go as he mocks disability . 
donald trump criticized after he appears to mock reporter : via todayshow 
todayshow : donald trump criticized after he appears to mock reporter : 
donald trump appears to mock new york times reporter's disability : nyt reaction : 
rt making fun of people , nothing new . 
new york times slams donald trump after he appears to mock reporter serge kovaleski 

rt risk of terrorists among migrants low in us , high in europe , intel officials tell … 

kasich proposes new government agency to promote judeo-christian values 
kasich proposes new government agency to promote judeo-christian values via 
rt coming frm the pol who surrendered on homo'l " marriage " : kasich proposes new govt agency to promote jud-chr'n values ht … 
rt but he's a " moderate , " remember . proposes new government agency to promote judeo-christian values … 
at least kasich isn't bashing immigrants , but still gives the impression of cultural religious warfare 
rt the u.s. already has a taxpayer-funded broadcast system : voice of america . duplication is a trait of big government https :/ … 
congrats gop , you officially have no reasonable candidates running this cycle . when you elevate chris christie to ... 
... i repeat , none of them . all of them have gone fascist to snag voters . the pool is poison . 
new to via 

watch bizarre moment boxer serenades opponent 
bizarre moment as heavyweight boxer serenades opponent 
british boxer , tyson fury , sang to his opponent wladimir klitschko who was standing ringside … 
british boxer , tyson fury , sang to his opponent wladimir klitschko who was standing ringside at a public workout ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! bizarre moment as heavyweight boxer serena … 

protesters block chicago streets over video of laquan mcdonald's ... - 
video of laquan mcdonald's killing to be released as chicago braces for protests 
protests in chicago over video of laquan mcdonald shooting 
shameful ! thank you king elliott mccants ! 
rt video of laquan mcdonald's killing released as chicago braces for protests 
rt chicago releases vid of officer shooting teen 16 times . hundreds protest >> … h … 
video shows chicago cop fatally shooting teen laquan mcdonald - 
protesters block chicago streets over video of 17-year-old's killing : 
chicago on edge . 
protesters block streets over video of killing via 
who is the mayor of chicago ? it's rahm emanuel who used to be white house chief of staff for barack obama ,... 
protesters block chicago streets over video of killing 
ok - this is something that i just don't understand . what are people protesting here ? the cop turned himself in ... 
" the chicago public school system deemed the video so disturbing that it sent pupils home with a letter to ... 
they had the video for a year . it took a year to bring an indictment . let's stop denying the system is corrupt .... 
enough is enough is enough : mt 
protesters block chicago streets over video of cop fatally shooting 
protesters block chicago streets over video of 17-year-old's killing : via todayshow 
white cop kills a black guy yielding a knife & protesters block chicago streets . 
todayshow : protesters block chicago streets over video of 17-year-old's killing : 
black men are an endangered species/and we don't even know it ! 
<< laquan , they said , was on the ground for 13 of the 15 seconds van dyke repeatedly fired . mcdonald was wounded ... 
cops can be racist . racists are everywhere . but you're telling me police are a racist agency ? get lost . via 
no rioting so far in chicago . here's the latest from nbc : 
chicago officer who shot black teen 16 times to be charged with first degree murder 
video of cop killing black teen , shot 16 times while on the ground ! 
" 16 shots ! " video of cop executing a black teenager ! 
rt : video of laquan mcdonald's killing cop has been charged with murder ! 
protesters block chicago streets over of laquan mcdonald's killing 
prayers for peace & healing for the people of & justice for & his family . 
rt chicago releases vid of officer shooting teen 16 times . hundreds protest >> https :/ … 

what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to cops 
smart kid . 
what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to cops ( msnbc ) ( 2238 gmt ) 
what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to cops : zachary becerra loves superheroes . but fo ... 
never underestimate someone b/c of their age ! 7 y/o honors one po at a time . via 
oh my gosh my heart needed this . if you can find the full story online ( i couldn't , i think because it just aired ... 
what one 7-year-old boy does to show his gratitude to police officers via 
zachary becerra loves superheroes . but for this 7-year-old , there are no greater heroes than … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! what one 7-year-old boy does to show his g … 
zachary becerra loves superheroes . but for this 7-year-old , there are no greater heroes than new york city's ... 

" watch live : white house christmas tree arrives " 
breaking news < at the white house .. in living color , the white house christmas tree arrives , and in living color .... 

only copy of new wu-tang album in existence sells for ' millions ' 
that one and only copy of the new wu-tang album sold for ' millions . ' 
this is one of the dopest things i've ever heard . via nbcnews 
only copy of new wu-tang clan​ album has been sold to an anonymous buyer for " millions . " 
single copy of new wu-tang clan album sold to anonymous buyer for " millions " 
only copy of new wu-tang in existence sells for millions 
there's only one copy of the new album , and it sold for millions 
great way to bring awareness 
only copy of new wu-tang album sells for \'millions\' 
what wu-tang clan did to sell their new album is creative , but we still would've wanted a copy ☹ 
only copy of new in existence sells for millions 
only copy of in existence sells for millions ! 
i grew up on the crime side , the new york times side ... new wu-tang album in sells for millions 
who snagged the wu album ? 

dad accused of abducting son 13 years ago indicted 
dad accused of abducting son 13 years ago indicted on 32 counts via 
bobby hernandez , 53 , allegedly took his then 5-year-old son from alabama in 2002 , and then moved to cleveland ... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! dad accused of abducting son 13 years ago … 
no amount of prison time will help this young man and family heal but it is a huge message to parental ... 
father indicted on 32 counts in case of boy who realized he was considered missing for 13 years 

rain , ice coat parts of texas , oklahoma and kansas via 
14 deaths blamed on rain , ice storms in central u.s. - 
rain , ice coat parts of texas , oklahoma and arkansas 
heavy rain and icy conditions are likely to stick around through most of the holiday weekend … 

frank gifford had trauma-related brain disorder : family 
rt frank gifford had trauma-related brain disorder : family 
football star frank gifford had cte disorder , assoc . w/ repetitive head trauma , as did 79% of players in study . 
the hall of fame football star and broadcaster who died in august at age 84 , had chronic 
the nfl legend , who died in august , suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy — which … 

5 lessons from shonda rhimes ' new book ' year of yes ' 
excellent piece :-) 
top 5 lessons from new book ' year of yes ' via { just got this book this wk , excited to read ! } 
' year of yes ' : 5 lessons from shonda rhimes ' new book 
" you never say yes to anything . " who would think that statement would apply to shonda rhimes ?... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! ' year of yes ' : 5 lessons from shonda rhime … 
‘ year of yes ’ : 5 lessons from shonda rhimes ’ new book 
“ you never say yes to anything . “ who would think that statement would apply to shonda rhimes ? 


gene scan finds surprising mutations in kids with cancer 
st jude patient juan carries genetic cancer mutations . so does his mom & brother , all tested at st jude : 
finds surprising mutations in with nbcnews 
gene scan finds surprising mutations in kids with - nbc news 
lfs in the news . 
scan finds surprising mutations in kids with cancer … 
rt gene scan of children with show some have genetic mutations that could run in families . 


rt journalist bystander recalls helping paris wounded 



hilton hotels says it found malware targeting credit card data - 
hilton hotels finds malware targeting card data 
when were you going to tell us about the credit card i had to read about it online ?!? 
msnbc hilton worldwide said tuesday it has identified and eliminated malware that targeted cu ... 

girl driving grandfather killed in car rollover : reports 
i'm just speechless ... just plain speechless ... 
cadence orcutt , 8-year-old kansas girl , killed in car crash - 
the little girl was not wearing a seat belt , the kansas highway patrol said .... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! girl driving grandfather killed in car rol … 

company at center of drug price-gouging storm cuts cost of medicine 
we'll stop calling you an asshole when you put it back to $13.50 a pill . turing pharmaceuticals - price-gouger 
it also said it will offer free starter packages to physicians in ... 
turing pharmaceutical ceo is a liar . still hasn't lowered price & won't lower it much if he does . 
company at center of drug price storm cuts cost of medicine 
instead of a 5,000 % increase now only a 2,500 % increase , what a humanitarian ... 
turing pharmaceuticals , company at center of drug price-gouging storm , cuts ... - 
good news : cuts prices ; bad news : now $375 per pill vs $1 in europe via nbcnews 
msnbc turing pharmaceuticals on tuesday said it would cut the cost of its anti-infection drug ... 
company led by reviled ceo martin shkreli cuts drug price to $375 per pill . in europe : $1 . 
. raises then lowers cost of hiv med but still nowhere near original cost & europe is still paying $1 . 

rt eiffel tower closed again over workers ' security fears 



jamar clark protests : 5 shot near black lives matter encampment 
3 white men sought in shooting at protest - 
nbc news 
arrests made in protest in mn 
archiving 
so i guess the new story is the dudes rolled up like bruce willis in die hard with a vengeance . 
minneapolis plce have arrested suspects after 5people wre shot near protest over deadly plce shooting of black man . 
five shot near protest over police killing of jamar clark 
jamar clark protests : two arrested in black lives matter shooting 
white suspect arrested in shooting ! 
two arrested in shooting at protest 
suspect arrested in shooting at protest 
it's time for some narrative power analysis on the news coverage from minneapolis ! 
so ... wait again not syrians ? 
white men sought in shooting at protest : cops were hunting three ... 
our hearts go out to the five protesters shot in minneapolis last night at 
get a job , pull your pants up and cover your ass crack , address things properly and shut the fuck up .... 
go fucking fuck yourselves you people make the rest of your race suffer the embarrassment of your sideways bullshit ! 
fuck black lives matter . every time something happens you jackass motherfuckers run around cryin racism !!! 
continue reading 
five shot at minneapolis protests for jamar clark 
5 shot during protest 
police are searching for 3 white men in connection with 5 shot and injured during a black lives matter protest in ... 
minneapolis police searching for 3 white suspects after 5 people shot near protest over shooting of black man . 
judeo-christian values probably the police in disguise fearing that murder conviction . 
cops seek 3 white men in shooting at protest 
' five shot at protests for 
prayers for those affected by the while protesting for 
nbcnightlynews : minneapolis police searching for 3 white suspects after 5 people shot near protest over shooting o … 
minneapolis police searching for 3 white suspects after 5 people shot near protest over shooting of black ma … 
incorrect , all 5 are alive- still terrible . 


all natural ? cures alzheimer's ? maybe not , feds say 
23000 in er/year due to supplement side effects . article talks about latest crackdown . time for more oversight ? 
rt have questions about natural supplements ; call the poison center at 1-800-222-1222 . 
federal officials arrested six executives of a big texas supplement maker on tuesday as part of a larger ... 
feds announce sweeping actions against dietary supplement makers read all about it : 
rt all natural ? cures alzheimer's ? maybe not , feds say 
buyer beware . save your money for real food . 
feds announce ' sweeping ' actions against supplement makers 
taking supplements ? do your research before you go ! they're not all what they're cracked up to be . via 
what are your thoughts on this ? i personally believe it's been a long time coming . 
rt feds announce ' sweeping ' actions against supplement makers 

consumer prices edged higher in october , giving fed food for thought - 

how short-lived jack black comedy sparked fury in pakistan via 
comedy ' the brink ' sparks fury in u.s. ally pakistan 
hbo comedy ' the brink ' sparks fury in us ally pakistan - 
rt comedy ' the brink ' sparks fury in u.s. ally pakistan … 
after “ homeland ” pakis r fulminating about the portrayal of their country by a hbo comedy series called “ the brink ” 
jack black comedy ruffles feathers in pakistan 
rt how short-lived jack black comedy sparked fury in pakistan something on cinema and mirror of reality ?… 
jack black comedy ruffles feathers in that's why it's called satirical comedy ! 
hotiana also slammed what he said was the show's " repeated insinuations that an intelligence agency of pakistan is c … 
how short-lived jack black comedy sparked fury in pakistan something on cinema and mirror of reality ? :d 
hbo's " the brink " has become the second u.s. program in as many years to spark fury in … 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! jack black comedy ruffles feathers in paki … 
hbo's " the brink " has become the second u.s. program in as many years to spark fury in pakistan for its negative ... 
comedy ' sparks fury in ally via 


how shopping technology forces retailers to alter holiday game ... 
rt how forces retailers to alter holiday game plans 
how shopping technology forces retailers to alter holiday game plans via 
rt how shopping technology forces retailers to alter holiday game plans - 
retailer’s holiday strategy has to adapt to the growing shopping innovations : 
tech forces retailers to alter holiday game plans 
how forces retailers to alter game plans by 
with the help of helps consumers and changes the game for retailers . 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! tech forces retailers to alter holiday gam … 
smartphone apps , browser extensions and other digital tools are forcing retailers to rethink their approach to ... 
msnbc smartphone apps , browser extensions and other digital tools are forcing retailers to re ... 

get the nationwide thanksgiving day forecast 
a large storm will cover much of the nation on thanksgiving and may thwart travelers .... 
japanease salaryman line stamp now on sale !!!! get the nationwide thanksgiving day foreca … 

rt astronomers observe birth of an alien planet for first time 


suspect befriended family before campsite massacre : cops 

rt pastor says his slain wife ' didn't have an enemy in the world ' 


rt journalist trained to treat wounds recalls helping paris attack victims … 


rt defense secretary ashton carter : we are at war with isis 


breaking news : isis declared war against bangladesh ... 
rt isis and - spea's sumit ganguly : 
new isis magazine offers chilling clues to terror group\'s growth 
rt sumit ganguly tells isis ' indication it has moved into bangladesh is a real problem : 
isis magazine details attacks , expansion 

rt 401(k ) fees can range from 50 basis points up to 3 percent . that's a big (& costly ) difference . vi … 
david walters , cfp® & john fattibene , cfp® discuss how to tell if you have a crummy 401(k ) plan 
here's how to tell if you have a crummy 401(k ) plan via 
401(k ) fees can range from 50 basis points up to 3 percent . that's a big (& costly ) difference . via 

