must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 

racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 

rt what century-old photos from the sites of the paris attacks tell us about france's capital … 

rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 
rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january 
the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 
isis is likely responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria 
isis is likely responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria why the 24/7 media for paris ? 
where isis has directed and inspired attacks around the world via 
paris bloodshed may be the latest of many isis attacks around the world 
rt quoted in article on isis and their " trilogy of terror " iraq/syria , their wilayats , & now capable cells … 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , according to his advisers 
ask any nurse about arrogant neurosurgeons . very typical . very dangerous . . 

a return to living . a show of unity . france receives a friendly embrace in england 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
nytimes : a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

a rallying cry in paris : 
" tous au bistrot ! " “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
love this : a rallying cry in paris : everyone to the bar ! via 
good food , wine , friendships , & laughter remind us once again why we do what we do <3 
for my " drink ! " students . a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
“ it will be an act of peaceful resistance ” 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ - the new york times 
one of the many ways that new yorkers and parisians are kindred spirits 
a very act of defiance . — “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : tous au bistrot ~ everyone to the local bar-restaurant ! 
that's the way to do it . " a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar ! " 
i'll drink to that ! 
parisian restaurant owners are calling for a very french act of defiance . tous au bistrot via 
you know the best way to stay alive ? you keep living . rallying call in paris , via 
let's stand in solidarity with these parisians ! get to the bar ! 
" go to a place where you can have a beer , some peanuts , a plate of sausages , anything " 
" “ everyone to the bar ! ” ... ( ... and have a white russian on me ...! ) 

2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over security concerns 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over security concerns - new york times 
french flights from u.s. diverted to slc and halifax , ns due to unidentified security concerns 
2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over … 
air france flights from los angeles and washington were diverted to other airports because of security issues , the federal aviation administration said . 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
nytimes : anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
husband tells “ i will not give you the gift of hate . ” 
paris victim’s husband tells terrorists , ‘ i will not give you the gift of hate ’ 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
nyt : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as new york attorney general issues subpoena 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as new york attorney general issues subpoena to company ( nytim … 
top story : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added t … see more 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company 
basically , it's just dressed up gambling hiding behind a fantasy sports cloak . 
leia no > end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is sa … see more 
ny ag subpoenas $yhoo in witch hunt , thinks playing fantasy sports isn't a victimless crime 
guessing that eric t . schneiderman dfs teams are the reason he's trying to end fantasy sites in new york ; 
end sought to fantasy sites in yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
rt yahoo is latest target in ny attorney general's investigation of daily fantasy sports . $yhoo 
the part about gambling addicts writing in to to request account closure . yeesh . 

rt every person implicated so far in the paris attacks has been a french or belgian citizen . none is a syrian migrant . https :/ … 
rt most of the paris attackers were home grown , so 
finding the links among the paris attackers 
what we know about the paris attackers 
so apparently , not a single individual in the paris attack has even been linked w/ refugee status yet : 
topping my tweeted times : what we know about the paris attackers see more 
top story : what we know about the paris attackers see more 
un groso ! what we know about the paris attackers see more 
top story from ba1 records times : what we know about the paris attackers see more 
finding the links between the paris attackers - new york times 
important to note as many flee horrific conflict in syria : and 
top story : peter beaumont what we know about the paris attackers see more 
know the facts : based on what we know now , none of the attackers were 
interesting ... so this means we just can't allow any french people into the us , right ? 
what we know about the paris attackers via 
no . they were french citizens . 

why would they do this ? painful 2 watch , important 2 know . the attackers the victims : 
( the paris attackers : who were they ? ( 
who were the attackers in paris ? video . 
rt a snapshot of seven men suspected in the paris attacks . who were they ? by 
who are the paris attackers ? very informative video piece by my colleague 
prevention of radicalism ; possible only through cooperation w/ muslim immigrants paris attackers : who were they ? 

when tv turns itself off 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " … 
when terrorists strike , television networks respond , sometimes sensitively and other times perhaps unnecessarily . 
rt great point by 
when broadcast tv self censors … " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares — communal , cathartic ... " 
should tv networks pull sensitive shows after a tragedy ? : “ we should not be surprised that extremists excoriate p … 
why terrorism-themed episodes shouldn't have been pulled 
amateur : nyt correction : " ... it is ' sex and the city , ' not ' sex in the city . '” 
3 ) " ... that allow us to conceive awful things at a safe remove . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 

what travelers can expect in paris 

france-england game is a friendly in every sense of the word 
friendly steeped in fraternity . all wembley sings “ la marseillaise ” at france-england match . sniff , 
this // normally , the visiting team’s anthem would be played first ; on this night , “ la marseillaise ” was played last 
france-england game was a friendly in every sense of the word 
lovely match report on a " friendly " between france and england 
lovely , lovely match report on france-england " friendly " 
france receives a friendly embrace in england 
thankful for capacity of sport to connect diverse communities & cultures , to unite , & to inspire resilience & hope 
sport at its finest . " a return to living . a show of unity . a friendly . " rt france gets a friendly embrace in england 

thats why i did not change my profile picture as french flag 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality via 
as tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
top story : retweets as social media tributes pop up , so do … see more 
top as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality - th … see more 
my short post on fb's french flag debacle , and how the lebanese flag made it to profile pics without facebook's help 
social media tributes-complaints of inequality - helping all cries have the option to be heard — via 
why did blatantly ignore and do nothing when warned . 

storm system batters colorado and texas 

guinea , last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
last known ebola patient worldwide getting treated is a 3-week old in guinea , which soon could be ebola-free . 
ny times : last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
a 3-week-old girl now recovering could be the final patient in an epidemic that killed more ... 
good news . 

french return to cafes in a show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” 
rt french return to cafes show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” 

what travelers can expect in 
“ the french need support now more than ever & want to return to normal life . ... not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
message to tourists : “ the french need support now more than ever , & leaving or not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
what can expect in 
here is a rundown on how hotels , airlines and cultural sites are accommodating travelers to paris 
also i wish i could give blood , but as a cancer survivor i believe i'm not allowed .... 
the best thing can do to help is to keep visiting paris and not be scared away . 
here is some helpful advice from the for anyone travelling to 
" the single best thing travelers can do to help is to stay in paris and to keep coming to the country . " 
great article 

ireland holds its first same-sex marriage ceremony 

cuts staff as site focuses on politics 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ : ... 
drops weird news , four employees : 
politico : gawker media is changing 
my favorite website is 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on < b > politics < /b > a la ' daily show ' 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ' daily show ' 
rt in may 2015 , alleged o’reilly was accused of physically assaulting his ex-wife maureen m … 
breaking : will have massive lay offs . 
is changing its focus 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ 
gawker to retool as politics site : a site that pioneered the knowing and snarky tone th ... 
in a stunning change , gossipy will become a focused on politics : … 
site closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics | deadline 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily … [ via 
from gossip to politics : will be the first of many or the last ? 
gawker to become politics site in broad restructuring : which has focused primarily on t ... 
gawker to focus on political news , not gossip : gawker media said it would reorient its flagship site to focus o ... 
will be moving away from covering news ... 
cuts staff as site focuses on < b > politics < /b > 
rt gawker media plans to shift the focus of its flagship site to politics 
shakeup at gawker signals a return to focus : in a series of changes at gawker media , is ... 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
idaho deputies fatally shot a local man and his small western town seeks his justice 
family of man by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man's fatal encounter with deputies - new york times 
family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it … 
family of man killed by deputies in says it was murder : jack yantis went to the scene of a crash involving ... 
jack yantis went to the scene of a crash involving a bull from his farm . he was shot by sheriff’s deputies , but much about what happened on that rural highway is unclear . 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck , and why via 

rt after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via 
after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via nytopinion 
" after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via " = f 

the eiffel tower is closed again 
eiffel tower is closed once again - new york times 
it has been confirmed that the eiffel tower is closed due to a bomb threat 
eiffel tower is closed once again — via nytimesworld 
updates on paris . 
" responding to hatred with anger would be to fall to the same ignorance that made you the people you are . " a . leiris 

new york times interactive thanksgiving menu planner 🦃 
looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative recipes a try ! 
getting lost in this thanksgiving meal planner feature . everything looks so good . ( maybe b/c it's dinner time rn ) 
our menu planner will help you craft the best thanksgiving for everyone at your table . 
thanksgiving recipes - nyt cooking 
build your go big or go home , i say : thanksgiving recipes 
how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . 
what are your upcoming thanksgiving plans ? will you be traveling or will travelers be visiting you in long beach ?... 
some people dread the harriedness of holidays . but i love spending hours pouring over magazine spreads of old ... 
you must take a look - it is interactive and so much fun ! ready ... steady ... go and plan that thanksgiving menu ! 
making this day great : the happier podcast and madness 
rt rt academykierland looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creati … 
rt rt azdavidcreed looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative … 
" thanksgiving for all " ->> sept . vogue , on newsstands near you . ( or online : ) 
getting ready for thanks to 
rt how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . https … 
hint . for all those who have invited me for t-day , please check out the menu & recipes . look forward to sharing ... 
how to make turkey + all the fixings ! ht 
can't wait to host next year in my home ! 
rt kateconewrites thanksgiving central great post samsifton had me laughing & crying 
thanksgiving central great post had me laughing & crying 
no more welcoming , inclusive holiday on the american calendar than thanksgiving . therefore let us keep the feast . 
love it 
! rt these recipes are amazing ! thanksgiving beyond wildest dreams from et al 

manhattan psychic admits taking over $550000 from lovelorn client - new york times 
manhattan psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client - - 
you just can't make this shit up . $ 550,000 for psychic to raise the dead 
love is wasted on the young , money on the rich . 
how stupid can people be ? $us550 , ooo ! 

your date/model . let's go somewhere exotic & try new things . book ... 
where isis claims it has struck , and why 
very useful timeline from nytimes . 
top story : retweets where isis claims it has struck , and wh … see more 
where claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck since october 3 , and why 
russell goldman and karen yourish teaching things mum can't . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 

“ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race 
rt nytimes : “ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race … 

republicans call for halt to syrian ... | 
paul ryan calls for halt to syrian refugee program 
republicans call for halt to human program - new york times 
also tuesday , two senators announced a push for a formal authorization of military force agains .. 
us house pressures obama to kill refugee plan 
“ our nation has always been welcoming , but we cannot allow terrorists to take advantage of our compassion . " 

the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 

is changing its focus 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat — via 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover - new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat - new york times 
soccer - soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat - new york times 
it seems to have been a harmless package & some sort of threat 
web dsign 
seo website builder soccer stadiu ... 
police have found an ambulance packed with explosives outside soccer match in 
this is getting way too close . i work in this city and spend most of my days there . it's crazy .... 
hannover hannover stadium hosting germany-netherlands game evacuated ; game cancelled - richmond 😗😣 

a rallying cry in paris : " everyone to the bar ! " 
a rallying cry in paris : “ everyone to the bar ! ” 

rt the united nations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 
rt the unitednations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats … 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins — via 
lovers of live music , travelers to & co-runners of the family italian joint ; the 2 cousins at 

" they might have guns , but we have flowers " 
one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers vía 
some of us help . some bring flowers . some can't help but bring their fear . talking paris w/ kids 
rt i wasn't going to write " talking paris with kids " until i saw how beautifully this dad handled it : … 
" ... nous avons des fleurs " one on they might have guns , but we have via 
look for the helpers , appreciate the flowers , and don’t let fear stop you . via 
love vs hate-this parent chose love . filipinos did it first on 1986 . 

cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says 
cease-fire and a political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , john kerry says . 
cease-fire and a political transition in crucial to defeating says . 
visiting france , kerry vows ' greater pressure ' on isis 
cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating says 
visiting france , kerry vows ‘ greater pressure ’ on isis 
sec . kerry states there will be more pressure on isis , from the world community 
. urges ceasefire - cease-fire & political transition in crucial to defeating kerry says 
yes , but what of pol future of irq ? " kerry : ceasefire & political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis " 
kerry says a cease-fire & political transition in syria crucial to defeat isis 
and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - new york times 
when love to come . cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating is ... 
in response to the paris attacks , john kerry vows " greater pressure " on isis 
the secretary of state expressed optimism that a shift could come within weeks now that the united states and other nations have agreed to a framework . 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
if you were wondering about lsu grad he sees himself more as a malcolm not martin 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

call to arms in france amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
rt belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack 
raid brussels area in search for terror suspect 
french version of usa patriot act “ … called on monday for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists . " 
the world salutes the french victims but nothing on the russian victims of the plane : double standard ... 
rt next you'll tell me this man isn't really belgian https : … 
rt it is critical that " war " on does not subvert democracy or become a crusade against muslims . … 
paris attacks plotted by belgian who fought for isis , french officials say 
so this sounds like the setup to something like l'acte de patriote 
nyt : president hollande calls for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists at home , 
belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack , official says 
on-the-run paris suspect salah abdeslam was stopped by the french police on saturday but was let go when his paper … 
hacker news - french president hollande seeks to amend constitution 
hollande seeks new legislation that would create more flexibility for combating 
" our democracy has prevailed over much more formidable opponents than these cowardly assassins , " mr. hollande ,... 
call to arms in amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspect in 
rt president hollande vows revocation of french citizenship for dual nationals convicted of terrorism http … 
abaaoud was already a suspect in a failed jan plot in belgium & aug plot 2 shoot passengers on paris-brussels train 
the mastermind leader of the paris attack was not syrian or middle eastern but belgian ! 
holland calls 4 new powers after paris attacks lets show isis whos boss by giving up our rights 
d'you suppose hollande will call it the " patriot act " , too ? " mr. hollande called for quick action by parliament ... 
rt if we continue to follow us & france foreign policy to absurdity , they should be bombing raqqa , brussels & chartres . ht … 
" france is at war . " -- president hollande . 
" terrorism will not destroy the republic , because it is the republic that will destroy it . " dat juxtaposition doe . 
french government turns up the heat on isis . what are the " exceptional " measures here ? civil liberties in trouble ? 
thoughts ? 
fr pres calls for const amendments that would give the gov flexibility to conduct raids without a warrant 
president hollande , what you are requesting is a slippery slope sir . 
hollande calls for new powers to ‘ eradicate ’ isis after paris attacks 
hollande calls for constitutional amendments to enable fight against terror . 
since when is changing the constitution to enable a police state not giving in to terror ? nyt-call to arms in france 
call to arms in france amid manhunt hollande seeks to amend constitution 
policing in america changed forever after 9/11 . the legislation france seeks for greater surveillance is frightening 
if getting to know incoming refugees was the solution , then it stands to reason that one's refugee family members ... 
police raids in france and belgium seek paris attack suspects 
aurelien breeden , kimiko de freytas-tamura and katrin bennhold , calls to arms in france amid manhunt for belgian ... 

leaving the democratic party after this election . fed up . 
after paris , who passes the ‘ commander in chief test’ ? 
social event stops : after area , who passes the ' physical object in chief problem solving' ? 
we may not want to politicize tragedies , but tragedies have political outcomes all the same . 

germany-netherlands match canceled over security concerns 
germany-netherlands soccer match canceled over security concerns 
germany cancels soccer match with netherlands 
ah nevermind , seems like it was just a " suspicious object " twitter messing with us . 
germany-netherlands match canceled , evidence of plans to detonate an explosive device in the stadium : 
germany cancels match with the netherlands over security concerns - - 
police chief says there was serious threat to city and stadium , including plan for explosion . 

a migrant boy with a thermal blanket on the shore of the greek island of lesbos 
photos of the day 
rt women worshiped the setting sun while celebrating a hindu festival in mumbai . more photos https :/ … 
i've always been a sucker for beautiful photos of the day 
photos of the day via 
the new york times photos of the day 

belgian suspect in was target of airstrikes on in 
second suspect is sought in 
second suspect sought in paris attacks 
french hunt new suspects in paris attacks 
belgian suspect in paris had been target of strikes on isis in syria 
suspect is sought in paris attacks - new york times 
rt france launches new airstrikes on isis in syria /nyt 
paris attacks suspect was target of strikes on isis in syria 
belgian suspect in paris attacks was target of airstrikes on isis in syria - 
top story : belgian suspect in paris attacks was target of airstrikes on isis in … see more 
help me out here , real question : why so many leads and arrests after the fact ? 

once infested with security flaws , does an about-face 
sheds reputation as an easy mark for hackers 
once the black sheep when it came to microsoft has worked hard to correct course : via 
explains why i'm still working there and more excited than ever under our new management - 
rt once infested with security flaws , does an about-face 
you can’t say i’m serious about security without exercising the regimen of keeping security top of mind every second 
once infested with flaws , does an about-face 
has been far better in responding to hackers and scammers in my experience , than or 
rt microsoft & security in today's world -- piece by 
microsoft’s chief executive satya nadella spoke on tuesday about how microsoft confronts security threats . 
our client increasing security , supporting security-related initiatives & hiring security employees read : 
once infested with does an about-face 
microsoft's security about-face happened 5+ years ago , but at least they are getting credit now for that work . 

abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
nytimes : abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 

rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 

so scalia can't distinguish between groups like black , gays or women and groups like child abusers and pederasts 
it's 2015 . stop comparing lgbt people to criminals & pedophiles . even for scalia this hate is beyond the pale . 
ignoring the history of civil rights , scalia equates laws protecting my marriage to laws protecting child molesters . 
antonin scalia questions protections afforded to people ; says same logic could apply to child molesters . 
u.s. supreme ct justice scalia compares protecting people to protecting child molesters 
this language from scalia is irresponsible and hateful . i get you having a moral issue but supporting hate ... 
justice scalia reveals again that be doesn't seem to understand much of anything by comparing gays to child ... 
breaking : justice scalia is skeptical of carolene products footnote 4 . 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections 
rt god bless justice scalia for presenting his anti-gay views in the most unattractive and unconvincing way possible . https :/ … 
uncharacteristic representation on nyt's part . scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
justice scalia is a sad , reprehensible , impotent man ; likens lgbtq+ protections to child molesters . via 
in news from the late 1700s : scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections :: via 
i used to think scalia had a great legal mind that i disagreed with . but really , he's just a smug asshole . 
rt justice scalia is not only an asshole , but one totally unaware of the world he lives in - 
fuck you - comparing legal protections of people to 
" you guys " being the comment section of free republic . | " i write the dissents for you guys " 
justice scalia equates rights to child molesters , can't trust this guy for giving people a fair hearing 
scalia sarcastically says lgbt protections could apply to child abusers , another " deserving minority . " 
scalia comparing gay rights protections to protecting child molesters . give me a break . via 
justice (?) antonin compares gays to child molesters 
more right-wing poison : ... 
. foremost in his life is his catholicism . he brings it to work w/him every day . 
" scalia expressed frustration with how little debate goes on when the justices meet in private to discuss and vote . " 
sometimes i can't tell if scalia is channeling trump or the other way around . 
this is what's at stake next november , kids : replacing reactionary dinosaurs like scalia on the court 

paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syrian refugees into the u.s. 
mohandesdean : rt nytimes : paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syria … 

rt don lemon said this . i'm just going to leave this here . 
don lemon doesn’t get offended 
" the best way to improve yourself is to improve yourself . " 
rt “ don lemon said this . im just going to leave this here ” ht … 
" i'd probably be a writer like james baldwin . " 
horrified or amused this is a great read . brava don lemon doesn’t get offended 
rt for those looking for the link : 
my comment on doesn’t get offended via 
don lemon thinks he could be jesus christ q : that sound you hear when don lemon talking ? a : 

mourners reflected in the bullet-pierced glass of le carillon in paris on tuesday 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 

how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia 

storm system batters colorado and texas 
same storm blocked both co residents in the snow and brought tornadoes to tx tuesday 
a winter storm brought more than 100 flights to a standstill in denver , while parts of the central and southern plains recovered from power failures and tornadoes . 

" after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via " 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via nytopinion 

an african king in 
how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia via 
a simple , humble african king in bolivia 
new article in nytimes about the afro-bolivian king , julio pinedo ... 
just across from the touristic village of coroico , lives one of the remaining african kings !... 
rt jamesestrin : a simple , humble african king in bolivia nytimesphoto 
an african king and his wife , queen angelica , work in a small grocery store on the ground floor of their house in ... 
rt an african king in 
amazing story about african heritage in latin america : an africa king in bolivia 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

photos of the day 
i've always been a sucker for beautiful photos of the day 
photos of the day via 
the new york times photos of the day 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 

gawker to retool as ' politics site ' ... - 
rt as gawker and its " journalists " enter their death spiral , we can only hope they take jezebel with them . … 
wait io9 is shutting down ? or am i missing something ? 
rt sources : gawker to become politics site , about 10 people to lose jobs in gawker media revamp https : … 
shock horror : gawker is going political , jezebel to be a celeb gossip site . 
follow the money 
mt : to as 
rt gawker , but for politics ? will never work . 
heather dietrick is killing the " clothes to evade the predator with " game rn 
leftist political site to " retool " as leftist political site : 
sorry to see go . mixed emotions about it being absorbed by 
what ?!? is this true ? gawker is retooling to focus on politics , exclusively ? 
new york times - usa - gawker to retool as a politics site - 
gawker is pivoting to politics . yeah ok .... good luck with that guys . 
huh ? gawker has now officially lost its way . gawker is said to retool as politics site via thanks 

rt a look at the altered images , bogus tweets and odd theories that spread across the internet after the paris attacks https : … 
paris attacks give rise to misinfo 
paris attacks give rise to fakes and misinformation 
" people will share anything online in order to share something online . " - 
read when terror strikes , count on new york times spending its resources debunking and not investigating conspiracy . 
this is undeniably true that on the internet , there is always something surprises you yet it's fake . 
give rise to fakes and misinformation via 
give rise to and | via by 
fascinating read about misinformation in the aftermath of tragedies . 
paris attacks give rise to fakes & | by 
a terrible part about the tragedies : people spreading harmful misinformation about the attacks , about innocents . 
please stop re-posting things you see on fb without checking them first . even the most benign posts can be ... 
rt " crisis actors , " altered photos and fake tweets . beware of bogus paris attack stories : 
are you an amateur sleuth , a brilliant conspiracy theorist or simply spreading dangerous and misleading b*llsh*t ? 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 
charlie sheen : i paid blackmailers $10 million to keep quiet about my hiv . 
" “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen in an interview with matt lauer " 

vilifying refugees ? 
isn't america in a catch 22 ? it must be a conundrum to argue for or agst battening down the hatches to stop terror . 
" confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable " 
rt after paris attacks , vilifying refugees canada showing leadership 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " timely editorial on opening up to refugees . https :/ … 
the nyt vilifying gop common sense , as usual 
“ slamming the door in their faces would be a betrayal of our values . " pres . obama is right . rt 
hooray for the refugees are fleeing terrorism and vilifying them is repugnant 
rt we must have the moral courage to open our arms . via 
rt nyt editorial board hits the mark : vilifying refugees after paris unacceptable 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided . " … 
rt some refreshingly blunt words from editorial . 
rt post paris attacks , vilifying refugees editorial board : jeb's " idiotic " , pbo g20 response " just righ … 
" confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " and yes , it is that simple . 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " … 
after " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " 
" confusing refugees w/ terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
rt nyt : shutting out is an " impulsive & politically expedient response " 2 the & its wrong http … 
“ many of these refugees are the victims of terrorism ... slamming the door would be a betrayal of our values . ” -potus 
to overcome we must overcome fear of & closing the door is not the answer . 

rt if you agree : refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 
international relations stories u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned … see more 
u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats ’ 
" many are fleeing extremism and terrorism – from the very people associated with the paris attacks . " 
it breaks my heart that the even has to make this statement : " refugees should not be scapegoats , " via 
live coverage | un agency says refugees should not be turned into ' scapegoats ' - new york times 
refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats’! unhcr statement says it all : 

well : eye twitches 
what causes eye twitches ? via 
an answer to a common question ! 
a reader asks , what causes eye twitches ? 
what causes the eye to twitch ? via 
why is my eye twitching ? via 
choice tidbit like our facebook page ... it's an education ! 
i have always wondered about this ... 

strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results 
the barrage of french airstrikes didn't kill civilians , mostly hit empty buildings . 
notwithstanding obama's " new " ideas on fighting isis strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results 
rt strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results 
strikes on in lead to more questions than results 
strikes on in syria lead to more questions than results cf 
an unnecessarily thoughtful look at france's decisive action in syria , which was not preceded by dithering & excuses 
results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” - 30 hit mainly outskirts 
as opose to zero for french 
cause ya know , it would be kinda awkward arming and bombing them simultaneously 
strikes on raqqa in lead to more questions than results 
results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” 
top story : retweets strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more … see more 
results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned locations . ” - 30 hit mainly outskirts 
on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results - new york times 
rt is there really no way to conduct more precise attacks from aircraft ? against individuals not buildings 

charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep it secret 
rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret 
rt we hope . announcement finally quiets tabloids . should not be stigmatized ! 
rt charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep his diagnosis secret 
the reputation doctor® comments on in 
rt who's to blame for outing charlie sheen and his hiv secret : media , ' mates ' or both ? new york times https://… 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
points : he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert ha … 

envisioning how global powers can smash 
experts suggest ways to rid the world of only way is to get rid of the cars , bankrupt saudia & iran . 
you know it's been a long week when the new york times has stopped capitalizing sentences . 
what will it take to destroy isis ? experts from around the world weigh in . 
much of the world agrees the islamic state must be crushed . but how that can be accomplished , and what the consequences may be , is more complicated . 

rt two of ben carson's top advisers say he's struggling to grasp foreign policy 
we can't be experts in everything . i can't perform brain surgery , but i wouldn't attempt it . 

first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
top story : retweets first same-sex marriage ceremony held i … see more 
first marriage held in 
marriage dreams coming true on the 
voters approved - here is the 1st ceremony . 
rt first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
first same-sex marriage in ireland today ! 
douglas dalby teaching things mum can't . 
lots of things are terrible , but this is not . the first same-sex marriage in ireland : 
first same-sex marriage ceremony in ireland 
[ josh and skinner sit down . ] josh , the language doesn't prohibit same-sex marriage . josh of course it does . 

charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of defiance 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of d … — via 
how do folks feel about charlie hebdo's cover ? is it bold ? insensitive ? both ? i want to say both . 
les inrockuptibles , charlie hebdo and others remain defiant against extremism 
ahh i love the french so much . " they have weapons . screw them , we have champagne ! " 
. on the latest charlie hebdo cover , and the message of defiance in french media after 
cover junkie 

rt quote of the day 
rt “ quote of the day ” by 

on campus : stories from new york times readers 
racism on campus : stories from readers . journalism prof is featured 
" [ faculty and student body are very diverse ... that makes a difference to how minorities feel on campus . " 
shoutout to prof . tom costello . rt : racism on campus : stories from ny times readers 
times readers talk about experiencing racism on their college campuses . add your comments . 
readers were invited to describe encounters with discrimination on campus . dozens shared their stories . 
racism on campus : stories from times readers 
racism on stories from new york times readers quotes ou professor thomas costello 
times readers describe encounters with bigotry and discrimination on college campuses across the united states . 
campus racism : nyt readers stories similar to being called fat , 4-eyes , etc . hurtful , but to call for resignations ? 
racism on campus : " last semester a makeshift noose was hung on my campus at the student center . " 
important , awful stories of racism on campus . 
racism on campus : stories from new york times … 
rt get ready to cringe : collects readers ’ stories of racism on campus 

what will it take to destroy isis ? experts from around the world weigh in . 

belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbeek 
top story : retweets police raid house in troubled brussels … see more 
top police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - the new york t … see more 
police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - new york times 
- police raid house in troubled neighborhood — 
points : belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbe … 

the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life , via 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
100-yr-old postcards of paris terror sites show same streets & storefronts , treasured because so inviting 
" people still go out b/c going out is something that paris invites us to do . " fantastic piece via 
rt wonderful article by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life 
it is good to know after the paris attacks that life will continue as it has for more than a century in the ... 
paris invites you 2 " explore , take wrong turns , fall in love , protest & have a drink in the same places others have " 
" people still go out because going out is something that paris invites us to do . " vintage snaps of the 10e : 
a thoughtful piece on the architecture of paris streets and why senseless acts of terrorism won't change them : 
rue alibert , rue bichat and the bataclan as seen in beautiful vintage postcards via 
top twitter paris story : the uncommon resilience of parisian st … see more 
the uncommon resilience of paris street life , by my friend alex toledano in the 

an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
his own family wanted him dead . wow . 
rt what makes a terror mastermind ? an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead via https :/ … 
rt an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead alive again 
chief suspect is an isis militant whose own family wished him dead ... 
what a surprise - turns out the paris ringleader wasn’t oppressed - he was a middle class fuckwit 
rt the new york times » the chief suspect : an militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 
rt " we are praying that abdelhamid really is dead , ” said the sister of paris attack suspect , despised by his own family … 
( the chief suspect : an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him d ... ( 
sister of paris attack mastermind in fall 2014 : “ we are praying that abdelhamid really is dead . ” 

charlie hebdo's latest cover offers a message of defiance 

rt not a good look when your advisers are giving quotes like these * on * the record : … 
ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
rt wow . this quote about ben carson is not from a rival campaign , but his own adviser … 
“ nobody has been able to sit down with him and ... get one iota of intelligent information about the middle east . " 
this piece on is so great i want to wrap it up & gift it to all my friends . via 
rt the craziest thing about this is many people are gna see it and say “ i like that about him " https :/ … 
rt ben carson's own advisers admit he's clueless on national security . hilarious but true story . 
rt yikes - carson advisers offer less than flattering assessment of his foreign policy grasp , via … 
carson struggles to grasp foreign policy um ... he knows his mid-east ! psst ! he's onto the hidden the grain ! 
800lb gorilla of wtf : " mr. clarridge ... contacted mr. carson nearly two years ago to offer his services without pay " 
rt " nobody has been able to sit down with him & have him get 1 iota of intelligent information about the middle east . " https :/ … 
rt this was on the record ?!? 
" faced with increasing scrutiny about whether mr. carson , who leads in some republican presidential polls , was ... 
rt this quote from this carson foreign-policy adviser -- wow 
nytimes : carson is struggling on foreign policy , aides say this admission comes from his aides . 
holy fuck , dewey clarridge is advising ben carson . 
rt this is carson's own advisor , on the record . 
rt “ nobody has been able to sit down w him and have him get one iota of intelligent information about the middle east ” https://… 
ben carson is struggling with foreign policy , obama still has this problem for the last 7 yrs + his 2 senate yrs . 
jeb bush's foreign affairs advantage : sometimes he gets to hang out with his dad's friends ( 
rt lost in the shock at this awful ben carson story : his top foreign policy advisor was indicted in iran/contra … 
ben carson is struggling - no shit , he is having trouble comprehending more than that 
with friends like these , ben carson doesn't need enemies . 
your opponent is having a helluva time trying to learn foreign policy . can't remember anything ! 
this wk's reality check : the guy from still leads the field of candidates . 
having eidetic memory & being intelligent are different things . is struggling to grasp foreign policy 
rt fascinatingly indirect way of reporting that man running for president and leading in some polls doesn't know shit . https … 
duane r . clarridge : american hero/sometimes criminal | ben carson struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
rt dr ben carson is a foreign policy dummy , his advisers say . 
thank goodness for wait .. wait . no . it can't . no . but . this is amazing . 
ben carson gets intel info from iran contra scandal criminal ( later pardoned ) . also , is dumb as a bag of hammers . 
this article is 100% crazy . is this campaign real ? 
rt after china in syria gaffe , carson's foreign policy advisors are turning on him . and on the record , too … 
rt this stunning nyt story about inability to grasp or learn foreign policy should give voters pause … 
icym the times ' takedown of ben carson's foreign policy chops . by his own advisors . on the record . bru👏tal👏 . 

rt this 3-week-old girl is the last known ebola patient in active treatment in the world … 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
“ i know it’s pathetic , but this was one of the things that allowed me to try to keep some hope , ” he said . 
escaping the bataclan with a bloodied drumstick — via 

despite the political challenges , fixing social security is rather simple : take more money in , send less money out … 
we’re living longer . that’s great , except for social security . 
not sexy , but can't be ignored in any election cycle . 
we're living longer . that's great , except for social security . 
we’re living longer . that’s great , except for via 
social security tinkering to make it work for our grandkids . 
by the numbers : we’re longer . that’s great , except for 
very clear take on security from via 

studies find declines in screening and early detection of prostate cancer - 
" early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening " 
rt early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening 
early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening a close fam member just diagnosed w late stage . get tested 
declining rates from less due to caution - still screen young healthy men . 
rt -decline in screening and detection of prostate ca -cms to penalize docs for psa screening https://… 
on the challenges of following medical guidelines - prostate cancer edition 
rt studies find declines in screening and early detection of via - 
early cancer cases fall along with screening 
rt fewer men get screened for prostate cancer , and fewer cases are being found . is this good or bad ? time will tell . https : … 
rt studies find declines in screening and early detection of by v … 
great article in nyt regarding pros and cons of psa screening for prostate cancer . 
top story : studies find declines in screening and early detection of prostate c … see more 
we need smarter screening and more men adopting an anti-cancer lifestyle ( prevention ) fewer men are being ... 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
i love he does a great job rt “ don lemon doesn't get offended ” 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

from ' fighting the good fight ' dept : french defy violent militants by going shopping : dubya approves this message 
french return to cafes in a show of defiance 
“ we’re a little undisciplined . we’re a little irritating . we like to do what we want . that’s the french way ” 
" she is tossed by the waves , but does not sink " people are returning to cafes in 🍷 
french return to cafes as show of defiance parisian's show their strength of character and culture . toast to liberty 
the most typical of parisian scenes — sharing of drinks among friends — became a show of defiance after the terrorist attacks . 

maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the bataclan concert hall 
remember maxime bouffard — via 
points : maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the batac … 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan mas … — via 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan massacre 

nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 
nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus via nytimes 
nytimes : nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 

rt facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 
facebook’s french flag photo filter draws criticism 

your tuesday briefing 
start your day with : " your via 
your briefing 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

" bobby jindal quits republican presidential race " 
nytimes : jindal drops bid for the republican nomination one more drops out . who's next ? 
. quits presidential race via na na hey hey kiss him goodbye ! 
a bit more , with on the rise and fall of jindal > 
jindal quits republican presidential race “ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time , ” 12th of never 
gov . bobby jindal of louisiana , a onetime rising republican star whose popularity has plummeted in his own state ,... 
jindal : “ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time . ” 
bobbie jingles away . next ? " a bit more , with on the rise and fall of jindal > " 
god has blessed america ! 
good riddance to bad rajma . 
another one bites the dust ... :d 

our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
rt rt nytimes : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of … 
rt our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
points : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feas … 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 

i love brussels sprouts and these sliders look yummy . 
brussels sprouts sliders 
looking for a side dish or appetizer for the vegetarians at your celebration ? 

love brussels sprouts ? we have an idea for you . 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 

racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 

what century-old photos from the sites of the paris attacks tell us about france's capital 

rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 
the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 
rt quoted in article on isis and their " trilogy of terror " iraq/syria , their wilayats , & now capable cells … 
isis is likely responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria 
rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january 
where isis has directed and inspired attacks around the world via 
paris bloodshed may be the latest of many isis attacks around the world 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , according to his advisers 
ask any nurse about arrogant neurosurgeons . very typical . very dangerous . . 

a return to living . a show of unity . france receives a friendly embrace in england 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
nytimes : a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

" tous au bistrot ! " “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
love this : a rallying cry in paris : everyone to the bar ! via 
good food , wine , friendships , & laughter remind us once again why we do what we do <3 
for my " drink ! " students . a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
“ it will be an act of peaceful resistance ” 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ - the new york times 
one of the many ways that new yorkers and parisians are kindred spirits 
a very act of defiance . — “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : tous au bistrot ~ everyone to the local bar-restaurant ! 
that's the way to do it . " a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar ! " 
i'll drink to that ! 
parisian restaurant owners are calling for a very french act of defiance . tous au bistrot via 
you know the best way to stay alive ? you keep living . rallying call in paris , via 
let's stand in solidarity with these parisians ! get to the bar ! 
" go to a place where you can have a beer , some peanuts , a plate of sausages , anything " 
" “ everyone to the bar ! ” ... ( ... and have a white russian on me ...! ) 

" 2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over security concerns " 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over security concerns - new york times 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
nytimes : anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
a victim's spouse speaks love to hate 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
victim's husband tells terrorists , ' i will not give you the gift of hate ' via thanks 
husband tells “ i will not give you the gift of hate . ” 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

:: end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
top story : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added t … see more 
tweet find : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added … see more 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company 
nyt : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as new york attorney general issues subpoena 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as new york attorney general issues subpoena to company ( nytim … 
basically , it's just dressed up gambling hiding behind a fantasy sports cloak . 
leia no > end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is sa … see more 
ny ag subpoenas $yhoo in witch hunt , thinks playing fantasy sports isn't a victimless crime 
guessing that eric t . schneiderman dfs teams are the reason he's trying to end fantasy sites in new york ; 
end sought to fantasy sites in yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 

rt every person implicated so far in the paris attacks has been a french or belgian citizen . none is a syrian migrant . https :/ … 
finding the links among the paris attackers 
in light of current raid , here's a good snapshot of what's known about the paris attackers 
what we know about the paris attackers see more 
rt most of the paris attackers were home grown , so 
top story : what we know about the paris attackers see more 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : what we know about the paris attackers see more 
anonymous t1m35 : what we know about the paris attackers see more 
so apparently , not a single individual in the paris attack has even been linked w/ refugee status yet : 
topping my tweeted times : what we know about the paris attackers see more 
un groso ! what we know about the paris attackers see more 
top story from ba1 records times : what we know about the paris attackers see more 
finding the links between the paris attackers - new york times 
important to note as many flee horrific conflict in syria : and 
top story : peter beaumont what we know about the paris attackers see more 
know the facts : based on what we know now , none of the attackers were 
interesting ... so this means we just can't allow any french people into the us , right ? 
what we know about the paris attackers via 

( the paris attackers : who were they ? ( 
why would they do this ? painful 2 watch , important 2 know . the attackers the victims : 
who were the attackers in paris ? video . 
rt a snapshot of seven men suspected in the paris attacks . who were they ? by 
who are the paris attackers ? very informative video piece by my colleague 
prevention of radicalism ; possible only through cooperation w/ muslim immigrants paris attackers : who were they ? 

when tv turns itself off 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " … 
when terrorists strike , television networks respond , sometimes sensitively and other times perhaps unnecessarily . 
rt great point by 
when broadcast tv self censors … " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares — communal , cathartic ... " 
should tv networks pull sensitive shows after a tragedy ? : “ we should not be surprised that extremists excoriate p … 
why terrorism-themed episodes shouldn't have been pulled 
amateur : nyt correction : " ... it is ' sex and the city , ' not ' sex in the city . '” 
3 ) " ... that allow us to conceive awful things at a safe remove . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 

what travelers can expect in paris 

france-england game is a friendly in every sense of the word 
" the players had a duty to show the unstoppable tumble that is being alive . " 
friendly steeped in fraternity . all wembley sings “ la marseillaise ” at france-england match . sniff , 
this // normally , the visiting team’s anthem would be played first ; on this night , “ la marseillaise ” was played last 
france-england game was a friendly in every sense of the word 
lovely match report on a " friendly " between france and england 
lovely , lovely match report on france-england " friendly " 
france receives a friendly embrace in england 
thankful for capacity of sport to connect diverse communities & cultures , to unite , & to inspire resilience & hope 
sport at its finest . " a return to living . a show of unity . a friendly . " rt france gets a friendly embrace in england 
it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . 
the exhibition in london , four days after terrorist attacks shook paris , was a game that meant nothing , but on this night , nothing felt like everything . 

thats why i did not change my profile picture as french flag 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality via 
as tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
top story : retweets as social media tributes pop up , so do … see more 
top as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality - th … see more 
my short post on fb's french flag debacle , and how the lebanese flag made it to profile pics without facebook's help 
social media tributes-complaints of inequality - helping all cries have the option to be heard — via 
why did blatantly ignore and do nothing when warned . 

storm system batters colorado and texas 

guinea , last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
rt nubia was born in an ebola unit to a mom who died after giving birth . “ she’s broken all records , this little girl " https … 
last known ebola patient worldwide getting treated is a 3-week old in guinea , which soon could be ebola-free . 
ny times : last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
a 3-week-old girl now recovering could be the final patient in an epidemic that killed more ... 

rt french return to cafes in a show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” … 
rt french return to cafes show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” 

what travelers can expect in 
“ the french need support now more than ever & want to return to normal life . ... not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
message to tourists : “ the french need support now more than ever , & leaving or not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
what can expect in 
here is a rundown on how hotels , airlines and cultural sites are accommodating travelers to paris 
also i wish i could give blood , but as a cancer survivor i believe i'm not allowed .... 
the best thing can do to help is to keep visiting paris and not be scared away . 
here is some helpful advice from the for anyone travelling to 
" the single best thing travelers can do to help is to stay in paris and to keep coming to the country . " 
great article 

ireland holds its first same-sex marriage ceremony 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
rt nytimes : heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
rt nytimes : heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid … 
boingboing : rt nytimes : heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 

cuts staff as site focuses on politics 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ : ... 
drops weird news , four employees : 
politico : gawker media is changing 
my favorite website is 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on < b > politics < /b > a la ' daily show ' 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ' daily show ' 
rt in may 2015 , alleged o’reilly was accused of physically assaulting his ex-wife maureen m … 
breaking : will have massive lay offs . 
is changing its focus 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ 
gawker to retool as politics site : a site that pioneered the knowing and snarky tone th ... 
in a stunning change , gossipy will become a focused on politics : … 
site closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics | deadline 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily … [ via 
from gossip to politics : will be the first of many or the last ? 
gawker to become politics site in broad restructuring : which has focused primarily on t ... 
gawker to focus on political news , not gossip : gawker media said it would reorient its flagship site to focus o ... 
will be moving away from covering news ... 
cuts staff as site focuses on < b > politics < /b > 
rt gawker media plans to shift the focus of its flagship site to politics 
shakeup at gawker signals a return to focus : in a series of changes at gawker media , is ... 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho ranch owner's fatal encounter with deputies 
idaho deputies fatally shot a local man and his small western town seeks his justice 
family of man by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man's fatal encounter with deputies - new york times 
family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it … 
family of man killed by deputies in says it was murder : jack yantis went to the scene of a crash involving ... 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck , and why via 

rt after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via 
after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via nytopinion 
" after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via " = f 

the eiffel tower is closed again 
eiffel tower is closed once again - new york times 
it has been confirmed that the eiffel tower is closed due to a bomb threat 
eiffel tower is closed once again — via nytimesworld 
updates on paris . 
" responding to hatred with anger would be to fall to the same ignorance that made you the people you are . " a . leiris 

new york times interactive thanksgiving menu planner 🦃 
looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative recipes a try ! 
getting lost in this thanksgiving meal planner feature . everything looks so good . ( maybe b/c it's dinner time rn ) 
our menu planner will help you craft the best thanksgiving for everyone at your table . 
thanksgiving recipes - nyt cooking 
build your go big or go home , i say : thanksgiving recipes 
how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . 
what are your upcoming thanksgiving plans ? will you be traveling or will travelers be visiting you in long beach ?... 
some people dread the harriedness of holidays . but i love spending hours pouring over magazine spreads of old ... 
you must take a look - it is interactive and so much fun ! ready ... steady ... go and plan that thanksgiving menu ! 
making this day great : the happier podcast and madness 
rt rt academykierland looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creati … 
rt rt azdavidcreed looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative … 
" thanksgiving for all " ->> sept . vogue , on newsstands near you . ( or online : ) 
getting ready for thanks to 
rt how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . https … 
hint . for all those who have invited me for t-day , please check out the menu & recipes . look forward to sharing ... 
how to make turkey + all the fixings ! ht 
can't wait to host next year in my home ! 
rt kateconewrites thanksgiving central great post samsifton had me laughing & crying 
thanksgiving central great post had me laughing & crying 
no more welcoming , inclusive holiday on the american calendar than thanksgiving . therefore let us keep the feast . 
love it 
! rt these recipes are amazing ! thanksgiving beyond wildest dreams from et al 

manhattan psychic admits taking over $550000 from lovelorn client - new york times 
manhattan psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client - - 
you just can't make this shit up . $ 550,000 for psychic to raise the dead 
love is wasted on the young , money on the rich . 
how stupid can people be ? $us550 , ooo ! 

your date/model . let's go somewhere exotic & try new things . book ... 
where isis claims it has struck , and why 
very useful timeline from nytimes . 
top story : retweets where isis claims it has struck , and wh … see more 
where claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck since october 3 , and why 
russell goldman and karen yourish teaching things mum can't . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 

finding the links among the paris attackers 
rt finding the links among the paris attackers 

“ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race 
rt nytimes : “ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race … 

rt house speaker paul ryan calls 4 halting syrian refugee program . it's now officially on the republican platform … 
republicans call for halt to syrian ... | 
paul ryan calls for halt to syrian refugee program 
republicans call for halt to human program - new york times 
also tuesday , two senators announced a push for a formal authorization of military force agains .. 
us house pressures obama to kill refugee plan 
“ our nation has always been welcoming , but we cannot allow terrorists to take advantage of our compassion . " 

the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 

is changing its focus 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat — via 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover - new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat - new york times 
soccer - soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat - new york times 
it seems to have been a harmless package & some sort of threat 
web dsign 
seo website builder soccer stadiu ... 
police have found an ambulance packed with explosives outside soccer match in 
this is getting way too close . i work in this city and spend most of my days there . it's crazy .... 
hannover hannover stadium hosting germany-netherlands game evacuated ; game cancelled - richmond 😗😣 

a rallying cry in paris : " everyone to the bar ! " 
a rallying cry in paris : “ everyone to the bar ! ” 

rt the united nations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 
rt the unitednations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats … 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins — via 
lovers of live music , travelers to & co-runners of the family italian joint ; the 2 cousins at 

" they might have guns , but we have flowers " 
one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers . via 
some of us help . some bring flowers . some can't help but bring their fear . talking paris w/ kids 
rt i wasn't going to write " talking paris with kids " until i saw how beautifully this dad handled it : … 
" ... nous avons des fleurs " one on they might have guns , but we have via 
look for the helpers , appreciate the flowers , and don’t let fear stop you . via 
love vs hate-this parent chose love . filipinos did it first on 1986 . 

cease-fire and a political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , john kerry says . 
cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - - 
cease-fire and a political transition in crucial to defeating says . 
visiting france , kerry vows ' greater pressure ' on isis 
cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating says 
visiting france , kerry vows ‘ greater pressure ’ on isis 
sec . kerry states there will be more pressure on isis , from the world community 
. urges ceasefire - cease-fire & political transition in crucial to defeating kerry says 
yes , but what of pol future of irq ? " kerry : ceasefire & political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis " 
kerry says a cease-fire & political transition in syria crucial to defeat isis 
and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - new york times 
when love to come . cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating is ... 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
if you were wondering about lsu grad he sees himself more as a malcolm not martin 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

call to arms in amid hunt for suspects 
call to arms in france amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
rt belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack 
raid brussels area in search for terror suspect 
french version of usa patriot act “ … called on monday for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists . " 
the world salutes the french victims but nothing on the russian victims of the plane : double standard ... 
rt next you'll tell me this man isn't really belgian https : … 
rt it is critical that " war " on does not subvert democracy or become a crusade against muslims . … 
paris attacks plotted by belgian who fought for isis , french officials say 
so this sounds like the setup to something like l'acte de patriote 
nyt : president hollande calls for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists at home , 
belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack , official says 
on-the-run paris suspect salah abdeslam was stopped by the french police on saturday but was let go when his paper … 
hacker news - french president hollande seeks to amend constitution 
hollande seeks new legislation that would create more flexibility for combating 
" our democracy has prevailed over much more formidable opponents than these cowardly assassins , " mr. hollande ,... 
call to arms in amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspect in 
rt president hollande vows revocation of french citizenship for dual nationals convicted of terrorism http … 
abaaoud was already a suspect in a failed jan plot in belgium & aug plot 2 shoot passengers on paris-brussels train 
the mastermind leader of the paris attack was not syrian or middle eastern but belgian ! 
holland calls 4 new powers after paris attacks lets show isis whos boss by giving up our rights 
d'you suppose hollande will call it the " patriot act " , too ? " mr. hollande called for quick action by parliament ... 
rt if we continue to follow us & france foreign policy to absurdity , they should be bombing raqqa , brussels & chartres . ht … 
" france is at war . " -- president hollande . 
" terrorism will not destroy the republic , because it is the republic that will destroy it . " dat juxtaposition doe . 
french government turns up the heat on isis . what are the " exceptional " measures here ? civil liberties in trouble ? 
thoughts ? 
fr pres calls for const amendments that would give the gov flexibility to conduct raids without a warrant 
president hollande , what you are requesting is a slippery slope sir . 
hollande calls for new powers to ‘ eradicate ’ isis after paris attacks 
hollande calls for constitutional amendments to enable fight against terror . 
since when is changing the constitution to enable a police state not giving in to terror ? nyt-call to arms in france 
call to arms in france amid manhunt hollande seeks to amend constitution 
policing in america changed forever after 9/11 . the legislation france seeks for greater surveillance is frightening 
if getting to know incoming refugees was the solution , then it stands to reason that one's refugee family members ... 
police raids in france and belgium seek paris attack suspects 

after paris , who passes the ‘ commander in chief test’ ? 
leaving the democratic party after this election . fed up . 
social event stops : after area , who passes the ' physical object in chief problem solving' ? 
we may not want to politicize tragedies , but tragedies have political outcomes all the same . 

germany-netherlands match canceled over security concerns 
germany-netherlands soccer match canceled over security concerns 
germany cancels soccer match with netherlands 
ah nevermind , seems like it was just a " suspicious object " twitter messing with us . 
germany-netherlands match canceled , evidence of plans to detonate an explosive device in the stadium : 
germany cancels match with the netherlands over security concerns - - 
police chief says there was serious threat to city and stadium , including plan for explosion . 

photos of the day 
rt photos of the day 
top story : pictures of the day : france and elsewhere - people gazed at bullet h … see more 
a migrant boy with a thermal blanket on the shore of the greek island of lesbos 
rt beautiful ender in today's pictures of the day slideshow 
rt women worshiped the setting sun while celebrating a hindu festival in mumbai . more photos https :/ … 
i've always been a sucker for beautiful photos of the day 
photos of the day via 
the new york times photos of the day 

call to arms in amid hunt for suspects 
heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
- heavy erupts as seek suspects in 
dawn shootout in st. denis . 
french police storm a northern suburb of paris in search of suspect's involved in friday's attacks 
second suspect is sought in paris attacks 
belgian suspect in paris had been target of strikes on isis in syria 
paris attacks suspect was target of strikes on isis in syria 
belgian suspect in was target of airstrikes on in 
second suspect sought in paris attacks 
french hunt new suspects in paris attacks 
vist- suspect is sought in paris attacks - new york times 
rt france launches new airstrikes on isis in syria /nyt 

sheds reputation as an easy mark for hackers 
every time i see mentioned in media , i think of your great pr work of 15 years ago . 
microsoft's u-turn on safety 
once infested with security flaws , does an about-face 
rt nytimes : microsoft , once infested with security flaws , does an about-face 
once the black sheep when it came to microsoft has worked hard to correct course : via 
explains why i'm still working there and more excited than ever under our new management - 
rt once infested with security flaws , does an about-face 
you can’t say i’m serious about security without exercising the regimen of keeping security top of mind every second 
once infested with flaws , does an about-face 
has been far better in responding to hackers and scammers in my experience , than or 
rt microsoft & security in today's world -- piece by 
microsoft’s chief executive satya nadella spoke on tuesday about how microsoft confronts security threats . 
our client increasing security , supporting security-related initiatives & hiring security employees read : 
once infested with does an about-face 
microsoft's security about-face happened 5+ years ago , but at least they are getting credit now for that work . 

rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 
nytimes : abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 

rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . 
pray for paris 

in which antonin scalia demonstrates he can't distinguish between consenting adults and pedophiles : 
are you really going to compare it to pedophiles ? justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights via 
please file under “ headlines i wish i could unsee ” - 
realizing that people like these have doctorate degrees from harvard & yale proves education means nothing 
child abusers and pederasts hurt people . way to make analogies that don't work , scalia . via 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections 
" ... mmmmm don't look at me , but , as i've said , it's unnatural ... and ... perverted also . " 
it's never nice to wish for someone's death , but it'll be so sweet when this fucker finally croaks 
so scalia can't distinguish between groups like black , gays or women and groups like child abusers and pederasts 
it's 2015 . stop comparing lgbt people to criminals & pedophiles . even for scalia this hate is beyond the pale . 
ignoring the history of civil rights , scalia equates laws protecting my marriage to laws protecting child molesters . 
antonin scalia questions protections afforded to people ; says same logic could apply to child molesters . 
u.s. supreme ct justice scalia compares protecting people to protecting child molesters 
this language from scalia is irresponsible and hateful . i get you having a moral issue but supporting hate ... 
justice scalia reveals again that be doesn't seem to understand much of anything by comparing gays to child ... 
breaking : justice scalia is skeptical of carolene products footnote 4 . 
rt god bless justice scalia for presenting his anti-gay views in the most unattractive and unconvincing way possible . https :/ … 
uncharacteristic representation on nyt's part . scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
justice scalia is a sad , reprehensible , impotent man ; likens lgbtq+ protections to child molesters . via 
in news from the late 1700s : scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections :: via 
i used to think scalia had a great legal mind that i disagreed with . but really , he's just a smug asshole . 
rt justice scalia is not only an asshole , but one totally unaware of the world he lives in - 
fuck you - comparing legal protections of people to 
" you guys " being the comment section of free republic . | " i write the dissents for you guys " 
justice scalia equates rights to child molesters , can't trust this guy for giving people a fair hearing 
scalia sarcastically says lgbt protections could apply to child abusers , another " deserving minority . " 
scalia comparing gay rights protections to protecting child molesters . give me a break . via 
justice (?) antonin compares gays to child molesters 
more right-wing poison : ... 
. foremost in his life is his catholicism . he brings it to work w/him every day . 
" scalia expressed frustration with how little debate goes on when the justices meet in private to discuss and vote . " 
sometimes i can't tell if scalia is channeling trump or the other way around . 
rt this is what's at stake next november , kids : replacing reactionary dinosaurs like scalia on the court … 

paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syrian refugees into the u.s. 
mohandesdean : rt nytimes : paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syria … 

reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect — via 

rt don lemon said this . i'm just going to leave this here . 
don lemon doesn’t get offended 
" the best way to improve yourself is to improve yourself . " 
rt “ don lemon said this . im just going to leave this here ” ht … 
" i'd probably be a writer like james baldwin . " 
horrified or amused this is a great read . brava don lemon doesn’t get offended 
rt for those looking for the link : 
my comment on doesn’t get offended via 
don lemon thinks he could be jesus christ q : that sound you hear when don lemon talking ? a : 

mourners reflected in the bullet-pierced glass of le carillon in paris on tuesday 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 

how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia 

storm system batters colorado and texas - - 
same storm blocked both co residents in the snow and brought tornadoes to tx tuesday 

" after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via " 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via nytopinion 

an african king in 
how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia via 
a simple , humble african king in bolivia 
new article in nytimes about the afro-bolivian king , julio pinedo ... 
just across from the touristic village of coroico , lives one of the remaining african kings !... 
rt jamesestrin : a simple , humble african king in bolivia nytimesphoto 
an african king and his wife , queen angelica , work in a small grocery store on the ground floor of their house in ... 
rt an african king in 
amazing story about african heritage in latin america : an africa king in bolivia 

what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis 

photos of the day 
rt photos of the day 
i've always been a sucker for beautiful photos of the day 
photos of the day via 
the new york times photos of the day 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 

gawker to retool as ' politics site ' ... - 
rt as gawker and its " journalists " enter their death spiral , we can only hope they take jezebel with them . … 
gawker to retool as politics site - new york times 
rt huh ? gawker has now officially lost its way . gawker is said to retool as politics site via 
top story : gawker to retool as politics site see more 
wait io9 is shutting down ? or am i missing something ? 
rt sources : gawker to become politics site , about 10 people to lose jobs in gawker media revamp https : … 
shock horror : gawker is going political , jezebel to be a celeb gossip site . 
follow the money 
mt : to as 
rt gawker , but for politics ? will never work . 
heather dietrick is killing the " clothes to evade the predator with " game rn 
leftist political site to " retool " as leftist political site : 
sorry to see go . mixed emotions about it being absorbed by 
what ?!? is this true ? gawker is retooling to focus on politics , exclusively ? 
new york times - usa - gawker to retool as a politics site - 
gawker is pivoting to politics . yeah ok .... good luck with that guys . 
huh ? gawker has now officially lost its way . gawker is said to retool as politics site via thanks 

rt a look at the altered images , bogus tweets and odd theories that spread across the internet after the paris attacks https : … 
paris attacks give rise to misinfo 
paris attacks give rise to fakes and misinformation 
" people will share anything online in order to share something online . " - 
read when terror strikes , count on new york times spending its resources debunking and not investigating conspiracy . 
this is undeniably true that on the internet , there is always something surprises you yet it's fake . 
give rise to fakes and misinformation via 
give rise to and | via by 
fascinating read about misinformation in the aftermath of tragedies . 
paris attacks give rise to fakes & | by 
a terrible part about the tragedies : people spreading harmful misinformation about the attacks , about innocents . 
please stop re-posting things you see on fb without checking them first . even the most benign posts can be ... 
rt " crisis actors , " altered photos and fake tweets . beware of bogus paris attack stories : 
are you an amateur sleuth , a brilliant conspiracy theorist or simply spreading dangerous and misleading b*llsh*t ? 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 
charlie sheen : i paid blackmailers $10 million to keep quiet about my hiv . 
" “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen in an interview with matt lauer " 

after paris attacks , vilifying refugees 
rt after attacks , the rush to vilify @ new york times editorial 
" confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable " 
isn't america in a catch 22 ? it must be a conundrum to argue for or agst battening down the hatches to stop terror . 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " important editorial : 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " timely editorial on opening up to refugees . https :/ … 
the nyt vilifying gop common sense , as usual 
“ slamming the door in their faces would be a betrayal of our values . " pres . obama is right . rt 
hooray for the refugees are fleeing terrorism and vilifying them is repugnant 
rt we must have the moral courage to open our arms . via 
rt nyt editorial board hits the mark : vilifying refugees after paris unacceptable 
rt some refreshingly blunt words from editorial . 
rt post paris attacks , vilifying refugees editorial board : jeb's " idiotic " , pbo g20 response " just righ … 
" confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " and yes , it is that simple . 
after " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " 
" confusing refugees w/ terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
rt nyt : shutting out is an " impulsive & politically expedient response " 2 the & its wrong http … 
“ many of these refugees are the victims of terrorism ... slamming the door would be a betrayal of our values . ” -potus 
to overcome we must overcome fear of & closing the door is not the answer . 

rt if you agree : refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 
international relations stories u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned … see more 
u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats ’ 
" many are fleeing extremism and terrorism – from the very people associated with the paris attacks . " 
it breaks my heart that the even has to make this statement : " refugees should not be scapegoats , " via 
live coverage | un agency says refugees should not be turned into ' scapegoats ' - new york times 
refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats’! unhcr statement says it all : 

well : eye twitches 
what causes eye twitches ? via 
an answer to a common question ! 
a reader asks , what causes eye twitches ? 
what causes the eye to twitch ? via 
why is my eye twitching ? via 
choice tidbit like our facebook page ... it's an education ! 
i have always wondered about this ... 

strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results 
french airstrikes on raqqa in syria , very little tangible results : nyt -- anyone surprised ? 
results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” 
the barrage of french airstrikes didn't kill civilians , mostly hit empty buildings . 
strikes on in lead to more questions than results 
strikes on in syria lead to more questions than results cf 
an unnecessarily thoughtful look at france's decisive action in syria , which was not preceded by dithering & excuses 
rt results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” - 30 hit mainly outskirts … 
as opose to zero for french 
cause ya know , it would be kinda awkward arming and bombing them simultaneously 
strikes on raqqa in lead to more questions than results 
top story : retweets strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more … see more 
results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned locations . ” - 30 hit mainly outskirts 

charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep it secret 
rt we hope . announcement finally quiets tabloids . should not be stigmatized ! 
rt he felt like he needed to keep it a secret . we can end stigma together ! 
rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 
actor charlie sheen has confirmed that he is hiv positive : 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret 
rt charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep his diagnosis secret 
the reputation doctor® comments on in 
rt who's to blame for outing charlie sheen and his hiv secret : media , ' mates ' or both ? new york times https://… 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
points : he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert ha … 

envisioning how global powers can smash 
good analysis of core problems ( stupid hulk smash headline aside ) . 
an absolute must-read on a1 tomorrow about where isis came from , what it wants , and how to destroy it : 
goverments must stop talking and start acting . that's the solution ! 
difficult problems require hard decisions . " how global powers can smash isis ? " 
good piece worth reading . only force and reform can beat isis , experts say new york times 
top story : retweets envisioning how global powers can smash … see more 
rt you know it's been a long week when the new york times has stopped capitalizing sentences . … 

rt two of ben carson's top advisers say he's struggling to grasp foreign policy 
we can't be experts in everything . i can't perform brain surgery , but i wouldn't attempt it . 

first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
top story : retweets first same-sex marriage ceremony held i … see more 
first marriage held in 
marriage dreams coming true on the 
voters approved - here is the 1st ceremony . 
rt first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
first same-sex marriage in ireland today ! 
douglas dalby teaching things mum can't . 
lots of things are terrible , but this is not . the first same-sex marriage in ireland : 
first same-sex marriage ceremony in ireland 
[ josh and skinner sit down . ] josh , the language doesn't prohibit same-sex marriage . josh of course it does . 

live updates on the terror attacks investigation – via 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of defiance 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of d … — via 
how do folks feel about charlie hebdo's cover ? is it bold ? insensitive ? both ? i want to say both . 
les inrockuptibles , charlie hebdo and others remain defiant against extremism 
ahh i love the french so much . " they have weapons . screw them , we have champagne ! " 
. on the latest charlie hebdo cover , and the message of defiance in french media after 
cover junkie 

rt quote of the day 
rt “ quote of the day ” by 

nyt story about " racism " on a campus includes no examples of students being excluded from academic classes/programs 
on campus : stories from new york times readers 
racism on campus : stories from readers . journalism prof is featured 
" [ faculty and student body are very diverse ... that makes a difference to how minorities feel on campus . " 
shoutout to prof . tom costello . rt : racism on campus : stories from ny times readers 
times readers talk about experiencing racism on their college campuses . add your comments . 
readers were invited to describe encounters with discrimination on campus . dozens shared their stories . 
racism on campus : stories from times readers 
racism on stories from new york times readers quotes ou professor thomas costello 
times readers describe encounters with bigotry and discrimination on college campuses across the united states . 
campus racism : nyt readers stories similar to being called fat , 4-eyes , etc . hurtful , but to call for resignations ? 
racism on campus : " last semester a makeshift noose was hung on my campus at the student center . " 
important , awful stories of racism on campus . 
racism on campus : stories from new york times … 
rt get ready to cringe : collects readers ’ stories of racism on campus 

what will it take to destroy isis ? experts from around the world weigh in . 

belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbeek 
top story : retweets police raid house in troubled brussels … see more 
top police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - the new york t … see more 
police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - new york times 
- police raid house in troubled neighborhood — 
points : belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbe … 

the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
the streetlife of the blocks where the paris attacks took place is resilient : they were as busy 100yrs ago as today 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
100-yr-old postcards of paris terror sites show same streets & storefronts , treasured because so inviting 
" people still go out b/c going out is something that paris invites us to do . " fantastic piece via 
rt wonderful article by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life 
it is good to know after the paris attacks that life will continue as it has for more than a century in the ... 
paris invites you 2 " explore , take wrong turns , fall in love , protest & have a drink in the same places others have " 
" people still go out because going out is something that paris invites us to do . " vintage snaps of the 10e : 
a thoughtful piece on the architecture of paris streets and why senseless acts of terrorism won't change them : 
rue alibert , rue bichat and the bataclan as seen in beautiful vintage postcards via 
top twitter paris story : the uncommon resilience of parisian st … see more 
the uncommon resilience of paris street life , by my friend alex toledano in the 

an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
nyt : an militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
“ we are praying that abdelhamid really is dead , ” his older sister , yasmina , said ... 
chief suspect is an isis militant whose own family wished him dead 
an isis militant from whose own family wanted him dead 
rt " we are praying that abdelhamid really is dead , ” said the sister of paris attack suspect , despised by his own family … 
rt an militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 

charlie hebdo's latest cover offers a message of defiance 

rt fascinatingly indirect way of reporting that man running for president and leading in some polls doesn't know shit . https … 
ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say big difference in doctor and pres … 
is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say carson is being tutored by one who lied to congress ! 
this piece on is so great i want to wrap it up & gift it to all my friends . via 
is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say -- potus must be able to comprehend history & nuances ! 
rt wow . this quote about ben carson is not from a rival campaign , but his own adviser … 
ben carson’s advisers lament his inability to grasp foreign policy . a man who would be president … 
ben carson knows something nobody else does . " white house , denied china had intervened militarily in 
ben carson's own advisor admits he is unable to grasp one iota of foreign policy . 
rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say reports 
ben carson , call your office ( this is amazing ) 
rt this quote from this carson foreign-policy adviser -- wow 
rt “ nobody has been able to sit down with him and have him get one iota of intelligent [ info ] about the middle east . ” https://… 
please spare you want to vote for this guy ?? -> 
understatement of the week : " is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say " : 
rt ben carson's own advisers admit he's clueless on national security . hilarious but true story . 
views don't differ on shape of pyramids they have a point . 
rt apparently , ben carson is immune to understanding the middle east . 
rt somewhere , donald trump has an aide printing this story out on xerox paper , laughing 
rt lost in the shock at this awful ben carson story : his top foreign policy advisor was indicted in iran/contra … 
rt advisers desperately try to brief ben carson on foreign policy . 
rt not a good look when your advisers are giving quotes like these * on * the record : … 
“ nobody has been able to sit down with him and ... get one iota of intelligent information about the middle east . " 
rt the craziest thing about this is many people are gna see it and say “ i like that about him " https :/ … 
rt yikes - carson advisers offer less than flattering assessment of his foreign policy grasp , via … 
carson struggles to grasp foreign policy um ... he knows his mid-east ! psst ! he's onto the hidden the grain ! 
800lb gorilla of wtf : " mr. clarridge ... contacted mr. carson nearly two years ago to offer his services without pay " 
rt " nobody has been able to sit down with him & have him get 1 iota of intelligent information about the middle east . " https :/ … 
rt this was on the record ?!? 
" faced with increasing scrutiny about whether mr. carson , who leads in some republican presidential polls , was ... 
nytimes : carson is struggling on foreign policy , aides say this admission comes from his aides . 
holy fuck , dewey clarridge is advising ben carson . 

rt this 3-week-old girl is the last known ebola patient in active treatment in the world … 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
“ i know it’s pathetic , but this was one of the things that allowed me to try to keep some hope , ” he said . 
escaping the bataclan with a bloodied drumstick — via 

despite the political challenges , fixing social security is rather simple : take more money in , send less money out … 
we’re living longer . that’s great , except for social security . 
not sexy , but can't be ignored in any election cycle . 
we're living longer . that's great , except for social security . 
we’re living longer . that’s great , except for via 
social security tinkering to make it work for our grandkids . 
by the numbers : we’re longer . that’s great , except for 
very clear take on security from via 

" early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening " 
studies find declines in screening and early detection of prostate cancer 
declining rates from less due to caution - still screen young healthy men . 
rt -decline in screening and detection of prostate ca -cms to penalize docs for psa screening https://… 
on the challenges of following medical guidelines - prostate cancer edition 
rt studies find declines in screening and early detection of via - 
early cancer cases fall along with screening 
rt fewer men get screened for prostate cancer , and fewer cases are being found . is this good or bad ? time will tell . https : … 
rt studies find declines in screening and early detection of by v … 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
i love he does a great job rt “ don lemon doesn't get offended ” 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

:: french return to cafes in a show of defiance 
french crowd cafes to defy terror with a sip of wine 
rarely have espresso & cabernet meant so much . 
from ' fighting the good fight ' dept : french defy violent militants by going shopping : dubya approves this message 
“ we’re a little undisciplined . we’re a little irritating . we like to do what we want . that’s the french way ” 
" she is tossed by the waves , but does not sink " people are returning to cafes in 🍷 
french return to cafes as show of defiance parisian's show their strength of character and culture . toast to liberty 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

senate blocks regs . again . hey , backwards old men : ignoring a problem won't make it go away . via 
senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
nature says : senate blocks obama’s climate change rules see more 
rt senate blocks obama’s climate change rules : nyt evil anti-science haters … 
rt zero effect at paris - not only veto ; other countries already understand-senate blocks obama’s climate change rules https://… 
senate votes to block obama's climate change rules - new york times : 
top story : senate blocks obama’s climate change rules see more 
rt apropos of my post yesterday about a few gop senators who are apparently environmentally conscious : … 
senate votes to block obama’s climate change rules 
bashing can't do cost-benefit analysis , vote to block power plant rules 
the senate blocks president obama’s climate change rules . 
is reporting regulations blocked . 
" senate voted to block president obama’s climate change regulations , hoping to undermine his negotiating authority . " 
senate votes to block presidential climate change action 
votes to block rules 
vows to destroy the planet . 
senate votes to block obama’s new climate change regulations 
the resolution would stop an effort to cut carbon emissions from coal-fired power plants and might make it harder for mr. obama to negotiate a climate change accord in paris in two weeks . 

maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the bataclan concert hall 
remember maxime bouffard — via 
points : maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the batac … 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan mas … — via 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan massacre 

paris : updates on the terror attacks investigation 
live updates from france : 
at least 3 of the paris attackers were french citizens : more updates : 
rt we are providing unlimited access to our website and mobile apps for coverage of paris attacks . follow live updates : http … 
rt eagles of death metal said to cancel rest of european tour 
the latest on the 
none are religious acts . who hired these thugs ? who promises heaven for hired thugs ? 
rt president hollande has called for 3 days of national mourning in france . 
rt live updates from france : 
rt . helps debunk some social media rumors around the 
rt sweeping security powers just approved for paris region in a midnight cabinet session . … 
well then .. " at least 3 of the paris attackers were french citizens : more updates : " 
. coverage of the is very up-to-date and informative . 
attacks in central paris : live updates 
beirut , also the site of deadly attacks , feels forgotten - the new york times 
belgium home affairs minister admits gov does not “ have control of the situation in molenbeek . " no-go zone , no doubt 
rt ‘ i started screaming : they are shooting at people ’ 
what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis 

nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 
nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus via nytimes 
nytimes : nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 

facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 
facebook’s french flag photo filter draws criticism 

your tuesday briefing 
start your day with : " your via 
your briefing 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

bobby jindal quits republican presidential race 
rt days before the vitter-edwards vote , jindal drops out 
a bit more , with on the rise and fall of jindal > 
nytimes : jindal drops bid for the republican nomination one more drops out . who's next ? 
. quits presidential race via na na hey hey kiss him goodbye ! 
jindal quits republican presidential race “ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time , ” 12th of never 
gov . bobby jindal of louisiana , a onetime rising republican star whose popularity has plummeted in his own state ,... 
jindal : “ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time . ” 
bobbie jingles away . next ? " a bit more , with on the rise and fall of jindal > " 
god has blessed america ! 
good riddance to bad rajma . 
another one bites the dust ... :d 

our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
rt rt nytimes : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of … 
rt our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
points : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feas … 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 

i love brussels sprouts and these sliders look yummy . 
brussels sprouts sliders 
looking for a side dish or appetizer for the vegetarians at your celebration ? 

love brussels sprouts ? we have an idea for you . 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 

racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 

what century-old photos from the sites of the paris attacks tell us about france's capital 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january 
rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 
the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 
rt quoted in article on isis and their " trilogy of terror " iraq/syria , their wilayats , & now capable cells … 
isis is likely responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria 
where isis has directed and inspired attacks around the world via 
paris bloodshed may be the latest of many isis attacks around the world 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , according to his advisers 
ask any nurse about arrogant neurosurgeons . very typical . very dangerous . . 

a return to living . a show of unity . france receives a friendly embrace in england 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

" tous au bistrot ! " “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
love this : a rallying cry in paris : everyone to the bar ! via 
good food , wine , friendships , & laughter remind us once again why we do what we do <3 
for my " drink ! " students . a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
“ it will be an act of peaceful resistance ” 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ - the new york times 
one of the many ways that new yorkers and parisians are kindred spirits 
a very act of defiance . — “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : tous au bistrot ~ everyone to the local bar-restaurant ! 
that's the way to do it . " a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar ! " 
i'll drink to that ! 
parisian restaurant owners are calling for a very french act of defiance . tous au bistrot via 
you know the best way to stay alive ? you keep living . rallying call in paris , via 
let's stand in solidarity with these parisians ! get to the bar ! 
" go to a place where you can have a beer , some peanuts , a plate of sausages , anything " 
" “ everyone to the bar ! ” ... ( ... and have a white russian on me ...! ) 

2 flights to paris from the us diverted over security concerns - new york times 
leia no > 2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over secur … see more 
" 2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over security concerns " 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
nytimes : anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
victim’s husband tells terrorists , ‘ i will not give you the gift of hate ’ via 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
a victim's spouse speaks love to hate 
victim's husband tells terrorists , ' i will not give you the gift of hate ' via thanks 
husband tells “ i will not give you the gift of hate . ” 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company 
:: end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
top story : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added t … see more 
ny state ag's expands investigation into fantasy sports as nothing more than " rebranded sports betting " 
tweet find : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added … see more 
nyt : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as new york attorney general issues subpoena 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as new york attorney general issues subpoena to company ( nytim … 
basically , it's just dressed up gambling hiding behind a fantasy sports cloak . 
leia no > end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is sa … see more 
ny ag subpoenas $yhoo in witch hunt , thinks playing fantasy sports isn't a victimless crime 
guessing that eric t . schneiderman dfs teams are the reason he's trying to end fantasy sites in new york ; 
end sought to fantasy sites in yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 

rt every person implicated so far in the paris attacks has been a french or belgian citizen . none is a syrian migrant . https :/ … 
what we know about the paris attackers via 
finding the links among the paris attackers 
top story : what we know about the paris attackers see more 
what we know abdelhamid abaaoud 
in light of current raid , here's a good snapshot of what's known about the paris attackers 
[ popular now ] what we know about the paris attackers see more 
rt most of the paris attackers were home grown , so 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : what we know about the paris attackers see more 
anonymous t1m35 : what we know about the paris attackers see more 
so apparently , not a single individual in the paris attack has even been linked w/ refugee status yet : 
topping my tweeted times : what we know about the paris attackers see more 
un groso ! what we know about the paris attackers see more 
top story from ba1 records times : what we know about the paris attackers see more 
finding the links between the paris attackers - new york times 

( the paris attackers : who were they ? ( 
why would they do this ? painful 2 watch , important 2 know . the attackers the victims : 
who were the attackers in paris ? video . 
rt a snapshot of seven men suspected in the paris attacks . who were they ? by 
who are the paris attackers ? very informative video piece by my colleague 
prevention of radicalism ; possible only through cooperation w/ muslim immigrants paris attackers : who were they ? 

when tv turns itself off 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " … 
when terrorists strike , television networks respond , sometimes sensitively and other times perhaps unnecessarily . 
rt great point by 
when broadcast tv self censors … " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares — communal , cathartic ... " 
should tv networks pull sensitive shows after a tragedy ? : “ we should not be surprised that extremists excoriate p … 
why terrorism-themed episodes shouldn't have been pulled 
amateur : nyt correction : " ... it is ' sex and the city , ' not ' sex in the city . '” 
3 ) " ... that allow us to conceive awful things at a safe remove . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 

what travelers can expect in paris 

france-england game is a friendly in every sense of the word 
sometimes a friendly is just that . on england-france , which meant nothing but felt like everything . 
" the players had a duty to show the unstoppable tumble that is being alive . " 
friendly steeped in fraternity . all wembley sings “ la marseillaise ” at france-england match . sniff , 
this // normally , the visiting team’s anthem would be played first ; on this night , “ la marseillaise ” was played last 
france-england game was a friendly in every sense of the word 
lovely match report on a " friendly " between france and england 
lovely , lovely match report on france-england " friendly " 
france receives a friendly embrace in england 
thankful for capacity of sport to connect diverse communities & cultures , to unite , & to inspire resilience & hope 
sport at its finest . " a return to living . a show of unity . a friendly . " rt france gets a friendly embrace in england 

thats why i did not change my profile picture as french flag 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality via 
as tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
top story : retweets as social media tributes pop up , so do … see more 
top as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality - th … see more 
my short post on fb's french flag debacle , and how the lebanese flag made it to profile pics without facebook's help 
social media tributes-complaints of inequality - helping all cries have the option to be heard — via 
why did blatantly ignore and do nothing when warned . 

storm system batters colorado and texas 

guinea , last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
rt nubia was born in an ebola unit to a mom who died after giving birth . “ she’s broken all records , this little girl " https … 
last known ebola patient worldwide getting treated is a 3-week old in guinea , which soon could be ebola-free . 
ny times : last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
a 3-week-old girl now recovering could be the final patient in an epidemic that killed more ... 

rt french return to cafes in a show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” … 
rt french return to cafes show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” 

what travelers can expect in 
“ the french need support now more than ever & want to return to normal life . ... not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
message to tourists : “ the french need support now more than ever , & leaving or not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
what can expect in 
here is a rundown on how hotels , airlines and cultural sites are accommodating travelers to paris 
also i wish i could give blood , but as a cancer survivor i believe i'm not allowed .... 
the best thing can do to help is to keep visiting paris and not be scared away . 
here is some helpful advice from the for anyone travelling to 
" the single best thing travelers can do to help is to stay in paris and to keep coming to the country . " 
great article 

ireland holds its first same-sex marriage ceremony 

marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
y esto es lo peligroso " le pen’s anti-islam speech gains influence in france " 
de lo peor ... marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france via nytimes 
nytimes : marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
marine message is gaining influence in 

rt heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
nytimesworld : rt nytimes : heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
rt nytimes : heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid … 
boingboing : rt nytimes : heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 

gawker is said to retool as politics site - a site that pioneered the knowing , irrever ... 
drops weird news , four employees : 
new york times gawker to retool as politics site new york times a site that pioneered the … 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ 
cuts staff as site focuses on politics 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ : ... 
politico : gawker media is changing 
my favorite website is 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on < b > politics < /b > a la ' daily show ' 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ' daily show ' 
rt in may 2015 , alleged o’reilly was accused of physically assaulting his ex-wife maureen m … 
breaking : will have massive lay offs . 
is changing its focus 
gawker to retool as politics site : a site that pioneered the knowing and snarky tone th ... 
in a stunning change , gossipy will become a focused on politics : … 
site closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics | deadline 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily … [ via 
from gossip to politics : will be the first of many or the last ? 
gawker to become politics site in broad restructuring : which has focused primarily on t ... 
gawker to focus on political news , not gossip : gawker media said it would reorient its flagship site to focus o ... 
will be moving away from covering news ... 
cuts staff as site focuses on < b > politics < /b > 
rt gawker media plans to shift the focus of its flagship site to politics 
shakeup at gawker signals a return to focus : in a series of changes at gawker media , is ... 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho ranch owner's fatal encounter with deputies 
idaho deputies fatally shot a local man and his small western town seeks his justice 
family of man by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man's fatal encounter with deputies - new york times 
family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it … 
family of man killed by deputies in says it was murder : jack yantis went to the scene of a crash involving ... 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck , and why via 

rt after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via 
after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via nytopinion 
" after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via " = f 

the eiffel tower is closed again 
eiffel tower is closed once again - new york times 
it has been confirmed that the eiffel tower is closed due to a bomb threat 
eiffel tower is closed once again — via nytimesworld 
updates on paris . 
" responding to hatred with anger would be to fall to the same ignorance that made you the people you are . " a . leiris 

new york times interactive thanksgiving menu planner 🦃 
looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative recipes a try ! 
getting lost in this thanksgiving meal planner feature . everything looks so good . ( maybe b/c it's dinner time rn ) 
our menu planner will help you craft the best thanksgiving for everyone at your table . 
thanksgiving recipes - nyt cooking 
build your go big or go home , i say : thanksgiving recipes 
how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . 
what are your upcoming thanksgiving plans ? will you be traveling or will travelers be visiting you in long beach ?... 
some people dread the harriedness of holidays . but i love spending hours pouring over magazine spreads of old ... 
you must take a look - it is interactive and so much fun ! ready ... steady ... go and plan that thanksgiving menu ! 
making this day great : the happier podcast and madness 
rt rt academykierland looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creati … 
rt rt azdavidcreed looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative … 
" thanksgiving for all " ->> sept . vogue , on newsstands near you . ( or online : ) 
getting ready for thanks to 
rt how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . https … 
hint . for all those who have invited me for t-day , please check out the menu & recipes . look forward to sharing ... 
how to make turkey + all the fixings ! ht 
can't wait to host next year in my home ! 
rt kateconewrites thanksgiving central great post samsifton had me laughing & crying 
thanksgiving central great post had me laughing & crying 
no more welcoming , inclusive holiday on the american calendar than thanksgiving . therefore let us keep the feast . 
love it 
! rt these recipes are amazing ! thanksgiving beyond wildest dreams from et al 

manhattan psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client - - 
manhattan psychic admits taking over $550000 from lovelorn client - new york times 
you just can't make this shit up . $ 550,000 for psychic to raise the dead 
love is wasted on the young , money on the rich . 
how stupid can people be ? $us550 , ooo ! 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
your date/model . let's go somewhere exotic & try new things . book ... 
very useful timeline from nytimes . 
top story : retweets where isis claims it has struck , and wh … see more 
where claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck since october 3 , and why 
russell goldman and karen yourish teaching things mum can't . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 

finding the links among the paris attackers 
finding the links among the paris attackers via 

“ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race 
rt nytimes : “ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race … 

message gains influence in 
... and this is an understatement , i'm sure 
no , the national front party : 
" this repeated connection — immigration equals islamism & terrorism — is playing powerfully in the minds of voters . " 
marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
the leader of france’s far-right national front party has pushed the main center-right party toward a stronger anti-immigrant stance after friday’s attacks . 

the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 

is changing its focus 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat — via 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover - new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat - new york times 
soccer - soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat - new york times 
it seems to have been a harmless package & some sort of threat 
web dsign 
seo website builder soccer stadiu ... 
police have found an ambulance packed with explosives outside soccer match in 
this is getting way too close . i work in this city and spend most of my days there . it's crazy .... 
hannover hannover stadium hosting germany-netherlands game evacuated ; game cancelled - richmond 😗😣 

a rallying cry in paris : " everyone to the bar ! " 
a rallying cry in paris : “ everyone to the bar ! ” 

rt the united nations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 
rt the unitednations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats … 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins — via 
lovers of live music , travelers to & co-runners of the family italian joint ; the 2 cousins at 

" they might have guns , but we have flowers " 
one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers . via 
some of us help . some bring flowers . some can't help but bring their fear . talking paris w/ kids 
rt i wasn't going to write " talking paris with kids " until i saw how beautifully this dad handled it : … 
" ... nous avons des fleurs " one on they might have guns , but we have via 
look for the helpers , appreciate the flowers , and don’t let fear stop you . via 
love vs hate-this parent chose love . filipinos did it first on 1986 . 

cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - - 
cease-fire and a political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , john kerry says . 
cease-fire and a political transition in crucial to defeating says . 
visiting france , kerry vows ' greater pressure ' on isis 
cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating says 
visiting france , kerry vows ‘ greater pressure ’ on isis 
sec . kerry states there will be more pressure on isis , from the world community 
. urges ceasefire - cease-fire & political transition in crucial to defeating kerry says 
yes , but what of pol future of irq ? " kerry : ceasefire & political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis " 
kerry says a cease-fire & political transition in syria crucial to defeat isis 
and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - new york times 
when love to come . cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating is ... 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
if you were wondering about lsu grad he sees himself more as a malcolm not martin 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

french return to cafes in a show of defiance 
i'll drink to that : french defy terror with a sip of wine . 
" we like to do what we want . that’s the french way . they’ll never kill that " 
rt french return to cafes in a show of defiance 
french crowd cafes to defy terror with a sip of wine 
rarely have espresso & cabernet meant so much . 
from ' fighting the good fight ' dept : french defy violent militants by going shopping : dubya approves this message 
“ we’re a little undisciplined . we’re a little irritating . we like to do what we want . that’s the french way ” 
" she is tossed by the waves , but does not sink " people are returning to cafes in 🍷 
french return to cafes as show of defiance parisian's show their strength of character and culture . toast to liberty 

after paris , who passes the ‘ commander in chief test’ ? 
leaving the democratic party after this election . fed up . 
social event stops : after area , who passes the ' physical object in chief problem solving' ? 
we may not want to politicize tragedies , but tragedies have political outcomes all the same . 

germany-netherlands match canceled over security concerns 
germany-netherlands soccer match canceled over security concerns 
germany cancels soccer match with netherlands 
ah nevermind , seems like it was just a " suspicious object " twitter messing with us . 
germany-netherlands match canceled , evidence of plans to detonate an explosive device in the stadium : 
germany cancels match with the netherlands over security concerns - - 
police chief says there was serious threat to city and stadium , including plan for explosion . 

a migrant boy with a thermal blanket on the shore of the greek island of lesbos 
photos of the day 
rt retweeted the new york times ( photos of the day … 
top story : pictures of the day : france and elsewhere - people gazed at bullet h … see more 
rt beautiful ender in today's pictures of the day slideshow 
rt women worshiped the setting sun while celebrating a hindu festival in mumbai . more photos https :/ … 
i've always been a sucker for beautiful photos of the day 
photos of the day via 
the new york times photos of the day 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
paris attacks suspect was target of strikes on isis in syria 
second suspect is sought in paris attacks 
gunfire erupts as police seek suspects in raid 
web dsign 

sheds reputation as an easy mark for hackers 
once infested with security flaws , does an about-face 
every time i see mentioned in media , i think of your great pr work of 15 years ago . 
microsoft's u-turn on safety 
rt check out the on our security work : " microsoft , once infested with security flaws , does an about-face " … 
rt nytimes : microsoft , once infested with security flaws , does an about-face 
once the black sheep when it came to microsoft has worked hard to correct course : via 
explains why i'm still working there and more excited than ever under our new management - 
rt once infested with security flaws , does an about-face 
you can’t say i’m serious about security without exercising the regimen of keeping security top of mind every second 
once infested with flaws , does an about-face 
has been far better in responding to hackers and scammers in my experience , than or 
rt microsoft & security in today's world -- piece by 
microsoft’s chief executive satya nadella spoke on tuesday about how microsoft confronts security threats . 
our client increasing security , supporting security-related initiatives & hiring security employees read : 
once infested with does an about-face 
microsoft's security about-face happened 5+ years ago , but at least they are getting credit now for that work . 

rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 

rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . … 

question - must remove poor treatment of gays from islam ? what about from christians here ? 
are you really going to compare it to pedophiles ? justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights via 
please file under “ headlines i wish i could unsee ” - 
realizing that people like these have doctorate degrees from harvard & yale proves education means nothing 
child abusers and pederasts hurt people . way to make analogies that don't work , scalia . via 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections 
" ... mmmmm don't look at me , but , as i've said , it's unnatural ... and ... perverted also . " 
it's never nice to wish for someone's death , but it'll be so sweet when this fucker finally croaks 
so scalia can't distinguish between groups like black , gays or women and groups like child abusers and pederasts 
it's 2015 . stop comparing lgbt people to criminals & pedophiles . even for scalia this hate is beyond the pale . 
ignoring the history of civil rights , scalia equates laws protecting my marriage to laws protecting child molesters . 
antonin scalia questions protections afforded to people ; says same logic could apply to child molesters . 
u.s. supreme ct justice scalia compares protecting people to protecting child molesters 
this language from scalia is irresponsible and hateful . i get you having a moral issue but supporting hate ... 
justice scalia reveals again that be doesn't seem to understand much of anything by comparing gays to child ... 
breaking : justice scalia is skeptical of carolene products footnote 4 . 
rt god bless justice scalia for presenting his anti-gay views in the most unattractive and unconvincing way possible . https :/ … 
uncharacteristic representation on nyt's part . scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
justice scalia is a sad , reprehensible , impotent man ; likens lgbtq+ protections to child molesters . via 
in news from the late 1700s : scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections :: via 
i used to think scalia had a great legal mind that i disagreed with . but really , he's just a smug asshole . 
rt justice scalia is not only an asshole , but one totally unaware of the world he lives in - 
fuck you - comparing legal protections of people to 
" you guys " being the comment section of free republic . | " i write the dissents for you guys " 
justice scalia equates rights to child molesters , can't trust this guy for giving people a fair hearing 
scalia sarcastically says lgbt protections could apply to child abusers , another " deserving minority . " 
scalia comparing gay rights protections to protecting child molesters . give me a break . via 
justice (?) antonin compares gays to child molesters 
more right-wing poison : ... 
. foremost in his life is his catholicism . he brings it to work w/him every day . 
" scalia expressed frustration with how little debate goes on when the justices meet in private to discuss and vote . " 
sometimes i can't tell if scalia is channeling trump or the other way around . 
rt this is what's at stake next november , kids : replacing reactionary dinosaurs like scalia on the court … 

paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syrian refugees into the u.s. 
mohandesdean : rt nytimes : paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syria … 

" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " 
on invading learns from howard dean's mistakes 
on invading iraq , bernie answers katie couric with vivid context & clear common sense . true foreign policy prowess ! 
first draft : on invading bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
first draft : on invading iraq , bernie sanders … 
just say no : on invading takes a cue from 2016 
when it comes to iraq , bernie sanders appears to have taken a cue from howard dean 

reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
rt reports of gunfire in suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect — via 

don lemon doesn’t get offended 
rt don lemon said this . i'm just going to leave this here . 
" the best way to improve yourself is to improve yourself . " 
rt “ don lemon said this . im just going to leave this here ” ht … 
" i'd probably be a writer like james baldwin . " 
rt for those looking for the link : 
my comment on doesn’t get offended via 
don lemon thinks he could be jesus christ q : that sound you hear when don lemon talking ? a : 

rt house speaker paul ryan calls 4 halting syrian refugee program . it's now officially on the republican platform … 
republicans call for halt to syrian ... | 
paul ryan calls for halt to syrian refugee program 
republicans call for halt to human program - new york times 
also tuesday , two senators announced a push for a formal authorization of military force agains .. 
us house pressures obama to kill refugee plan 
“ our nation has always been welcoming , but we cannot allow terrorists to take advantage of our compassion . " 

mourners reflected in the bullet-pierced glass of le carillon in paris on tuesday 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 

how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia 

police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attacks 
the paris prosecutor’s office said that the target of raids in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis was ... 
police say target of raids was belgian suspect 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing … 
rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the at … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attac … 
points : police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , th … 

storm system batters colorado and texas - - 
same storm blocked both co residents in the snow and brought tornadoes to tx tuesday 

" after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via " 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via nytopinion 

an african king in 
how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia via 
a simple , humble african king in bolivia 
new article in nytimes about the afro-bolivian king , julio pinedo ... 
just across from the touristic village of coroico , lives one of the remaining african kings !... 
rt jamesestrin : a simple , humble african king in bolivia nytimesphoto 
an african king and his wife , queen angelica , work in a small grocery store on the ground floor of their house in ... 
rt an african king in 
amazing story about african heritage in latin america : an africa king in bolivia 

what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis 

photos of the day 
rt retweeted the new york times ( photos of the day … 
i've always been a sucker for beautiful photos of the day 
photos of the day via 
the new york times photos of the day 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 

gawker to retool as politics site 
gawker is said to retool as politics site 
rt as gawker and its " journalists " enter their death spiral , we can only hope they take jezebel with them . … 
. to retool as site 
certainly plenty of tools there with which to experiment . 
rt gawker is reportedly revamping itself into a politics driven site ok . 
wait io9 is shutting down ? or am i missing something ? 
rt sources : gawker to become politics site , about 10 people to lose jobs in gawker media revamp https : … 
shock horror : gawker is going political , jezebel to be a celeb gossip site . 
follow the money 
rt mt : to as 
rt gawker , but for politics ? will never work . 
heather dietrick is killing the " clothes to evade the predator with " game rn 
leftist political site to " retool " as leftist political site : 
sorry to see go . mixed emotions about it being absorbed by 
what ?!? is this true ? gawker is retooling to focus on politics , exclusively ? 
new york times - usa - gawker to retool as a politics site - 

white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks 
white house affirms refugee plan despite paris attacks 
via nyt > middle east 
the white house affirmed its syrian refugee plan despite the paris attacks 
the obama administration said it was confident that it could weed out any migrants posing a terrorism threat before they entered the country . 

give rise to fakes and misinformation , including mainstream media 
la razón's fake terrorist front page makes it into the new york times : 
paris attacks give rise to fakes and misinformation 
rt a look at the altered images , bogus tweets and odd theories that spread across the internet after the paris attacks https : … 
paris attacks give rise to misinfo 
" people will share anything online in order to share something online . " - 
read when terror strikes , count on new york times spending its resources debunking and not investigating conspiracy . 
this is undeniably true that on the internet , there is always something surprises you yet it's fake . 
give rise to fakes and misinformation via 
give rise to and | via by 
fascinating read about misinformation in the aftermath of tragedies . 
paris attacks give rise to fakes & | by 
a terrible part about the tragedies : people spreading harmful misinformation about the attacks , about innocents . 
please stop re-posting things you see on fb without checking them first . even the most benign posts can be ... 
rt " crisis actors , " altered photos and fake tweets . beware of bogus paris attack stories : 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 
charlie sheen : i paid blackmailers $10 million to keep quiet about my hiv . 
" “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen in an interview with matt lauer " 

after paris attacks , vilifying refugees 
" confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable " 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " timely editorial on opening up to refugees . https :/ … 
rt some refreshingly blunt words from editorial . 
rt after attacks , the rush to vilify @ new york times editorial 
isn't america in a catch 22 ? it must be a conundrum to argue for or agst battening down the hatches to stop terror . 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " important editorial : 
the nyt vilifying gop common sense , as usual 
“ slamming the door in their faces would be a betrayal of our values . " pres . obama is right . rt 
hooray for the refugees are fleeing terrorism and vilifying them is repugnant 
rt we must have the moral courage to open our arms . via 
rt nyt editorial board hits the mark : vilifying refugees after paris unacceptable 
rt post paris attacks , vilifying refugees editorial board : jeb's " idiotic " , pbo g20 response " just righ … 
" confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " and yes , it is that simple . 
after " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " 
" confusing refugees w/ terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
rt nyt : shutting out is an " impulsive & politically expedient response " 2 the & its wrong http … 

a woman in was killed when she detonated an explosive vest during a raid , french officials said . 
rt : : woman killed in raid in paris ; three men captured by special forces . live updates : 
a woman in was killed when she detonated an explosive vest duri … 
a woman in was killed when she detonated an explosive vest during a … 
a woman hiding out in an apartment in st. -denis was killed when she detonated an explosive vest 
how are you always right ? 
nytimesworld : woman killed in raid in paris ; three men captured by special forces . live updates : 
“ woman killed in raid in paris ; three men captured by special forces . live updates : 
woman killed in raid via good enough !!! the breeder is gone . 
retweeted new york times world ( woman killed in raid in paris ; three men captured by special ... 

rt if you agree : refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 
international relations stories u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned … see more 
u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats ’ 
" many are fleeing extremism and terrorism – from the very people associated with the paris attacks . " 
it breaks my heart that the even has to make this statement : " refugees should not be scapegoats , " via 
live coverage | un agency says refugees should not be turned into ' scapegoats ' - new york times 
refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats’! unhcr statement says it all : 

a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials said 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , official … 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials s … 
points : a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled becau … 

well : eye twitches 
what causes eye twitches ? via 
an answer to a common question ! 
a reader asks , what causes eye twitches ? 
what causes the eye to twitch ? via 
why is my eye twitching ? via 
choice tidbit like our facebook page ... it's an education ! 
i have always wondered about this ... 

strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results 
bombing for show ? us , syria , jordan , russia , now france : need revenge on isis ? drop a few bombs on raqqa ! syria 
on how coalition air strikes in are leading to " more questions than results " : 
suggestion that bombing of raqqa is stage revenge . but who is the show for ? 
1 . so if us can give france 10s of short-notice isis targets w/o killing civilians , why weren't they hit before ? 
rt results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” 
strikes on in lead to more questions than results 
2 . and if not , then are they hitting civilians/accepting more risk of that ? or empty land/bldgs , bombing for show ? 
french airstrikes on raqqa in syria , very little tangible results : nyt -- anyone surprised ? 

rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep it secret 
charlie sheen's hiv status : cs says he paid mllions t keep it quiet puzzlng : have we moved on s/ ' 80s ? 
rt we hope . announcement finally quiets tabloids . should not be stigmatized ! 
rt charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep his diagnosis secret 
rt he felt like he needed to keep it a secret . we can end stigma together ! 
actor charlie sheen has confirmed that he is hiv positive : 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret 
the reputation doctor® comments on in 
rt who's to blame for outing charlie sheen and his hiv secret : media , ' mates ' or both ? new york times https://… 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
points : he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert ha … 

an absolute must-read on a1 tomorrow about where isis came from , what it wants , and how to destroy it : 
envisioning how global powers can smash 
the war against islamist extremism is complicated and it needs force and religious reform 
new york times - usa - only force and reform can beat isis experts say - 
envisioning how powers can smash isis - the new york times 
what is to be done about the islamic state ? lucid analysis by 
good analysis of core problems ( stupid hulk smash headline aside ) . 
goverments must stop talking and start acting . that's the solution ! 
difficult problems require hard decisions . " how global powers can smash isis ? " 
good piece worth reading . only force and reform can beat isis , experts say new york times 
top story : retweets envisioning how global powers can smash … see more 

rt two of ben carson's top advisers say he's struggling to grasp foreign policy 
we can't be experts in everything . i can't perform brain surgery , but i wouldn't attempt it . 

first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
top story : retweets first same-sex marriage ceremony held i … see more 
first marriage held in 
marriage dreams coming true on the 
voters approved - here is the 1st ceremony . 
rt first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
first same-sex marriage in ireland today ! 
douglas dalby teaching things mum can't . 
lots of things are terrible , but this is not . the first same-sex marriage in ireland : 
first same-sex marriage ceremony in ireland 
[ josh and skinner sit down . ] josh , the language doesn't prohibit same-sex marriage . josh of course it does . 

live updates on the terror attacks investigation – via 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of defiance 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of d … — via 
how do folks feel about charlie hebdo's cover ? is it bold ? insensitive ? both ? i want to say both . 
les inrockuptibles , charlie hebdo and others remain defiant against extremism 
ahh i love the french so much . " they have weapons . screw them , we have champagne ! " 
. on the latest charlie hebdo cover , and the message of defiance in french media after 
cover junkie 

quote of the day 

on campus : stories from new york times readers 
nyt story about " racism " on a campus includes no examples of students being excluded from academic classes/programs 
racism on campus : stories from readers . journalism prof is featured 
" [ faculty and student body are very diverse ... that makes a difference to how minorities feel on campus . " 
shoutout to prof . tom costello . rt : racism on campus : stories from ny times readers 
times readers talk about experiencing racism on their college campuses . add your comments . 
readers were invited to describe encounters with discrimination on campus . dozens shared their stories . 
racism on campus : stories from times readers 
racism on stories from new york times readers quotes ou professor thomas costello 
times readers describe encounters with bigotry and discrimination on college campuses across the united states . 
campus racism : nyt readers stories similar to being called fat , 4-eyes , etc . hurtful , but to call for resignations ? 
racism on campus : " last semester a makeshift noose was hung on my campus at the student center . " 
important , awful stories of racism on campus . 
racism on campus : stories from new york times … 
rt get ready to cringe : collects readers ’ stories of racism on campus 

what will it take to destroy isis ? experts from around the world weigh in . 

belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbeek 
top story : retweets police raid house in troubled brussels … see more 
top police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - the new york t … see more 
police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - new york times 
- police raid house in troubled neighborhood — 
points : belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbe … 

the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
the streetlife of the blocks where the paris attacks took place is resilient : they were as busy 100yrs ago as today 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
100-yr-old postcards of paris terror sites show same streets & storefronts , treasured because so inviting 
" people still go out b/c going out is something that paris invites us to do . " fantastic piece via 
rt wonderful article by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life 
it is good to know after the paris attacks that life will continue as it has for more than a century in the ... 
paris invites you 2 " explore , take wrong turns , fall in love , protest & have a drink in the same places others have " 
" people still go out because going out is something that paris invites us to do . " vintage snaps of the 10e : 
a thoughtful piece on the architecture of paris streets and why senseless acts of terrorism won't change them : 
rue alibert , rue bichat and the bataclan as seen in beautiful vintage postcards via 
top twitter paris story : the uncommon resilience of parisian st … see more 
rt the uncommon resilience of paris street life , by my friend alex toledano in the … 

an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead the parents didn't know what their son was up2 ? bs . 
chief suspect is an isis militant whose own family wished him dead 
when the family of abdelhamid abaaoud received word from syria last fall that he had been killed ... it rejoiced " 
this is the man reportedly at the centre of the st denis raid . 
suspect isis whose family wishe dead 
“ he destroyed our families . i don’t ever want to see him again . ” an isis militant whose own family wanted him dead 
what else ??? 
rt an militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
nyt : an militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
“ we are praying that abdelhamid really is dead , ” his older sister , yasmina , said ... 
an isis militant from whose own family wanted him dead 

charlie hebdo's latest cover offers a message of defiance 

police arrest 5 near paris ; woman detonates explosive vest 
( police arrest 5 near paris ; woman detonates explosive vest : the early-morni ... ( shaquille ) 
arrest 5 near paris ; woman detonates explosive vest : the early-morning raid in a … 
breaking news : french police , seeking the planner of friday’s attacks , arrested 5 people in a raid 
the early-morning raid in a northern suburb was aimed at detaining the belgian militant suspected of organizing the attacks that killed 129 people . 

ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say - 
omg - you really want . guy wit his finger on the nuclear button who not only doesn't know as much as your or i ,... 
rt this quite a shot at carson from his own adviser 
twitter doctors ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy ,… see more 
rt ben carson's own advisers admit he's clueless on national security . hilarious but true story . 
understatement of the week : " is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say " : 
so this is both amusing and totally unsurprising best part is its coming directly from carson advisors 
rt mt : foreign policy 
ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , ( his own ) advisers say 
rt fascinatingly indirect way of reporting that man running for president and leading in some polls doesn't know shit . https … 
is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say carson is being tutored by one who lied to congress ! 
rt this piece on is so great i want to wrap it up & gift it to all my friends . via 
is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say -- potus must be able to comprehend history & nuances ! 
rt wow . this quote about ben carson is not from a rival campaign , but his own adviser … 
ben carson’s advisers lament his inability to grasp foreign policy . a man who would be president … 
ben carson knows something nobody else does . " white house , denied china had intervened militarily in 
ben carson's own advisor admits he is unable to grasp one iota of foreign policy . 
ben carson , call your office ( this is amazing ) 
rt this quote from this carson foreign-policy adviser -- wow 
rt “ nobody has been able to sit down with him and have him get one iota of intelligent [ info ] about the middle east . ” https://… 
please spare you want to vote for this guy ?? -> 
views don't differ on shape of pyramids they have a point . 
rt apparently , ben carson is immune to understanding the middle east . 
rt somewhere , donald trump has an aide printing this story out on xerox paper , laughing 

rt this 3-week-old girl is the last known ebola patient in active treatment in the world … 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
“ i know it’s pathetic , but this was one of the things that allowed me to try to keep some hope , ” he said . 
escaping the bataclan with a bloodied drumstick — via 

despite the political challenges , fixing social security is rather simple : take more money in , send less money out … 
we’re living longer . that’s great , except for social security . 
not sexy , but can't be ignored in any election cycle . 
we're living longer . that's great , except for social security . 
we’re living longer . that’s great , except for via 
social security tinkering to make it work for our grandkids . 
by the numbers : we’re longer . that’s great , except for 
very clear take on security from via 

" early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening " 
studies find declines in screening and early detection of prostate cancer 
declining rates from less due to caution - still screen young healthy men . 
rt -decline in screening and detection of prostate ca -cms to penalize docs for psa screening https://… 
on the challenges of following medical guidelines - prostate cancer edition 
rt studies find declines in screening and early detection of via - 
early cancer cases fall along with screening 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
i love he does a great job rt “ don lemon doesn't get offended ” 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

call to arms in amid hunt for suspects 
call to arms in france amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
rt belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack 
raid brussels area in search for terror suspect 
french version of usa patriot act “ … called on monday for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists . " 
the world salutes the french victims but nothing on the russian victims of the plane : double standard ... 
rt next you'll tell me this man isn't really belgian https : … 
rt it is critical that " war " on does not subvert democracy or become a crusade against muslims . … 
paris attacks plotted by belgian who fought for isis , french officials say 
so this sounds like the setup to something like l'acte de patriote 
nyt : president hollande calls for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists at home , 
belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack , official says 
on-the-run paris suspect salah abdeslam was stopped by the french police on saturday but was let go when his paper … 
hacker news - french president hollande seeks to amend constitution 
hollande seeks new legislation that would create more flexibility for combating 
" our democracy has prevailed over much more formidable opponents than these cowardly assassins , " mr. hollande ,... 
call to arms in amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspect in 
rt president hollande vows revocation of french citizenship for dual nationals convicted of terrorism http … 
abaaoud was already a suspect in a failed jan plot in belgium & aug plot 2 shoot passengers on paris-brussels train 
the mastermind leader of the paris attack was not syrian or middle eastern but belgian ! 
holland calls 4 new powers after paris attacks lets show isis whos boss by giving up our rights 
d'you suppose hollande will call it the " patriot act " , too ? " mr. hollande called for quick action by parliament ... 
rt if we continue to follow us & france foreign policy to absurdity , they should be bombing raqqa , brussels & chartres . ht … 
" france is at war . " -- president hollande . 
" terrorism will not destroy the republic , because it is the republic that will destroy it . " dat juxtaposition doe . 
french government turns up the heat on isis . what are the " exceptional " measures here ? civil liberties in trouble ? 
thoughts ? 
fr pres calls for const amendments that would give the gov flexibility to conduct raids without a warrant 
president hollande , what you are requesting is a slippery slope sir . 
hollande calls for new powers to ‘ eradicate ’ isis after paris attacks 
hollande calls for constitutional amendments to enable fight against terror . 
since when is changing the constitution to enable a police state not giving in to terror ? nyt-call to arms in france 
call to arms in france amid manhunt hollande seeks to amend constitution 
policing in america changed forever after 9/11 . the legislation france seeks for greater surveillance is frightening 
if getting to know incoming refugees was the solution , then it stands to reason that one's refugee family members ... 
police raids in france and belgium seek paris attack suspects 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

senate votes to block obama's climate change rules - new york times : 
" senate votes to block obama’s climate change rules " 
senate opposes obama's tough climate change policies 
senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
" senate voted to block president obama’s climate change regulations , hoping to undermine his negotiating authority . " 
rt apropos of my post yesterday about a few gop senators who are apparently environmentally conscious : … 
senate blocks regs . again . hey , backwards old men : ignoring a problem won't make it go away . via 
bashing can't do cost-benefit analysis , vote to block power plant rules 
the senate blocks president obama’s climate change rules . 
is reporting regulations blocked . 
senate votes to block presidential climate change action 
votes to block rules 
vows to destroy the planet . 

maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the bataclan concert hall 
remember maxime bouffard — via 
points : maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the batac … 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan mas … — via 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan massacre 

top story : retweets paris : updates on the terror attacks in … see more 
paris : updates on the terror attacks investigation 
live updates from france : 
at least 3 of the paris attackers were french citizens : more updates : 
rt we are providing unlimited access to our website and mobile apps for coverage of paris attacks . follow live updates : http … 
rt eagles of death metal said to cancel rest of european tour 
the latest on the 
none are religious acts . who hired these thugs ? who promises heaven for hired thugs ? 
rt president hollande has called for 3 days of national mourning in france . 
rt live updates from france : 
rt . helps debunk some social media rumors around the 
rt sweeping security powers just approved for paris region in a midnight cabinet session . … 
well then .. " at least 3 of the paris attackers were french citizens : more updates : " 
. coverage of the is very up-to-date and informative . 
attacks in central paris : live updates 
beirut , also the site of deadly attacks , feels forgotten - the new york times 
belgium home affairs minister admits gov does not “ have control of the situation in molenbeek . " no-go zone , no doubt 

nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 
nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus via nytimes 
nytimes : nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 

facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 
facebook’s french flag photo filter draws criticism 

your tuesday briefing 
start your day with : " your via 
your briefing 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

bobby jindal quits republican presidential race 
rt days before the vitter-edwards vote , jindal drops out 
a bit more , with on the rise and fall of jindal > 
nytimes : jindal drops bid for the republican nomination one more drops out . who's next ? 
. quits presidential race via na na hey hey kiss him goodbye ! 
jindal quits republican presidential race “ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time , ” 12th of never 
gov . bobby jindal of louisiana , a onetime rising republican star whose popularity has plummeted in his own state ,... 
jindal : “ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time . ” 
bobbie jingles away . next ? " a bit more , with on the rise and fall of jindal > " 
god has blessed america ! 
good riddance to bad rajma . 
another one bites the dust ... :d 

our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
rt rt nytimes : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of … 
rt our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
points : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feas … 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 

i love brussels sprouts and these sliders look yummy . 
brussels sprouts sliders 
looking for a side dish or appetizer for the vegetarians at your celebration ? 

love brussels sprouts ? we have an idea for you . 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 

racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 

what century-old photos from the sites of the paris attacks tell us about france's capital 

isis is likely responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria : 
rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january 
rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 
the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 
rt quoted in article on isis and their " trilogy of terror " iraq/syria , their wilayats , & now capable cells … 
where isis has directed and inspired attacks around the world via 
paris bloodshed may be the latest of many isis attacks around the world 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , according to his advisers 
ask any nurse about arrogant neurosurgeons . very typical . very dangerous . . 

call to arms in amid hunt for suspects 
call to arms in france amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
rt belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack 
raid brussels area in search for terror suspect 
french version of usa patriot act “ … called on monday for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists . " 
the world salutes the french victims but nothing on the russian victims of the plane : double standard ... 
rt next you'll tell me this man isn't really belgian https : … 
rt it is critical that " war " on does not subvert democracy or become a crusade against muslims . … 
paris attacks plotted by belgian who fought for isis , french officials say 
so this sounds like the setup to something like l'acte de patriote 
nyt : president hollande calls for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists at home , 
belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack , official says 
on-the-run paris suspect salah abdeslam was stopped by the french police on saturday but was let go when his paper … 
hacker news - french president hollande seeks to amend constitution 
hollande seeks new legislation that would create more flexibility for combating 
" our democracy has prevailed over much more formidable opponents than these cowardly assassins , " mr. hollande ,... 
call to arms in amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspect in 
rt president hollande vows revocation of french citizenship for dual nationals convicted of terrorism http … 
abaaoud was already a suspect in a failed jan plot in belgium & aug plot 2 shoot passengers on paris-brussels train 
the mastermind leader of the paris attack was not syrian or middle eastern but belgian ! 
holland calls 4 new powers after paris attacks lets show isis whos boss by giving up our rights 
d'you suppose hollande will call it the " patriot act " , too ? " mr. hollande called for quick action by parliament ... 
rt if we continue to follow us & france foreign policy to absurdity , they should be bombing raqqa , brussels & chartres . ht … 
" france is at war . " -- president hollande . 
" terrorism will not destroy the republic , because it is the republic that will destroy it . " dat juxtaposition doe . 
french government turns up the heat on isis . what are the " exceptional " measures here ? civil liberties in trouble ? 
thoughts ? 
fr pres calls for const amendments that would give the gov flexibility to conduct raids without a warrant 
president hollande , what you are requesting is a slippery slope sir . 
hollande calls for new powers to ‘ eradicate ’ isis after paris attacks 
hollande calls for constitutional amendments to enable fight against terror . 
since when is changing the constitution to enable a police state not giving in to terror ? nyt-call to arms in france 
call to arms in france amid manhunt hollande seeks to amend constitution 
policing in america changed forever after 9/11 . the legislation france seeks for greater surveillance is frightening 
if getting to know incoming refugees was the solution , then it stands to reason that one's refugee family members ... 
police raids in france and belgium seek paris attack suspects 

an early-morning raid north of paris 
an early-morning raid north of paris : the french police conducted a raid in st. -denis aimed at detaining ... 
the french police conducted a raid in st. -denis aimed at detaining a militant suspected of organizing the attacks that killed 129 people on friday . 

obama calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea 
calls on to stop construction in at start of summit discussing trade & climate 
obama calls on beijing to stop construction in south sea : in the philippines for an … 
president obama called on china to stop construction in the south china sea 
in the philippines for an asia-pacific economic cooperation summit , president obama urged china to halt military activities on the disputed islands . 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

" tous au bistrot ! " “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
love this : a rallying cry in paris : everyone to the bar ! via 
good food , wine , friendships , & laughter remind us once again why we do what we do <3 
for my " drink ! " students . a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
“ it will be an act of peaceful resistance ” 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ - the new york times 
one of the many ways that new yorkers and parisians are kindred spirits 
a very act of defiance . — “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : tous au bistrot ~ everyone to the local bar-restaurant ! 
that's the way to do it . " a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar ! " 
i'll drink to that ! 
parisian restaurant owners are calling for a very french act of defiance . tous au bistrot via 
you know the best way to stay alive ? you keep living . rallying call in paris , via 
let's stand in solidarity with these parisians ! get to the bar ! 
" go to a place where you can have a beer , some peanuts , a plate of sausages , anything " 
" “ everyone to the bar ! ” ... ( ... and have a white russian on me ...! ) 

2 air france planes are diverted from paris - new york times 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over security concerns - new york times 
leia no > 2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over secur … see more 
2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over security concerns 

what china has been building in the south china sea 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
nytimes : anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 

rt it takes the grace of god to let go & let god ... 
rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
victim’s husband tells terrorists , ‘ i will not give you the gift of hate ’ via 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
a victim's spouse speaks love to hate 
victim's husband tells terrorists , ' i will not give you the gift of hate ' via thanks 
husband tells “ i will not give you the gift of hate . ” 

once infested with security flaws , does an about-face 
sheds reputation as an easy mark for hackers 
every time i see mentioned in media , i think of your great pr work of 15 years ago . 
microsoft's u-turn on safety 
once the black sheep when it came to microsoft has worked hard to correct course : via 
explains why i'm still working there and more excited than ever under our new management - 
rt once infested with security flaws , does an about-face 
you can’t say i’m serious about security without exercising the regimen of keeping security top of mind every second 
once infested with flaws , does an about-face 
has been far better in responding to hackers and scammers in my experience , than or 
rt microsoft & security in today's world -- piece by 
microsoft’s chief executive satya nadella spoke on tuesday about how microsoft confronts security threats . 
our client increasing security , supporting security-related initiatives & hiring security employees read : 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

photos : an early-morning raid north of paris 

:: end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company 
top story : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added t … see more 
ny state ag's expands investigation into fantasy sports as nothing more than " rebranded sports betting " 
tweet find : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added … see more 
nyt : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as new york attorney general issues subpoena 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as new york attorney general issues subpoena to company ( nytim … 
basically , it's just dressed up gambling hiding behind a fantasy sports cloak . 
leia no > end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is sa … see more 
ny ag subpoenas $yhoo in witch hunt , thinks playing fantasy sports isn't a victimless crime 
guessing that eric t . schneiderman dfs teams are the reason he's trying to end fantasy sites in new york ; 
end sought to fantasy sites in yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 

rt every person implicated so far in the paris attacks has been a french or belgian citizen . none is a syrian migrant . https :/ … 
what we know about the paris attackers see more 
rt most of the paris attackers were home grown , so 
finding the links among the paris attackers 
so far , french is the only confirmed nationality among the paris attackers 
what we know about the paris attackers via 
what we know abdelhamid abaaoud 
in light of current raid , here's a good snapshot of what's known about the paris attackers 

the paris attackers : who were they ? 
why would they do this ? painful 2 watch , important 2 know . the attackers the victims : 
who were the attackers in paris ? video . 
rt a snapshot of seven men suspected in the paris attacks . who were they ? by 
who are the paris attackers ? very informative video piece by my colleague 
prevention of radicalism ; possible only through cooperation w/ muslim immigrants paris attackers : who were they ? 

when tv turns itself off 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " … 
when terrorists strike , television networks respond , sometimes sensitively and other times perhaps unnecessarily . 
rt great point by 
when broadcast tv self censors … " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares — communal , cathartic ... " 
should tv networks pull sensitive shows after a tragedy ? : “ we should not be surprised that extremists excoriate p … 
why terrorism-themed episodes shouldn't have been pulled 
amateur : nyt correction : " ... it is ' sex and the city , ' not ' sex in the city . '” 
3 ) " ... that allow us to conceive awful things at a safe remove . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 

what travelers can expect in paris 

op-ed : < /span > explaining terror to children 
france-england game is a friendly in every sense of the word 
sometimes a friendly is just that . on england-france , which meant nothing but felt like everything . 
" the players had a duty to show the unstoppable tumble that is being alive . " 
friendly steeped in fraternity . all wembley sings “ la marseillaise ” at france-england match . sniff , 
this // normally , the visiting team’s anthem would be played first ; on this night , “ la marseillaise ” was played last 
france-england game was a friendly in every sense of the word 
lovely match report on a " friendly " between france and england 
lovely , lovely match report on france-england " friendly " 
france receives a friendly embrace in england 
thankful for capacity of sport to connect diverse communities & cultures , to unite , & to inspire resilience & hope 
sport at its finest . " a return to living . a show of unity . a friendly . " rt france gets a friendly embrace in england 

thats why i did not change my profile picture as french flag 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality via 
as tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
top story : retweets as social media tributes pop up , so do … see more 
top as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality - th … see more 
my short post on fb's french flag debacle , and how the lebanese flag made it to profile pics without facebook's help 
social media tributes-complaints of inequality - helping all cries have the option to be heard — via 
why did blatantly ignore and do nothing when warned . 

storm system batters colorado and texas 

guinea , last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
we deserve some good news ! last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
rt nubia was born in an ebola unit to a mom who died after giving birth . “ she’s broken all records , this little girl " https … 
last known ebola patient worldwide getting treated is a 3-week old in guinea , which soon could be ebola-free . 
ny times : last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
a 3-week-old girl now recovering could be the final patient in an epidemic that killed more ... 

rt french return to cafes in a show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” … 
rt french return to cafes show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” 

what travelers can expect in 
“ the french need support now more than ever & want to return to normal life . ... not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
message to tourists : “ the french need support now more than ever , & leaving or not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
what can expect in 
here is a rundown on how hotels , airlines and cultural sites are accommodating travelers to paris 
also i wish i could give blood , but as a cancer survivor i believe i'm not allowed .... 
the best thing can do to help is to keep visiting paris and not be scared away . 
here is some helpful advice from the for anyone travelling to 
" the single best thing travelers can do to help is to stay in paris and to keep coming to the country . " 
great article 

ireland holds its first same-sex marriage ceremony 

marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france " 
y esto es lo peligroso " le pen’s anti-islam speech gains influence in france " 
de lo peor ... marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france via nytimes 
nytimes : marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
marine message is gaining influence in 

rt heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
nytimesworld : rt nytimes : heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
rt nytimes : heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid … 

gawker is said to retool as politics site : a sit ... 
is diversity a blind spot for a very interesting read - what's your take ? 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a site that pioneered the … 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a sit ... … 
drops weird news , four employees : 
new york times gawker to retool as politics site new york times a site that pioneered the … 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ 
cuts staff as site focuses on politics 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ : ... 
politico : gawker media is changing 
my favorite website is 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on < b > politics < /b > a la ' daily show ' 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ' daily show ' 
rt in may 2015 , alleged o’reilly was accused of physically assaulting his ex-wife maureen m … 
breaking : will have massive lay offs . 
is changing its focus 
gawker to retool as politics site : a site that pioneered the knowing and snarky tone th ... 
in a stunning change , gossipy will become a focused on politics : … 
site closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics | deadline 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily … [ via 
from gossip to politics : will be the first of many or the last ? 
gawker to become politics site in broad restructuring : which has focused primarily on t ... 
gawker to focus on political news , not gossip : gawker media said it would reorient its flagship site to focus o ... 
will be moving away from covering news ... 
cuts staff as site focuses on < b > politics < /b > 
rt gawker media plans to shift the focus of its flagship site to politics 
shakeup at gawker signals a return to focus : in a series of changes at gawker media , is ... 

rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck , and why via 

rt after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via 
after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via nytopinion 
" after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via " = f 

the eiffel tower is closed again 
eiffel tower is closed once again - new york times 
it has been confirmed that the eiffel tower is closed due to a bomb threat 
eiffel tower is closed once again — via nytimesworld 
updates on paris . 
" responding to hatred with anger would be to fall to the same ignorance that made you the people you are . " a . leiris 

new york times interactive thanksgiving menu planner 🦃 
looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative recipes a try ! 
getting lost in this thanksgiving meal planner feature . everything looks so good . ( maybe b/c it's dinner time rn ) 
our menu planner will help you craft the best thanksgiving for everyone at your table . 
thanksgiving recipes - nyt cooking 
build your go big or go home , i say : thanksgiving recipes 
how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . 
what are your upcoming thanksgiving plans ? will you be traveling or will travelers be visiting you in long beach ?... 
some people dread the harriedness of holidays . but i love spending hours pouring over magazine spreads of old ... 
you must take a look - it is interactive and so much fun ! ready ... steady ... go and plan that thanksgiving menu ! 
making this day great : the happier podcast and madness 
rt rt academykierland looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creati … 
rt rt azdavidcreed looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative … 
" thanksgiving for all " ->> sept . vogue , on newsstands near you . ( or online : ) 
getting ready for thanks to 
rt how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . https … 
hint . for all those who have invited me for t-day , please check out the menu & recipes . look forward to sharing ... 
how to make turkey + all the fixings ! ht 
can't wait to host next year in my home ! 
rt kateconewrites thanksgiving central great post samsifton had me laughing & crying 
thanksgiving central great post had me laughing & crying 
no more welcoming , inclusive holiday on the american calendar than thanksgiving . therefore let us keep the feast . 
love it 
! rt these recipes are amazing ! thanksgiving beyond wildest dreams from et al 

manhattan psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client - - 
manhattan psychic admits taking over $550000 from lovelorn client - new york times 
you just can't make this shit up . $ 550,000 for psychic to raise the dead 
love is wasted on the young , money on the rich . 
how stupid can people be ? $us550 , ooo ! 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
your date/model . let's go somewhere exotic & try new things . book ... 
very useful timeline from nytimes . 
top story : retweets where isis claims it has struck , and wh … see more 
where claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck since october 3 , and why 
russell goldman and karen yourish teaching things mum can't . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 

finding the links among the paris attackers 
finding the links among the paris attackers via 

“ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race 
rt nytimes : “ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race … 

message gains influence in 
marine le pen's anti-islam message gains influence in france - new york times 
... and this is an understatement , i'm sure 
no , the national front party : 
" this repeated connection — immigration equals islamism & terrorism — is playing powerfully in the minds of voters . " 

the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 

is changing its focus 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat — via 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover - new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat - new york times 
soccer - soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat - new york times 
it seems to have been a harmless package & some sort of threat 
web dsign 
seo website builder soccer stadiu ... 
police have found an ambulance packed with explosives outside soccer match in 
this is getting way too close . i work in this city and spend most of my days there . it's crazy .... 
hannover hannover stadium hosting germany-netherlands game evacuated ; game cancelled - richmond 😗😣 

a rallying cry in paris : " everyone to the bar ! " 
a rallying cry in paris : “ everyone to the bar ! ” 

rt the united nations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins — via 
lovers of live music , travelers to & co-runners of the family italian joint ; the 2 cousins at 

" they might have guns , but we have flowers " 
some of us help . some bring flowers . some can't help but bring their fear . talking paris w/ kids 
rt i wasn't going to write " talking paris with kids " until i saw how beautifully this dad handled it : … 
" ... nous avons des fleurs " one on they might have guns , but we have via 
look for the helpers , appreciate the flowers , and don’t let fear stop you . via 
love vs hate-this parent chose love . filipinos did it first on 1986 . 

cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - - 
cease-fire and a political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , john kerry says . 
cease-fire and a political transition in crucial to defeating says . 
visiting france , kerry vows ' greater pressure ' on isis 
cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating says 
visiting france , kerry vows ‘ greater pressure ’ on isis 
sec . kerry states there will be more pressure on isis , from the world community 
. urges ceasefire - cease-fire & political transition in crucial to defeating kerry says 
yes , but what of pol future of irq ? " kerry : ceasefire & political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis " 
kerry says a cease-fire & political transition in syria crucial to defeat isis 
and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - new york times 
when love to come . cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating is ... 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
if you were wondering about lsu grad he sees himself more as a malcolm not martin 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

police conduct raid near paris in search for planner of attacks ; ... 
police arrest 5 near paris ; woman detonates explosive vest 
police conduct raid near paris in search for planner of attacks ; 5 arrested - new york … 
police conduct raid near paris in search for planner of attacks ; 5 arrested - new york times 
police conduct raid near paris in search for planner • france is getting a taste of what israel has every day . 
rt breaking news : french police , seeking the planner of friday’s attacks , arrested 5 people in a raid 
police conduct raid near paris in search for planner of attacks … 
french police arrest 5 in connection with investigation of paris attacks 
paris attacks ( november 2015 ) , police , abaaoud , abdelhamid , paris ( france ) via nyt 

after paris , who passes the ‘ commander in chief test’ ? 
leaving the democratic party after this election . fed up . 
social event stops : after area , who passes the ' physical object in chief problem solving' ? 
we may not want to politicize tragedies , but tragedies have political outcomes all the same . 

germany-netherlands match canceled over security concerns 
germany-netherlands soccer match canceled over security concerns 
germany cancels soccer match with netherlands 
ah nevermind , seems like it was just a " suspicious object " twitter messing with us . 
germany-netherlands match canceled , evidence of plans to detonate an explosive device in the stadium : 
germany cancels match with the netherlands over security concerns - - 
police chief says there was serious threat to city and stadium , including plan for explosion . 

photos of the day 
a migrant boy with a thermal blanket on the shore of the greek island of lesbos 
rt retweeted the new york times ( photos of the day … 
top story : pictures of the day : france and elsewhere - people gazed at bullet h … see more 
rt beautiful ender in today's pictures of the day slideshow 
rt women worshiped the setting sun while celebrating a hindu festival in mumbai . more photos https :/ … 
i've always been a sucker for beautiful photos of the day 
photos of the day via 
the new york times photos of the day 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
gunfire erupts as police seek suspects in raid 
paris attacks suspect was target of strikes on isis in syria 
second suspect is sought in paris attacks 

a return to living . a show of unity . france receives a friendly embrace in england 

police are shooting good ol ' boys now . wonder if that will change any attitudes ? 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho ranch owner's fatal encounter with deputies 
idaho deputies fatally shot a local man and his small western town seeks his justice 
family of man by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man's fatal encounter with deputies - new york times 
family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it … 
family of man killed by deputies in says it was murder : jack yantis went to the scene of a crash involving ... 

rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . 

what china has been building in the south china sea 
china is converting entire reefs to islands in just one year . yet , we can't finish velachery-taramani link road 
what has been building in the south china sea : via 
very interesting time lapse of what china is building in the south china sea & why it's bad for us/china relations : 
rt the united states sent a ship into disputed south china sea waters . more context on why : … 
" all is fair in love and war " -- john lyly . unfortunately china forgot that reefs are actual living breathing ... 
rt amazing graphics on this nyt story about the chinese efforts to claim the spratly islands : 
china has been feverishly piling sand onto reefs in the south china sea for the past year , creating seven new islets in the region . it is straining geopolitical tensions that were already taut . 

justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections 
question - must remove poor treatment of gays from islam ? what about from christians here ? 
are you really going to compare it to pedophiles ? justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights via 
please file under “ headlines i wish i could unsee ” - 
realizing that people like these have doctorate degrees from harvard & yale proves education means nothing 
child abusers and pederasts hurt people . way to make analogies that don't work , scalia . via 
" ... mmmmm don't look at me , but , as i've said , it's unnatural ... and ... perverted also . " 
it's never nice to wish for someone's death , but it'll be so sweet when this fucker finally croaks 
so scalia can't distinguish between groups like black , gays or women and groups like child abusers and pederasts 
it's 2015 . stop comparing lgbt people to criminals & pedophiles . even for scalia this hate is beyond the pale . 
ignoring the history of civil rights , scalia equates laws protecting my marriage to laws protecting child molesters . 
antonin scalia questions protections afforded to people ; says same logic could apply to child molesters . 
u.s. supreme ct justice scalia compares protecting people to protecting child molesters 
this language from scalia is irresponsible and hateful . i get you having a moral issue but supporting hate ... 
justice scalia reveals again that be doesn't seem to understand much of anything by comparing gays to child ... 
breaking : justice scalia is skeptical of carolene products footnote 4 . 
rt god bless justice scalia for presenting his anti-gay views in the most unattractive and unconvincing way possible . https :/ … 
uncharacteristic representation on nyt's part . scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
justice scalia is a sad , reprehensible , impotent man ; likens lgbtq+ protections to child molesters . via 
in news from the late 1700s : scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections :: via 
i used to think scalia had a great legal mind that i disagreed with . but really , he's just a smug asshole . 
rt justice scalia is not only an asshole , but one totally unaware of the world he lives in - 
fuck you - comparing legal protections of people to 
" you guys " being the comment section of free republic . | " i write the dissents for you guys " 
justice scalia equates rights to child molesters , can't trust this guy for giving people a fair hearing 
scalia sarcastically says lgbt protections could apply to child abusers , another " deserving minority . " 
scalia comparing gay rights protections to protecting child molesters . give me a break . via 
justice (?) antonin compares gays to child molesters 
more right-wing poison : ... 
. foremost in his life is his catholicism . he brings it to work w/him every day . 
" scalia expressed frustration with how little debate goes on when the justices meet in private to discuss and vote . " 
sometimes i can't tell if scalia is channeling trump or the other way around . 
rt this is what's at stake next november , kids : replacing reactionary dinosaurs like scalia on the court … 

paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syrian refugees into the u.s. 
mohandesdean : rt nytimes : paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syria … 

" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " 
on invading learns from howard dean's mistakes 
on invading iraq , bernie answers katie couric with vivid context & clear common sense . true foreign policy prowess ! 
first draft : on invading bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
first draft : on invading iraq , bernie sanders … 
just say no : on invading takes a cue from 2016 

reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
rt reports of gunfire in suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect — via 

don lemon doesn’t get offended 
rt don lemon said this . i'm just going to leave this here . 
" the best way to improve yourself is to improve yourself . " 
rt “ don lemon said this . im just going to leave this here ” ht … 
" i'd probably be a writer like james baldwin . " 
rt for those looking for the link : 
my comment on doesn’t get offended via 
don lemon thinks he could be jesus christ q : that sound you hear when don lemon talking ? a : 

republicans call for halt to syrian ... | 
rt house speaker paul ryan calls 4 halting syrian refugee program . it's now officially on the republican platform … 
paul ryan calls for halt to syrian refugee program 
republicans call for halt to human program - new york times 
also tuesday , two senators announced a push for a formal authorization of military force agains .. 
us house pressures obama to kill refugee plan 
“ our nation has always been welcoming , but we cannot allow terrorists to take advantage of our compassion . " 

mourners reflected in the bullet-pierced glass of le carillon in paris on tuesday 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 

how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia 

rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attacks … 
police say target of raids was belgian suspect 
the paris prosecutor’s office said that the target of raids in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis was ... 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing … 
rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the at … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attac … 
points : police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , th … 

storm system batters colorado and texas - - 
same storm blocked both co residents in the snow and brought tornadoes to tx tuesday 

" after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via " 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via nytopinion 

this modest monarch can trace his lineage to west africa , where his ancestor prince uchicho was enslaved in 1820 . 
an african king in 
how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia via 
a simple , humble african king in bolivia 
new article in nytimes about the afro-bolivian king , julio pinedo ... 
just across from the touristic village of coroico , lives one of the remaining african kings !... 
rt jamesestrin : a simple , humble african king in bolivia nytimesphoto 
an african king and his wife , queen angelica , work in a small grocery store on the ground floor of their house in ... 
rt an african king in 
amazing story about african heritage in latin america : an africa king in bolivia 

what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis 

photos of the day 
rt retweeted the new york times ( photos of the day … 
i've always been a sucker for beautiful photos of the day 
photos of the day via 
the new york times photos of the day 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 

rt as gawker and its " journalists " enter their death spiral , we can only hope they take jezebel with them . … 
gawker to retool as politics site 
rt 🚨 exclusive : gawker will switch from covering new york & media and become a politics site 
gawker is said to retool as politics site 
. to retool as site 
certainly plenty of tools there with which to experiment . 
rt gawker is reportedly revamping itself into a politics driven site ok . 
wait io9 is shutting down ? or am i missing something ? 
rt sources : gawker to become politics site , about 10 people to lose jobs in gawker media revamp https : … 
shock horror : gawker is going political , jezebel to be a celeb gossip site . 
follow the money 
rt mt : to as 
rt gawker , but for politics ? will never work . 
heather dietrick is killing the " clothes to evade the predator with " game rn 
leftist political site to " retool " as leftist political site : 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 
top story : retweets paris : updates on the terror attacks in … see more 
paris : updates on the terror attacks investigation 
attacks in paris : live updates from france - the new york times 
at least 3 of the paris attackers were french citizens : more updates : 
rt we are providing unlimited access to our website and mobile apps for coverage of paris attacks . follow live updates : http … 
rt eagles of death metal said to cancel rest of european tour 
the latest on the 
none are religious acts . who hired these thugs ? who promises heaven for hired thugs ? 

white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks 
white house affirms refugee plan despite paris attacks 
via nyt > middle east 

la razón's fake terrorist front page makes it into the new york times : 
give rise to fakes and misinformation , including mainstream media 
paris attacks give rise to fakes and misinformation 
rt a look at the altered images , bogus tweets and odd theories that spread across the internet after the paris attacks https : … 
paris attacks give rise to misinfo 
" people will share anything online in order to share something online . " - 
read when terror strikes , count on new york times spending its resources debunking and not investigating conspiracy . 
this is undeniably true that on the internet , there is always something surprises you yet it's fake . 
give rise to and | via by 
fascinating read about misinformation in the aftermath of tragedies . 
paris attacks give rise to fakes & | by 
a terrible part about the tragedies : people spreading harmful misinformation about the attacks , about innocents . 
please stop re-posting things you see on fb without checking them first . even the most benign posts can be ... 
rt " crisis actors , " altered photos and fake tweets . beware of bogus paris attack stories : 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 
charlie sheen : i paid blackmailers $10 million to keep quiet about my hiv . 
" “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen in an interview with matt lauer " 

after paris attacks , vilifying refugees 
" confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable " 
" confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided . " -- 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " timely editorial on opening up to refugees . https :/ … 
rt some refreshingly blunt words from editorial . 
rt after attacks , the rush to vilify @ new york times editorial 
isn't america in a catch 22 ? it must be a conundrum to argue for or agst battening down the hatches to stop terror . 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " important editorial : 
the nyt vilifying gop common sense , as usual 
“ slamming the door in their faces would be a betrayal of our values . " pres . obama is right . rt 
hooray for the refugees are fleeing terrorism and vilifying them is repugnant 
rt we must have the moral courage to open our arms . via 
rt nyt editorial board hits the mark : vilifying refugees after paris unacceptable 
rt post paris attacks , vilifying refugees editorial board : jeb's " idiotic " , pbo g20 response " just righ … 
" confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " and yes , it is that simple . 
" confusing refugees w/ terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
rt nyt : shutting out is an " impulsive & politically expedient response " 2 the & its wrong http … 

top story : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special fo … see more 
rt a woman hiding out in an apartment in st. -denis was killed when she detonated an explosive vest 
rt a woman in was killed when she detonated an explosive vest during a raid , french officials said . … 
top story : retweets woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by spe … see more 
woman killed in raid after detonating explosive vest - diesel , a 7-yr-old police dog , also killed 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces — via nytimesworld@ 
woman detonates suicide vest in st-denis raid in paris via 
top woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
paris : updates on the terror attacks : paris : updates on the terror attacks ! 
rt woman killed in raid in paris ; three men captured by special forces . live updates : 
woman killed in raid . 5 suspects arrested . 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - new york times : new york timeswoman killed in r ... 
the raid in st. -denis brought major disruption to residents and commuters 
woman killed in raid via 
a woman in was killed when she detonated an explosive vest duri … 
a woman in was killed when she detonated an explosive vest during a … 

rt if you agree : refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 
international relations stories u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned … see more 
u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats ’ 
" many are fleeing extremism and terrorism – from the very people associated with the paris attacks . " 
it breaks my heart that the even has to make this statement : " refugees should not be scapegoats , " via 
live coverage | un agency says refugees should not be turned into ' scapegoats ' - new york times 
refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats’! unhcr statement says it all : 

a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials said 
a soccer match between and the was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat : 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , official … 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials s … 
points : a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled becau … 

well : eye twitches 
rt ask well : eye twitches 
what causes eye twitches ? via 
an answer to a common question ! 
a reader asks , what causes eye twitches ? 
what causes the eye to twitch ? via 
why is my eye twitching ? via 
choice tidbit like our facebook page ... it's an education ! 
i have always wondered about this ... 

strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results 
rt 1 . so if us can give france 10s of short-notice isis targets w/o killing civilians , why weren't they hit before ? … 
rt bombing for show ? us , syria , jordan , russia , now france : need revenge on isis ? drop a few bombs on raqqa ! syria https://… 
rt the barrage of french airstrikes didn't kill civilians , mostly hit empty buildings . … 
the shares my view that airstrikes on raqqa are not the right solution to battle the islamic state in syria 
rt results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” - 30 hit mainly outskirts … 
strikes on raqqa in lead to more questions than results 
why , if there were confirmed is targets that could b hit w/o killing civilians , were they not hit more heavily betöre ? 
on how coalition air strikes in are leading to " more questions than results " : 
suggestion that bombing of raqqa is stage revenge . but who is the show for ? 
rt results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” 
strikes on in lead to more questions than results 
rt 2 . and if not , then are they hitting civilians/accepting more risk of that ? or empty land/bldgs , bombing for show ? https :/ … 

" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " really , mr. sheen ? you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep it secret 
rt charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep his diagnosis secret 
rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 
charlie sheen's hiv status : cs says he paid mllions t keep it quiet puzzlng : have we moved on s/ ' 80s ? 
rt we hope . announcement finally quiets tabloids . should not be stigmatized ! 
rt he felt like he needed to keep it a secret . we can end stigma together ! 
actor charlie sheen has confirmed that he is hiv positive : 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret 
the reputation doctor® comments on in 
rt who's to blame for outing charlie sheen and his hiv secret : media , ' mates ' or both ? new york times https://… 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
points : he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert ha … 

envisioning how global powers can smash 
an essential read distilling the tough questions about how to smash isis - 
the allies paid a huge price to crush the nazis . it had to be done . it was done . the same goes for 
nytimesworld : rt danbilefsky : an essential read distilling the tough questions about how to smash isis - 
" if the world is wedded to a military solution , it is likely to come at a high cost in human lives " 
thorough analysis in ny times of dilemmas that have to be solved before is will vanish 
thoughtful perspective on isis . 
rt an absolute must-read on a1 tomorrow about where isis came from , what it wants , and how to destroy it : … 
the war against islamist extremism is complicated and it needs force and religious reform 
new york times - usa - only force and reform can beat isis experts say - 
envisioning how powers can smash isis - the new york times 
what is to be done about the islamic state ? lucid analysis by 

rt two of ben carson's top advisers say he's struggling to grasp foreign policy 
we can't be experts in everything . i can't perform brain surgery , but i wouldn't attempt it . 

first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
top story : retweets first same-sex marriage ceremony held i … see more 
first marriage held in 
marriage dreams coming true on the 
voters approved - here is the 1st ceremony . 
rt first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
first same-sex marriage in ireland today ! 
douglas dalby teaching things mum can't . 
lots of things are terrible , but this is not . the first same-sex marriage in ireland : 
first same-sex marriage ceremony in ireland 
[ josh and skinner sit down . ] josh , the language doesn't prohibit same-sex marriage . josh of course it does . 

charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of defiance 
live updates on the terror attacks investigation – via 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of d … — via 
how do folks feel about charlie hebdo's cover ? is it bold ? insensitive ? both ? i want to say both . 
les inrockuptibles , charlie hebdo and others remain defiant against extremism 
ahh i love the french so much . " they have weapons . screw them , we have champagne ! " 
. on the latest charlie hebdo cover , and the message of defiance in french media after 
cover junkie 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 

diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in st. -denis 
rt a police dog named diesel died in st. -denis raid 
diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in the french national police said . 
police dog dies in raid in st. -denis — via 
points : diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in st. -den … 

quote of the day 

new york times readers were invited to describe their encounters with discrimination on campus , and tell what ... 
on campus : stories from new york times readers 
nyt story about " racism " on a campus includes no examples of students being excluded from academic classes/programs 
racism on campus : stories from readers . journalism prof is featured 
" [ faculty and student body are very diverse ... that makes a difference to how minorities feel on campus . " 
shoutout to prof . tom costello . rt : racism on campus : stories from ny times readers 
times readers talk about experiencing racism on their college campuses . add your comments . 
readers were invited to describe encounters with discrimination on campus . dozens shared their stories . 
racism on campus : stories from times readers 
racism on stories from new york times readers quotes ou professor thomas costello 
times readers describe encounters with bigotry and discrimination on college campuses across the united states . 
campus racism : nyt readers stories similar to being called fat , 4-eyes , etc . hurtful , but to call for resignations ? 
racism on campus : " last semester a makeshift noose was hung on my campus at the student center . " 
important , awful stories of racism on campus . 
racism on campus : stories from new york times … 
rt get ready to cringe : collects readers ’ stories of racism on campus 

what will it take to destroy isis ? experts from around the world weigh in . 

belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbeek 
top story : retweets police raid house in troubled brussels … see more 
top police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - the new york t … see more 
police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - new york times 
- police raid house in troubled neighborhood — 
points : belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbe … 

the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
the streetlife of the blocks where the paris attacks took place is resilient : they were as busy 100yrs ago as today 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
100-yr-old postcards of paris terror sites show same streets & storefronts , treasured because so inviting 
" people still go out b/c going out is something that paris invites us to do . " fantastic piece via 
rt wonderful article by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life 
it is good to know after the paris attacks that life will continue as it has for more than a century in the ... 
paris invites you 2 " explore , take wrong turns , fall in love , protest & have a drink in the same places others have " 
" people still go out because going out is something that paris invites us to do . " vintage snaps of the 10e : 
a thoughtful piece on the architecture of paris streets and why senseless acts of terrorism won't change them : 
rue alibert , rue bichat and the bataclan as seen in beautiful vintage postcards via 
top twitter paris story : the uncommon resilience of parisian st … see more 

an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt 1st thing to know about abaaoud , mastermind of his own family want him dead . ht … 
rt first thing to know about abdelhamid abaaoud , target of this morning's paris raid : his own family wants him dead . https : … 
man from who's own family want him dead 
an isis militant , abdelhamid abaaoud from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
an militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
the paris attackers belonged to katibat al-battar al-libi , the libyan division of the islamic state 
chief suspect is an isis militant whose own family wished him dead 

charlie hebdo's latest cover offers a message of defiance 

ben carson struggling with foreign policy ben carson to be deregistered for having surgically removed his own brain . 
rt fascinatingly indirect way of reporting that man running for president and leading in some polls doesn't know shit . https … 
ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say - 
ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say - the new york times 
at least trump understands some foreign policy , carson has no idea what he's doing 
from the party that gave us sarah palin is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy . carson doesn't know which end is up . 
science and tech top story : ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , a … see more 
not sure which is more frightening - that or this nyt one on ben carson ! 
rt lost in the shock at this awful ben carson story : his top foreign policy advisor was indicted in iran/contra … 
rt carson advisers discuss foreign policy struggles ... 
rt this quite a shot at carson from his own adviser 
and this is who many in think can lead the us ?! is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
would be a disaster as commander & chief . " ben carson struggling to grasp foreign policy " advisers say 
omg - you really want . guy wit his finger on the nuclear button who not only doesn't know as much as your or i ,... 
twitter doctors ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy ,… see more 
rt ben carson's own advisers admit he's clueless on national security . hilarious but true story . 
understatement of the week : " is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say " : 
so this is both amusing and totally unsurprising best part is its coming directly from carson advisors 
rt mt : foreign policy 
ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , ( his own ) advisers say 
is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say carson is being tutored by one who lied to congress ! 
rt this piece on is so great i want to wrap it up & gift it to all my friends . via 
is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say -- potus must be able to comprehend history & nuances ! 
rt wow . this quote about ben carson is not from a rival campaign , but his own adviser … 
ben carson’s advisers lament his inability to grasp foreign policy . a man who would be president … 
ben carson knows something nobody else does . " white house , denied china had intervened militarily in 
ben carson's own advisor admits he is unable to grasp one iota of foreign policy . 
rt ben carson , call your office ( this is amazing ) 
rt this quote from this carson foreign-policy adviser -- wow 
rt “ nobody has been able to sit down with him and have him get one iota of intelligent [ info ] about the middle east . ” https://… 
please spare you want to vote for this guy ?? -> 

rt this 3-week-old girl is the last known ebola patient in active treatment in the world … 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
“ i know it’s pathetic , but this was one of the things that allowed me to try to keep some hope , ” he said . 
escaping the bataclan with a bloodied drumstick — via 

we’re living longer . that’s great , except for social security . 
despite the political challenges , fixing social security is rather simple : take more money in , send less money out … 
not sexy , but can't be ignored in any election cycle . 
we're living longer . that's great , except for social security . 
we’re living longer . that’s great , except for via 
social security tinkering to make it work for our grandkids . 
by the numbers : we’re longer . that’s great , except for 
very clear take on security from via 

" early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening " 
early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening - new york times 
studies find declines in screening and early detection of 
declining rates from less due to caution - still screen young healthy men . 
rt -decline in screening and detection of prostate ca -cms to penalize docs for psa screening https://… 
on the challenges of following medical guidelines - prostate cancer edition 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
i love he does a great job rt “ don lemon doesn't get offended ” 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

french return to cafes in a show of defiance ($) 
i'll drink to that : french defy terror with a sip of wine . 
" we like to do what we want . that’s the french way . they’ll never kill that " 
french crowd cafes to defy terror with a sip of wine 
rarely have espresso & cabernet meant so much . 
from ' fighting the good fight ' dept : french defy violent militants by going shopping : dubya approves this message 
“ we’re a little undisciplined . we’re a little irritating . we like to do what we want . that’s the french way ” 
" she is tossed by the waves , but does not sink " people are returning to cafes in 🍷 
french return to cafes as show of defiance parisian's show their strength of character and culture . toast to liberty 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

still in denial : senate blocks obama’s change rules via 
votes to block obama’s climate change rules 
rt apropos of my post yesterday about a few gop senators who are apparently environmentally conscious : … 
rt breaking -- still in denial : senate blocks obama’s rules via 
senate votes to block obama's climate change rules - new york times 
senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
senate opposes obama's tough climate change policies 
" senate voted to block president obama’s climate change regulations , hoping to undermine his negotiating authority . " 
senate blocks regs . again . hey , backwards old men : ignoring a problem won't make it go away . via 
bashing can't do cost-benefit analysis , vote to block power plant rules 
the senate blocks president obama’s climate change rules . 
is reporting regulations blocked . 
senate votes to block presidential climate change action 
votes to block rules 

maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the bataclan concert hall 
remember maxime bouffard — via 
points : maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the batac … 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan mas … — via 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan massacre 

the attacks in paris reveal the strategic limits of isis 
the in reveal the strategic limits of 
the attacks in paris reveal the great article ... strategic limits of isis : 
oh , the complex webs we weave . 
although i don't think writer meant piece this way , it's an excellent argument for not doing very much about isis 
interesting analysis of why isis haven't been any country's enemy ( till now ) 
" much like al qaeda , isis has no support among the muslim people living in europe . it recruits only at the margins . " 
solid analysis of isis by olivier roy for the new york times 
wanr some perspective on isis and how idiculoysly complex the situation is and why there re no simple answers ?... 
the attacks in reveal the strategic limits of isis , and why it's complicated . 
france is perhaps alone in wanting and trying to annihilate isis . 
globalized terrorism isno more effective , strategically , than conducting aerial bombings without forces onthe ground 
" isis will hit the same wall as al qaeda : globalized terrorism is no more effective , strategically , than ... 
the attacks in reveal the strategic limits of by olivier roy 
rt oliver roy : france alone in wanting to defeat isis , everybody just wants to contain it . 
rt 2 v . interesting interpretations of isis : olivier roy in & scott atran in https : … 
rt " isis has no support among the muslim people living in europe . it recruits only at the margins . " 
rt “ stalled in the middle east , isis is rushing headlong into globalized terrorism . ” great overview . … 
rt is perhaps alone in wanting and trying to annihilate read why : 
globalized terrorism is no more effective than conducting aerial bombings without forces on the ground . 

nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 
nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus via nytimes 
nytimes : nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 

facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 
facebook’s french flag photo filter draws criticism 

your tuesday briefing 
start your day with : " your via 
your briefing 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

bobby quits presidential race third governor drops out , can the others be far behind ? 
bobby jindal quits republican presidential race 
now what am i supposed to do with all of these red and green " jindal all the way ! " sweaters ? 
rt days before the vitter-edwards vote , jindal drops out 
a bit more , with on the rise and fall of jindal > 
nytimes : jindal drops bid for the republican nomination one more drops out . who's next ? 
. quits presidential race via na na hey hey kiss him goodbye ! 
jindal quits republican presidential race “ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time , ” 12th of never 
gov . bobby jindal of louisiana , a onetime rising republican star whose popularity has plummeted in his own state ,... 
jindal : “ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time . ” 
bobbie jingles away . next ? " a bit more , with on the rise and fall of jindal > " 
god has blessed america ! 
good riddance to bad rajma . 
another one bites the dust ... :d 

our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
rt rt nytimes : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of … 
rt our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
points : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feas … 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 

i love brussels sprouts and these sliders look yummy . 
brussels sprouts sliders 
looking for a side dish or appetizer for the vegetarians at your celebration ? 

love brussels sprouts ? we have an idea for you . 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 

french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking the public not to publicize the locations 
🇺🇸 french police set up checkpoints all over france , but asking the public not to publicize the locations ( ny times ) 
points : french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking … 
nytimes : french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking the public not to publicize the loc … 
french police request checkpoint locations not be publicized — via nytimesworld 

security forces swarm paris suburb via 
security forces swarmed a paris suburb during an early-morning raid 

racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 

what century-old photos from the sites of the paris attacks tell us about france's capital 

isis is likely responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria : 
rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 
rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 
rt quoted in article on isis and their " trilogy of terror " iraq/syria , their wilayats , & now capable cells … 
where isis has directed and inspired attacks around the world via 
paris bloodshed may be the latest of many isis attacks around the world 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , according to his advisers 
ask any nurse about arrogant neurosurgeons . very typical . very dangerous . . 

call to arms in amid hunt for suspects 
call to arms in france amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
rt belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack 
raid brussels area in search for terror suspect 
french version of usa patriot act “ … called on monday for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists . " 
the world salutes the french victims but nothing on the russian victims of the plane : double standard ... 
rt next you'll tell me this man isn't really belgian https : … 
rt it is critical that " war " on does not subvert democracy or become a crusade against muslims . … 
paris attacks plotted by belgian who fought for isis , french officials say 
so this sounds like the setup to something like l'acte de patriote 
nyt : president hollande calls for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists at home , 
belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack , official says 
on-the-run paris suspect salah abdeslam was stopped by the french police on saturday but was let go when his paper … 
hacker news - french president hollande seeks to amend constitution 
hollande seeks new legislation that would create more flexibility for combating 
" our democracy has prevailed over much more formidable opponents than these cowardly assassins , " mr. hollande ,... 
call to arms in amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspect in 
rt president hollande vows revocation of french citizenship for dual nationals convicted of terrorism http … 
abaaoud was already a suspect in a failed jan plot in belgium & aug plot 2 shoot passengers on paris-brussels train 
the mastermind leader of the paris attack was not syrian or middle eastern but belgian ! 
holland calls 4 new powers after paris attacks lets show isis whos boss by giving up our rights 
d'you suppose hollande will call it the " patriot act " , too ? " mr. hollande called for quick action by parliament ... 
rt if we continue to follow us & france foreign policy to absurdity , they should be bombing raqqa , brussels & chartres . ht … 
" france is at war . " -- president hollande . 
" terrorism will not destroy the republic , because it is the republic that will destroy it . " dat juxtaposition doe . 
french government turns up the heat on isis . what are the " exceptional " measures here ? civil liberties in trouble ? 
thoughts ? 
fr pres calls for const amendments that would give the gov flexibility to conduct raids without a warrant 
president hollande , what you are requesting is a slippery slope sir . 
hollande calls for new powers to ‘ eradicate ’ isis after paris attacks 
hollande calls for constitutional amendments to enable fight against terror . 
since when is changing the constitution to enable a police state not giving in to terror ? nyt-call to arms in france 
call to arms in france amid manhunt hollande seeks to amend constitution 
policing in america changed forever after 9/11 . the legislation france seeks for greater surveillance is frightening 
if getting to know incoming refugees was the solution , then it stands to reason that one's refugee family members ... 
police raids in france and belgium seek paris attack suspects 

an early-morning raid north of paris 
an early-morning raid north of paris : the french police conducted a raid in st. -denis aimed at detaining ... 

:: obama calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea 
calls on to stop construction in at start of summit discussing trade & climate 
obama : " halt further reclamation , new construction and militarization of disputed areas in the south china sea . " 
obama calls on beijing to stop construction in south sea : in the philippines for an … 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

" tous au bistrot ! " “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
love this : a rallying cry in paris : everyone to the bar ! via 
good food , wine , friendships , & laughter remind us once again why we do what we do <3 
for my " drink ! " students . a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
“ it will be an act of peaceful resistance ” 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ - the new york times 
one of the many ways that new yorkers and parisians are kindred spirits 
a very act of defiance . — “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : tous au bistrot ~ everyone to the local bar-restaurant ! 
that's the way to do it . " a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar ! " 
i'll drink to that ! 
parisian restaurant owners are calling for a very french act of defiance . tous au bistrot via 
you know the best way to stay alive ? you keep living . rallying call in paris , via 
let's stand in solidarity with these parisians ! get to the bar ! 
" go to a place where you can have a beer , some peanuts , a plate of sausages , anything " 
" “ everyone to the bar ! ” ... ( ... and have a white russian on me ...! ) 

details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 
looks like they found cellphone belonging to one of bataclan attackers , in a trash can 
" here we go , we're starting " message on cellphone that could belong to attacker found in bin near bataclan hall . 
rt phone found in a trash can near the bataclan has a text signaling the beginnig of the … 
points : details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone … 

2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over concerns 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over security concerns - new york times 
leia no > 2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over secur … see more 
2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over security concerns 

what china has been building in the south china sea 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
nytimes : anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
posted " victim’s husband tells terrorists " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
paris attacks : " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
rt it takes the grace of god to let go & let god ... 
victim’s husband tells terrorists , ‘ i will not give you the gift of hate ’ via 
a victim's spouse speaks love to hate 
victim's husband tells terrorists , ' i will not give you the gift of hate ' via thanks 

microsoft cio's " goal inside the company is to get rid of passwords " 
sheds reputation as an easy mark for hackers 
once infested with security flaws , does an about-face 
keep trying ms ! 
sheds reputation as an easy mark for time , don't you think 
an incredible read : how microsoft have developed their security to " best class " . 
every time i see mentioned in media , i think of your great pr work of 15 years ago . 
microsoft's u-turn on safety 
once the black sheep when it came to microsoft has worked hard to correct course : via 
explains why i'm still working there and more excited than ever under our new management - 
rt once infested with security flaws , does an about-face 
you can’t say i’m serious about security without exercising the regimen of keeping security top of mind every second 
once infested with flaws , does an about-face 
has been far better in responding to hackers and scammers in my experience , than or 
rt microsoft & security in today's world -- piece by 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

photos : an early-morning raid north of paris 

top story today : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be a … see more 
end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
rt end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to … 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company 
top story : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added t … see more 
ny state ag's expands investigation into fantasy sports as nothing more than " rebranded sports betting " 
tweet find : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added … see more 
nyt : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as new york attorney general issues subpoena 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as new york attorney general issues subpoena to company ( nytim … 
basically , it's just dressed up gambling hiding behind a fantasy sports cloak . 
leia no > end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is sa … see more 
ny ag subpoenas $yhoo in witch hunt , thinks playing fantasy sports isn't a victimless crime 
guessing that eric t . schneiderman dfs teams are the reason he's trying to end fantasy sites in new york ; 
end sought to fantasy sites in yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 

rt every person implicated so far in the paris attacks has been a french or belgian citizen . none is a syrian migrant . https :/ … 
most of the paris attackers were home grown , so " 
people keep saying the terrorists were confirmed refugees , when the only confirmed identities are french nationals . 
you blocked me because you don't want reality seeping in . " confirmed " by no standard . 
finding the links among the paris attackers 
rt what we know so far about the links between the paris attackers . 
what we know about the paris attackers see more 
so far , french is the only confirmed nationality among the paris attackers 
what we know about the paris attackers via 
what we know abdelhamid abaaoud 

the paris attackers : who were they ? 
why would they do this ? painful 2 watch , important 2 know . the attackers the victims : 
who were the attackers in paris ? video . 
rt a snapshot of seven men suspected in the paris attacks . who were they ? by 
who are the paris attackers ? very informative video piece by my colleague 
prevention of radicalism ; possible only through cooperation w/ muslim immigrants paris attackers : who were they ? 

when tv turns itself off 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " … 
when terrorists strike , television networks respond , sometimes sensitively and other times perhaps unnecessarily . 
rt great point by 
when broadcast tv self censors … " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares — communal , cathartic ... " 
should tv networks pull sensitive shows after a tragedy ? : “ we should not be surprised that extremists excoriate p … 
why terrorism-themed episodes shouldn't have been pulled 
amateur : nyt correction : " ... it is ' sex and the city , ' not ' sex in the city . '” 
3 ) " ... that allow us to conceive awful things at a safe remove . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 

what travelers can expect in paris 

france-england game is a friendly in every sense of the word 
op-ed : < /span > explaining terror to children 
sometimes a friendly is just that . on england-france , which meant nothing but felt like everything . 
" the players had a duty to show the unstoppable tumble that is being alive . " 
friendly steeped in fraternity . all wembley sings “ la marseillaise ” at france-england match . sniff , 
this // normally , the visiting team’s anthem would be played first ; on this night , “ la marseillaise ” was played last 
france-england game was a friendly in every sense of the word 
lovely match report on a " friendly " between france and england 
lovely , lovely match report on france-england " friendly " 
france receives a friendly embrace in england 
thankful for capacity of sport to connect diverse communities & cultures , to unite , & to inspire resilience & hope 
sport at its finest . " a return to living . a show of unity . a friendly . " rt france gets a friendly embrace in england 

thats why i did not change my profile picture as french flag 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality via 
as tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
top story : retweets as social media tributes pop up , so do … see more 
top as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality - th … see more 
my short post on fb's french flag debacle , and how the lebanese flag made it to profile pics without facebook's help 
social media tributes-complaints of inequality - helping all cries have the option to be heard — via 
why did blatantly ignore and do nothing when warned . 

storm system batters colorado and texas 

guinea , last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
we deserve some good news ! last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
rt nubia was born in an ebola unit to a mom who died after giving birth . “ she’s broken all records , this little girl " https … 
last known ebola patient worldwide getting treated is a 3-week old in guinea , which soon could be ebola-free . 
ny times : last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
a 3-week-old girl now recovering could be the final patient in an epidemic that killed more ... 

rt french return to cafes in a show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” … 
rt french return to cafes show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” 

what travelers can expect in 
“ the french need support now more than ever & want to return to normal life . ... not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
message to tourists : “ the french need support now more than ever , & leaving or not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
what can expect in 
here is a rundown on how hotels , airlines and cultural sites are accommodating travelers to paris 
also i wish i could give blood , but as a cancer survivor i believe i'm not allowed .... 
the best thing can do to help is to keep visiting paris and not be scared away . 
here is some helpful advice from the for anyone travelling to 
" the single best thing travelers can do to help is to stay in paris and to keep coming to the country . " 
great article 

ireland holds its first same-sex marriage ceremony 

us war in middle east is vietnam 2.0 , a complete waste of us & me lives , & american taxpayer $ . 
in rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame 
on isis remember that solutions to deal with local sunni grievances not the same as for foreign psychopaths 
fascinating explainer on rise of isis , whose emblems are " the black flag and the severed head " 
state of terror : in rise of isis , no single missed key but many s ... 
in rise of no single missed key but many strands of blame 
2012 report by us defense intelligence agency was direct : growing chaos in syria was giving islamic militants oxygen 
“ … the lives of 43 people in beirut … ” doesn’t even warrant a link in this article , 
in rise of isis , many strands of blame 
ian fisher : in rise of isis , many strands of blame 
2012 report on isis by us defense intel agency was " disregarded by the white house ... it didn’t meet the narrative . " 
rt where did isis come from ? and how did it grow into the threat it is today ? has the answers . … 
when the u.s. withdrew from iraq , it thought it had subdued isis . the group is now on a very different trajectory . 
by the time the u.s. withdrew from iraq , it thought it had subdued the islamic state . the group is now on a very different trajectory . 

rt : : marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
y esto es lo peligroso " le pen’s anti-islam speech gains influence in france " 
de lo peor ... marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france via nytimes 
nytimes : marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 

top story : retweets paris : updates on the terror attacks - … see more 
the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to residents and commuters 
nytimes : the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to residents and commuters 
points : the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to resid … 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 

the anti-politico to focus on political news and away from gossip 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a sit ... 
is diversity a blind spot for a very interesting read - what's your take ? 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a site that pioneered the … 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a sit ... … 
drops weird news , four employees : 
new york times gawker to retool as politics site new york times a site that pioneered the … 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ 
cuts staff as site focuses on politics 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ : ... 
politico : gawker media is changing 
my favorite website is 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on < b > politics < /b > a la ' daily show ' 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ' daily show ' 
rt in may 2015 , alleged o’reilly was accused of physically assaulting his ex-wife maureen m … 
breaking : will have massive lay offs . 
is changing its focus 
gawker to retool as politics site : a site that pioneered the knowing and snarky tone th ... 
in a stunning change , gossipy will become a focused on politics : … 
site closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics | deadline 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily … [ via 
from gossip to politics : will be the first of many or the last ? 
gawker to become politics site in broad restructuring : which has focused primarily on t ... 
gawker to focus on political news , not gossip : gawker media said it would reorient its flagship site to focus o ... 
will be moving away from covering news ... 
cuts staff as site focuses on < b > politics < /b > 
rt gawker media plans to shift the focus of its flagship site to politics 
shakeup at gawker signals a return to focus : in a series of changes at gawker media , is ... 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
good boy ; dindu nuffin . 
police are shooting good ol ' boys now . wonder if that will change any attitudes ? 
family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho ranch owner's fatal encounter with deputies 
idaho deputies fatally shot a local man and his small western town seeks his justice 
family of man by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man's fatal encounter with deputies - new york times 
family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it … 
family of man killed by deputies in says it was murder : jack yantis went to the scene of a crash involving ... 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck , and why via 

rt after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via 
after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via nytopinion 
" after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via " = f 

the eiffel tower is closed again 
eiffel tower is closed once again - new york times 
it has been confirmed that the eiffel tower is closed due to a bomb threat 
eiffel tower is closed once again — via nytimesworld 
updates on paris . 
" responding to hatred with anger would be to fall to the same ignorance that made you the people you are . " a . leiris 

looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative recipes a try ! 
let's see if my meal is edible this year . i try and try and try . 
new york times interactive thanksgiving menu planner 🦃 
getting lost in this thanksgiving meal planner feature . everything looks so good . ( maybe b/c it's dinner time rn ) 
our menu planner will help you craft the best thanksgiving for everyone at your table . 
thanksgiving recipes - nyt cooking 
build your go big or go home , i say : thanksgiving recipes 
how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . 
what are your upcoming thanksgiving plans ? will you be traveling or will travelers be visiting you in long beach ?... 
some people dread the harriedness of holidays . but i love spending hours pouring over magazine spreads of old ... 
you must take a look - it is interactive and so much fun ! ready ... steady ... go and plan that thanksgiving menu ! 
making this day great : the happier podcast and madness 
rt rt academykierland looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creati … 
rt rt azdavidcreed looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative … 
" thanksgiving for all " ->> sept . vogue , on newsstands near you . ( or online : ) 
getting ready for thanks to 
rt how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . https … 
hint . for all those who have invited me for t-day , please check out the menu & recipes . look forward to sharing ... 
how to make turkey + all the fixings ! ht 
can't wait to host next year in my home ! 
rt kateconewrites thanksgiving central great post samsifton had me laughing & crying 
thanksgiving central great post had me laughing & crying 
no more welcoming , inclusive holiday on the american calendar than thanksgiving . therefore let us keep the feast . 
love it 
! rt these recipes are amazing ! thanksgiving beyond wildest dreams from et al 

manhattan psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client - - 
psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client is the business ethical ? 
manhattan psychic admits taking over $550000 from lovelorn client - new york times 
you just can't make this shit up . $ 550,000 for psychic to raise the dead 
love is wasted on the young , money on the rich . 
how stupid can people be ? $us550 , ooo ! 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
your date/model . let's go somewhere exotic & try new things . book ... 
very useful timeline from nytimes . 
top story : retweets where isis claims it has struck , and wh … see more 
where claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck since october 3 , and why 
russell goldman and karen yourish teaching things mum can't . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 

finding the links among the paris attackers 
finding the links among the paris attackers via 

“ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race 
rt nytimes : “ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race … 

message gains influence in 
marine le pen’s anti-islam message in france don't get caught up in the political selfserving propaganda . 
marine le pen's anti-islam message gains influence in france - new york times 
... and this is an understatement , i'm sure 
no , the national front party : 
" this repeated connection — immigration equals islamism & terrorism — is playing powerfully in the minds of voters . " 

the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 

is changing its focus 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat | soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat — via 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover - new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat - new york times 
soccer - soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat - new york times 
it seems to have been a harmless package & some sort of threat 
web dsign 
seo website builder soccer stadiu ... 
police have found an ambulance packed with explosives outside soccer match in 
this is getting way too close . i work in this city and spend most of my days there . it's crazy .... 
hannover hannover stadium hosting germany-netherlands game evacuated ; game cancelled - richmond 😗😣 

a rallying cry in paris : " everyone to the bar ! " 
a rallying cry in paris : “ everyone to the bar ! ” 

rt the united nations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins — via 
lovers of live music , travelers to & co-runners of the family italian joint ; the 2 cousins at 

" they might have guns , but we have flowers " 
motherlode blog : one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers 
what can we tell our kids in difficult times ? “ look for the flowers . ” 
some of us help . some bring flowers . some can't help but bring their fear . talking paris w/ kids 
rt i wasn't going to write " talking paris with kids " until i saw how beautifully this dad handled it : … 
" ... nous avons des fleurs " one on they might have guns , but we have via 
look for the helpers , appreciate the flowers , and don’t let fear stop you . via 
love vs hate-this parent chose love . filipinos did it first on 1986 . 

cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - - 
cease-fire and a political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , john kerry says . 
cease-fire and a political transition in crucial to defeating says . 
visiting france , kerry vows ' greater pressure ' on isis 
cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating says 
visiting france , kerry vows ‘ greater pressure ’ on isis 
sec . kerry states there will be more pressure on isis , from the world community 
. urges ceasefire - cease-fire & political transition in crucial to defeating kerry says 
yes , but what of pol future of irq ? " kerry : ceasefire & political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis " 
kerry says a cease-fire & political transition in syria crucial to defeat isis 
and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - new york times 
when love to come . cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating is ... 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
if you were wondering about lsu grad he sees himself more as a malcolm not martin 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

2 dead in paris raid seeking top suspect ; 7 arrested 
rt breaking news : two people died in a raid near paris , including one who blew herself up , and the police arrested 7 … 
2 dead in raid seeking top suspect ; 7 arrested ( via ny times ) 
woman blows herself up after french raid for attack suspects ; 2 dead , 7 arrested 
2 dead in paris raid seeking top suspect ; 5 police officers wounded ; 1 police dog killed . 
police conduct raid near paris in search for planner of attacks ; 5 arrested 
the woman who died in the st. -denis raid opened fire and then killed herself ; a man died when a grenade detonated 
two people were killed , including one who blew herself up , in a raid in suburban paris aimed at detaining the chief suspect in last week’s attacks . 

after paris , who passes the ‘ commander in chief test’ ? 
leaving the democratic party after this election . fed up . 
social event stops : after area , who passes the ' physical object in chief problem solving' ? 
we may not want to politicize tragedies , but tragedies have political outcomes all the same . 

germany-netherlands match canceled over security concerns 
germany-netherlands soccer match canceled over security concerns 
germany cancels soccer match with netherlands 
ah nevermind , seems like it was just a " suspicious object " twitter messing with us . 
germany-netherlands match canceled , evidence of plans to detonate an explosive device in the stadium : 
germany cancels match with the netherlands over security concerns - - 
police chief says there was serious threat to city and stadium , including plan for explosion . 

rt women worshiped the setting sun while celebrating a hindu festival in mumbai . more photos https :/ … 
photos of the day 
a migrant boy with a thermal blanket on the shore of the greek island of lesbos 
rt retweeted the new york times ( photos of the day … 
top story : pictures of the day : france and elsewhere - people gazed at bullet h … see more 
rt beautiful ender in today's pictures of the day slideshow 
i've always been a sucker for beautiful photos of the day 
photos of the day via 
the new york times photos of the day 

aung san suu kyi has moved toward dominance in myanmar . her words have become provocative . 
nytimes : aung san suu kyi has moved toward dominance in myanmar . her words have become provocative . … 

aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of dignified defiance , sounds a provocative note 
aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of dignified defiance , sounds a provocative note --> 
aung san suu kyi , on the cusp of power , is sounding imperious . what kind of leader is she ? 
interesting insights to the leadership style of by 
aung san suu kyi wins " so far the military has been gracious in defeat , which stuns many burmese 
aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of sounds a provocative note 
burma's democracy icon , on the cusp of power , sounds provocative . how she will govern ? 
so happy to read the words of in again . his smart take on aung san suu kyi's rise in myanmar : 
aung san suu kyi , " the future is hers to shape . " by via 
a symbol of defiance , aung san suu kyi’s victory sets democracy example to asian neighbours 
rt seth mydans , long-time southeast asia hand , returns to the pages of the nyt for a profile of aung san suu kyi . https … 
rt after landslide election win , imperious style of burma's democracy hero raises questions about how she will govern . https :/ … 
ny times : long a symbol of dignified defiance , sounds a provocative note 
aung san suu kyi has moved toward dominance in myanmar . her words have become provocative . 
brushing aside a provision that bars her from serving as president , ms. aung san suu kyi declared : “ i will be above the president . i will run the government . ” 

heavy gunfire , suicide , as french police raid paris terror suspects ' way station / nytimes 
2 dead , 7 arrested in a raid this morning in a paris neighborhood . officials were targeting the mastermind behind ... 
heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
heavy gunfire erupts as seek in raid 
second suspect in paris attacks sought . 
gunfire erupts as police seek suspects in raid 
paris attacks suspect was target of strikes on isis in syria 
second suspect is sought in paris attacks 

a return to living . a show of unity . france receives a friendly embrace in england 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 
live coverage | angela merkel says soccer match cancellation ' had to happen ' - new york times 

rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 

rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 

along with coffee , just had my first daily briefing by new morning routine perhaps . 
your wednesday briefing 
interesting article about startups i read in the new york times 
morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . 

what china has been building in the south china sea 
concerning destruction of reefs for island expansion in the south china sea ... 
one way to destroy a coral reef in the progress name by china 
china is converting entire reefs to islands in just one year . yet , we can't finish velachery-taramani link road 
what has been building in the south china sea : via 
very interesting time lapse of what china is building in the south china sea & why it's bad for us/china relations : 
rt the united states sent a ship into disputed south china sea waters . more context on why : … 
" all is fair in love and war " -- john lyly . unfortunately china forgot that reefs are actual living breathing ... 
rt amazing graphics on this nyt story about the chinese efforts to claim the spratly islands : 

this dude is a turd . 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections - first draft . political news , now . - 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections ( horrid man ) via 
question - must remove poor treatment of gays from islam ? what about from christians here ? 
are you really going to compare it to pedophiles ? justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights via 
please file under “ headlines i wish i could unsee ” - 
realizing that people like these have doctorate degrees from harvard & yale proves education means nothing 
child abusers and pederasts hurt people . way to make analogies that don't work , scalia . via 
" ... mmmmm don't look at me , but , as i've said , it's unnatural ... and ... perverted also . " 
it's never nice to wish for someone's death , but it'll be so sweet when this fucker finally croaks 
so scalia can't distinguish between groups like black , gays or women and groups like child abusers and pederasts 
it's 2015 . stop comparing lgbt people to criminals & pedophiles . even for scalia this hate is beyond the pale . 
ignoring the history of civil rights , scalia equates laws protecting my marriage to laws protecting child molesters . 
antonin scalia questions protections afforded to people ; says same logic could apply to child molesters . 
u.s. supreme ct justice scalia compares protecting people to protecting child molesters 
this language from scalia is irresponsible and hateful . i get you having a moral issue but supporting hate ... 
justice scalia reveals again that be doesn't seem to understand much of anything by comparing gays to child ... 
breaking : justice scalia is skeptical of carolene products footnote 4 . 
rt god bless justice scalia for presenting his anti-gay views in the most unattractive and unconvincing way possible . https :/ … 
uncharacteristic representation on nyt's part . scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
justice scalia is a sad , reprehensible , impotent man ; likens lgbtq+ protections to child molesters . via 
in news from the late 1700s : scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections :: via 
i used to think scalia had a great legal mind that i disagreed with . but really , he's just a smug asshole . 
rt justice scalia is not only an asshole , but one totally unaware of the world he lives in - 
fuck you - comparing legal protections of people to 
" you guys " being the comment section of free republic . | " i write the dissents for you guys " 
justice scalia equates rights to child molesters , can't trust this guy for giving people a fair hearing 
scalia sarcastically says lgbt protections could apply to child abusers , another " deserving minority . " 
scalia comparing gay rights protections to protecting child molesters . give me a break . via 
justice (?) antonin compares gays to child molesters 
more right-wing poison : ... 
. foremost in his life is his catholicism . he brings it to work w/him every day . 
" scalia expressed frustration with how little debate goes on when the justices meet in private to discuss and vote . " 
sometimes i can't tell if scalia is channeling trump or the other way around . 

paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syrian refugees into the u.s. 
mohandesdean : rt nytimes : paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syria … 

" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " 
on invading learns from howard dean's mistakes 
on invading iraq , bernie answers katie couric with vivid context & clear common sense . true foreign policy prowess ! 
first draft : on invading bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
first draft : on invading iraq , bernie sanders … 
just say no : on invading takes a cue from 2016 

reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect - new york times -- = 
rt reports of gunfire in suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect — via 

" i am setting out to inform people " : don lemon tries to explain away his awful and offensive reporting : 
don lemon doesn’t get offended 
don lemon : " i would like to have a judgment-free-zone place where we can go -- all of us -- and we can all talk . " 
rt don lemon said this . i'm just going to leave this here . 
" the best way to improve yourself is to improve yourself . " 
rt “ don lemon said this . im just going to leave this here ” ht … 
" i'd probably be a writer like james baldwin . " 
rt for those looking for the link : 
my comment on doesn’t get offended via 
don lemon thinks he could be jesus christ q : that sound you hear when don lemon talking ? a : 

republicans call for halt to syrian ... | 
to reject refugees is as bad as 1930s when us rejected jews fleeing saying they were communist spies 
rt house speaker paul ryan calls 4 halting syrian refugee program . it's now officially on the republican platform … 
paul ryan calls for halt to syrian refugee program 
republicans call for halt to human program - new york times 
also tuesday , two senators announced a push for a formal authorization of military force agains .. 
us house pressures obama to kill refugee plan 

mourners reflected in the bullet-pierced glass of le carillon in paris on tuesday 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 

how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia 

rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attacks … 
police say target of raids was belgian suspect 
the paris prosecutor’s office said that the target of raids in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis was ... 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing … 
rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the at … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attac … 
points : police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , th … 

storm system batters colorado and texas - - 
same storm blocked both co residents in the snow and brought tornadoes to tx tuesday 

" after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via " 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via nytopinion 

an african king in 
lost royalty ? 
this modest monarch can trace his lineage to west africa , where his ancestor prince uchicho was enslaved in 1820 . 
how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia via 
a simple , humble african king in bolivia 
new article in nytimes about the afro-bolivian king , julio pinedo ... 
just across from the touristic village of coroico , lives one of the remaining african kings !... 
rt jamesestrin : a simple , humble african king in bolivia nytimesphoto 
an african king and his wife , queen angelica , work in a small grocery store on the ground floor of their house in ... 
rt an african king in 
amazing story about african heritage in latin america : an africa king in bolivia 

what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis 

photos of the day 
rt retweeted the new york times ( photos of the day … 
i've always been a sucker for beautiful photos of the day 
photos of the day via 
the new york times photos of the day 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 

gawker to retool as politics site 
eugh . to ' retool ' as the daily show-style politics site 
gawker to retool as another dime a dozen far left political website . maybe soon owned by hulk hogan 
rt as gawker and its " journalists " enter their death spiral , we can only hope they take jezebel with them . … 
rt 🚨 exclusive : gawker will switch from covering new york & media and become a politics site 
gawker is said to retool as politics site 
. to retool as site 
certainly plenty of tools there with which to experiment . 
rt gawker is reportedly revamping itself into a politics driven site ok . 
wait io9 is shutting down ? or am i missing something ? 
rt sources : gawker to become politics site , about 10 people to lose jobs in gawker media revamp https : … 
shock horror : gawker is going political , jezebel to be a celeb gossip site . 
follow the money 
rt mt : to as 

the strategic limits of isis : 
the in reveal the strategic limits of 
the attacks in paris reveal the great article ... strategic limits of isis : 
oh , the complex webs we weave . 
although i don't think writer meant piece this way , it's an excellent argument for not doing very much about isis 
interesting analysis of why isis haven't been any country's enemy ( till now ) 
" much like al qaeda , isis has no support among the muslim people living in europe . it recruits only at the margins . " 
solid analysis of isis by olivier roy for the new york times 
wanr some perspective on isis and how idiculoysly complex the situation is and why there re no simple answers ?... 
france is perhaps alone in wanting and trying to annihilate isis . 
globalized terrorism isno more effective , strategically , than conducting aerial bombings without forces onthe ground 
" isis will hit the same wall as al qaeda : globalized terrorism is no more effective , strategically , than ... 
the attacks in reveal the strategic limits of by olivier roy 
rt oliver roy : france alone in wanting to defeat isis , everybody just wants to contain it . 

white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks 
white house affirms refugee plan despite paris attacks 
via nyt > middle east 

paris attacks give rise to fakes and misinformation 
not surprising : give rise to fakes and misinformation shared via social media via 
la razón's fake terrorist front page makes it into the new york times : 
give rise to fakes and misinformation , including mainstream media 
interesting read . paris attacks give rise to fakes and misinformation 
rt a look at the altered images , bogus tweets and odd theories that spread across the internet after the paris attacks https : … 
paris attacks give rise to misinfo 
" people will share anything online in order to share something online . " - 
read when terror strikes , count on new york times spending its resources debunking and not investigating conspiracy . 
this is undeniably true that on the internet , there is always something surprises you yet it's fake . 
give rise to and | via by 
fascinating read about misinformation in the aftermath of tragedies . 
paris attacks give rise to fakes & | by 
a terrible part about the tragedies : people spreading harmful misinformation about the attacks , about innocents . 
please stop re-posting things you see on fb without checking them first . even the most benign posts can be ... 
rt " crisis actors , " altered photos and fake tweets . beware of bogus paris attack stories : 

security forces swarmed a paris suburb during an early-morning raid 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 
charlie sheen : i paid blackmailers $10 million to keep quiet about my hiv . 
" “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen in an interview with matt lauer " 

after paris attacks , vilifying refugees 
refugees r often fleeing from violence : mt post , vilifying refugees 
" confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable " 
" confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided . " -- 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " timely editorial on opening up to refugees . https :/ … 
rt some refreshingly blunt words from editorial . 
rt after attacks , the rush to vilify @ new york times editorial 
isn't america in a catch 22 ? it must be a conundrum to argue for or agst battening down the hatches to stop terror . 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " important editorial : 
the nyt vilifying gop common sense , as usual 
“ slamming the door in their faces would be a betrayal of our values . " pres . obama is right . rt 
hooray for the refugees are fleeing terrorism and vilifying them is repugnant 
rt we must have the moral courage to open our arms . via 
rt nyt editorial board hits the mark : vilifying refugees after paris unacceptable 
rt post paris attacks , vilifying refugees editorial board : jeb's " idiotic " , pbo g20 response " just righ … 
" confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " and yes , it is that simple . 
" confusing refugees w/ terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 

a woman hiding out in an apartment in st. -denis was killed when she detonated an explosive vest 
rt a woman in was killed when she detonated an explosive vest during a raid , french officials said . … 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - new york times 
top story : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special fo … see more 
top story : retweets woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by spe … see more 
woman killed in raid after detonating explosive vest - diesel , a 7-yr-old police dog , also killed 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces — via nytimesworld@ 
woman detonates suicide vest in st-denis raid in paris via 
top woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
paris : updates on the terror attacks : paris : updates on the terror attacks ! 
rt woman killed in raid in paris ; three men captured by special forces . live updates : 
woman killed in raid . 5 suspects arrested . 
the raid in st. -denis brought major disruption to residents and commuters 
woman killed in raid via 

rt if you agree : refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 
international relations stories u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned … see more 
u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats ’ 
" many are fleeing extremism and terrorism – from the very people associated with the paris attacks . " 
it breaks my heart that the even has to make this statement : " refugees should not be scapegoats , " via 
live coverage | un agency says refugees should not be turned into ' scapegoats ' - new york times 
refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats’! unhcr statement says it all : 

a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials said 
a soccer match between and the was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat : 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , official … 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials s … 
points : a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled becau … 

well : eye twitches 
what causes eye twitches ? via 
an answer to a common question ! 
a reader asks , what causes eye twitches ? 
what causes the eye to twitch ? via 
why is my eye twitching ? via 
choice tidbit like our facebook page ... it's an education ! 
i have always wondered about this ... 

before every brit wets themselves in excitement over bombing isis in syria , it seems french airstrikes are for show . 
rt the barrage of french airstrikes didn't kill civilians , mostly hit empty buildings . … 
strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results 
are strikes on raqqa hurting is ? nytimes thinks not : strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results 
rt bombing for show ? us , syria , jordan , russia , now france : need revenge on isis ? drop a few bombs on raqqa ! syria https://… 
french and russian airstrikes on raqqa : more questions than answers . 
the airstrikes are renewing a debate about how effective such attacks can be in defeating or containing 
rt results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” - 30 hit mainly outskirts … 
strikes on raqqa : relatives say recent french airstrikes did not kill civilians , hitting empty areas and buildings - 
rt 1 . so if us can give france 10s of short-notice isis targets w/o killing civilians , why weren't they hit before ? … 
the shares my view that airstrikes on raqqa are not the right solution to battle the islamic state in syria 
strikes on raqqa in lead to more questions than results 
why , if there were confirmed is targets that could b hit w/o killing civilians , were they not hit more heavily betöre ? 
on how coalition air strikes in are leading to " more questions than results " : 
suggestion that bombing of raqqa is stage revenge . but who is the show for ? 

charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep it secret 
rt we hope . announcement finally quiets tabloids . should not be stigmatized ! 
rt charlie sheen says he has hiv and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret … 
rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 
rt charlie sheen said he paid people “ into the millions ” to stay quiet about his hiv diagnosis ht … 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " seriously ? sorry to say , but you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " really , mr. sheen ? you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
rt charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep his diagnosis secret 
charlie sheen's hiv status : cs says he paid mllions t keep it quiet puzzlng : have we moved on s/ ' 80s ? 
rt he felt like he needed to keep it a secret . we can end stigma together ! 
actor charlie sheen has confirmed that he is hiv positive : 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret 
the reputation doctor® comments on in 
rt who's to blame for outing charlie sheen and his hiv secret : media , ' mates ' or both ? new york times https://… 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
points : he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert ha … 

how global powers can smash 
the nyt is so full of shit . every time i think they might be improving i am disappointed within a few paragraphs . 
rt apparently the ny times didn't read your article ! envisioning how global powers can smash isis https : … 
how global powers can smash defining a strategy 
envisioning how the global powers can smash a brutal enemy . experts lay out competing strategies . 
“ envisioning how global powers can smash isis ” ( 
only force and reform can beat isis , experts say 
how to crush isis ? asks the experts . no consensus , but start with solution in syria 
expert : " a significant part of the islamic is infected with a tumor that is metastasizing ” 
insightful . scorched-earth policy solution is most effective for is indeed . 
best/smartest primer on policy options for combatting isis 
new york timest : how global powers can smash isis without reforming islam isis and like minded can't be crushed 
rt an essential read distilling the tough questions about how to smash isis - 
i really like this article on how to beat isis . 
as always - bombs won't solve the problem . some strategies on how to defeat isis 
how can we defeat isis ? | somehow , the gulf states seem to occupy a large part of this story 
“ he should understand his relatives will become accomplices , ” he said . - nyt beats war drum ( we win ) 
the allies paid a huge price to crush the nazis . it had to be done . it was done . the same goes for 
nytimesworld : rt danbilefsky : an essential read distilling the tough questions about how to smash isis - 

rt two of ben carson's top advisers say he's struggling to grasp foreign policy 
we can't be experts in everything . i can't perform brain surgery , but i wouldn't attempt it . 

first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
top story : retweets first same-sex marriage ceremony held i … see more 
first marriage held in 
marriage dreams coming true on the 
voters approved - here is the 1st ceremony . 
rt first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
first same-sex marriage in ireland today ! 
douglas dalby teaching things mum can't . 
lots of things are terrible , but this is not . the first same-sex marriage in ireland : 
first same-sex marriage ceremony in ireland 
[ josh and skinner sit down . ] josh , the language doesn't prohibit same-sex marriage . josh of course it does . 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 
points : angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had … 

charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of defiance 
live updates on the terror attacks investigation – via 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of d … — via 
how do folks feel about charlie hebdo's cover ? is it bold ? insensitive ? both ? i want to say both . 
les inrockuptibles , charlie hebdo and others remain defiant against extremism 
ahh i love the french so much . " they have weapons . screw them , we have champagne ! " 
. on the latest charlie hebdo cover , and the message of defiance in french media after 
cover junkie 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 

diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in 
rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in st. -denis 
rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in https … 
rt a police dog named diesel died in st. -denis raid 
long live diesel : via 
diesel , a 7-year-old police german shepherd , was killed during the raid in st. -denis 
police dog dies in raid in st. -denis — via nytimesworld 

quote of the day 

on campus : stories from new york times readers 
new york times readers were invited to describe their encounters with discrimination on campus , and tell what ... 
nyt story about " racism " on a campus includes no examples of students being excluded from academic classes/programs 
racism on campus : stories from readers . journalism prof is featured 
" [ faculty and student body are very diverse ... that makes a difference to how minorities feel on campus . " 
shoutout to prof . tom costello . rt : racism on campus : stories from ny times readers 
times readers talk about experiencing racism on their college campuses . add your comments . 
readers were invited to describe encounters with discrimination on campus . dozens shared their stories . 
racism on campus : stories from times readers 
racism on stories from new york times readers quotes ou professor thomas costello 
times readers describe encounters with bigotry and discrimination on college campuses across the united states . 
campus racism : nyt readers stories similar to being called fat , 4-eyes , etc . hurtful , but to call for resignations ? 
racism on campus : " last semester a makeshift noose was hung on my campus at the student center . " 
important , awful stories of racism on campus . 
racism on campus : stories from new york times … 

what will it take to destroy isis ? experts from around the world weigh in . 

belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbeek 
top story : retweets police raid house in troubled brussels … see more 
top police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - the new york t … see more 
police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - new york times 
- police raid house in troubled neighborhood — 
points : belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbe … 

the uncommon resilience of paris street life : 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
the streetlife of the blocks where the paris attacks took place is resilient : they were as busy 100yrs ago as today 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
100-yr-old postcards of paris terror sites show same streets & storefronts , treasured because so inviting 
" people still go out b/c going out is something that paris invites us to do . " fantastic piece via 
rt wonderful article by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life 
it is good to know after the paris attacks that life will continue as it has for more than a century in the ... 
paris invites you 2 " explore , take wrong turns , fall in love , protest & have a drink in the same places others have " 
" people still go out because going out is something that paris invites us to do . " vintage snaps of the 10e : 
a thoughtful piece on the architecture of paris streets and why senseless acts of terrorism won't change them : 
rue alibert , rue bichat and the bataclan as seen in beautiful vintage postcards via 

an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt the chief suspect in the paris attacks was wanted dead by his own family . 
rt 1st thing to know about abaaoud , mastermind of his own family want him dead . ht … 
chief suspect is an isis militant whose own family wished him dead 
if even your parents want you dead , it's safe to say you blew it . pun intended . ' militant abdelhamid abaaoud ' 
terrorist calls victims " spiteful and filthy french " . this might endear him to american 
rt first thing to know about abdelhamid abaaoud , target of this morning's paris raid : his own family wants him dead . https : … 
rt isis militant his own family wanted him dead by andrew higgins & 
an isis militant whose own family wanted him dead / nytimes 
" where he had grown up in a moderately successful family " strange . i thought poverty and desperation led to this . 
new york times portrays " innocence " on behalf of arabian immigrants who will turn europe into a non-white country . 
an militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
new jeff foxworthy routine ? " when your family wants you dead .... you might be a sociopath . " 
" all my life i have seen the blood of muslims flow " 
an from whose own family wanted him dead 

charlie hebdo's latest cover offers a message of defiance 

. is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
wait . dewey clarridge ( ex-cia ) is a " top advisor " to carson ?? carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy 
this has gotta be the oddest headline ever : 
ben is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
rt apparently , ben carson is immune to understanding the middle east . 
for real ? lol smh 
calling this article on ben carson's issues grasping foreign policy " the article of the week " 
his advisors leak that ben carson lacks " iota " of foreign policy understanding as strategy to sew up gop nomination — 
rt fascinatingly indirect way of reporting that man running for president and leading in some polls doesn't know shit . https … 
from duane clarridge , advisor to ben carson * starts slow clap * 
i know , let's give this guy the launch codes ! that'll turn out well ! 
" carson advisers discuss foreign policy struggles ... " 
rt ben carson struggling with foreign policy ben carson to be deregistered for having surgically r … 
rt wow . this quote about ben carson is not from a rival campaign , but his own adviser … 
> “ we need to have a conference call once a week , and we can make him smart " . it doesn't work like that 
ben carson struggling with foreign policy ben carson to be deregistered for having surgically removed his own brain . 
at least trump understands some foreign policy , carson has no idea what he's doing 
ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy . carson doesn't know which end is up . 
science and tech top story : ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , a … see more 
not sure which is more frightening - that or this nyt one on ben carson ! 
rt lost in the shock at this awful ben carson story : his top foreign policy advisor was indicted in iran/contra … 
rt this quite a shot at carson from his own adviser 
would be a disaster as commander & chief . " ben carson struggling to grasp foreign policy " advisers say 
omg - you really want . guy wit his finger on the nuclear button who not only doesn't know as much as your or i ,... 
twitter doctors ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy ,… see more 
rt ben carson's own advisers admit he's clueless on national security . hilarious but true story . 
so this is both amusing and totally unsurprising best part is its coming directly from carson advisors 
rt mt : foreign policy 
ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , ( his own ) advisers say 

rt this 3-week-old girl is the last known ebola patient in active treatment in the world … 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
“ i know it’s pathetic , but this was one of the things that allowed me to try to keep some hope , ” he said . 
escaping the bataclan with a bloodied drumstick — via 

we’re living longer . that’s great , except for social security . 
rt we’re living longer . that’s great , except for social security . - josh barro 
despite the political challenges , fixing social security is rather simple : take more money in , send less money out … 
not sexy , but can't be ignored in any election cycle . 
we're living longer . that's great , except for social security . 
we’re living longer . that’s great , except for via 
social security tinkering to make it work for our grandkids . 
by the numbers : we’re longer . that’s great , except for 
very clear take on security from via 

early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening - 
rt fewer men get screened for prostate cancer , and fewer cases are being found . is this good or bad ? time will tell . https : … 
pendulum swing - fewer men are being screened for prostate cancer , fewer early-stage cases are being detected 
early cases fall along with - - 
prostrate screenings drop coincides with lower number of cases . 
i don't agree with reduced screening it could be your life saved . decide based on the evidence of the screening . 
early prostate cases fall along with screening - - simple view , a psa test saved my life 
rt on the challenges of following medical guidelines - prostate cancer edition 
studies find declines in screening and early detection of 
rt declining rates from less due to caution - still screen young healthy men . https :/ … 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
i love he does a great job rt “ don lemon doesn't get offended ” 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

the is the of the - return to cafes in a show of defiance 
french return to cafes in a show of defiance ($) 
i'm tempted to get on a plane to paris & enjoy all the cafes i can for a week . " french return to cafes in defiance " 
french return to cafes in defiance via 
french return to cafés in a show of defiance --> 
returns to in a show of 
french crowd cafes to defy terror with a sip of wine 
heartwarming but this is custom , hardly " la resistance " 
i'll drink to that : french defy terror with a sip of wine . 
" we like to do what we want . that’s the french way . they’ll never kill that " 
rarely have espresso & cabernet meant so much . 
from ' fighting the good fight ' dept : french defy violent militants by going shopping : dubya approves this message 
“ we’re a little undisciplined . we’re a little irritating . we like to do what we want . that’s the french way ” 
" she is tossed by the waves , but does not sink " people are returning to cafes in 🍷 
french return to cafes as show of defiance parisian's show their strength of character and culture . toast to liberty 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

votes to block obama’s climate change rules 
sooty : senate rejects obama plan to cut emissions at coal-burning plants 
rt apropos of my post yesterday about a few gop senators who are apparently environmentally conscious : … 
that environmental protection agency rule , released in august , is the centerpiece of mr. obama’s efforts to ... 
senate votes to block obama’s change rules 
senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
rt the senate blocks president obama’s climate change rules . via … 
retweeted angela rae jones ( senate blocks obama’s climate change rules ... 
" by voting to block the rule , lawmakers want to telegraph to the world that congress does not back the ... 
new york times senate votes to block obama's climate change rules … via 
them committing suicide is one thing , but my children ????? senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
still in denial : senate blocks obama’s change rules via 
rt breaking -- still in denial : senate blocks obama’s rules via 
senate votes to block obama's climate change rules - new york times 
senate opposes obama's tough climate change policies 
" senate voted to block president obama’s climate change regulations , hoping to undermine his negotiating authority . " 
senate blocks regs . again . hey , backwards old men : ignoring a problem won't make it go away . via 
bashing can't do cost-benefit analysis , vote to block power plant rules 
is reporting regulations blocked . 

maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the bataclan concert hall 
remember maxime bouffard — via 
points : maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the batac … 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan mas … — via 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan massacre 

we should not give the gift of hate via 
what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 
updates on the 
rt : : updates on the 
the raid is over , but residents are advised to stay put . see all updates on our live blog : 
live paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
" what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis " from the new york times ( 
eddie 
retweeted the new york times ( what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 

nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 
nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus via nytimes 
nytimes : nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 

facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 
facebook’s french flag photo filter draws criticism 

your tuesday briefing 
start your day with : " your via 
your briefing 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

bobby jindal quits republican presidential race 
“ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time , ” - drops out via 
bobby quits presidential race third governor drops out , can the others be far behind ? 
now what am i supposed to do with all of these red and green " jindal all the way ! " sweaters ? 
rt days before the vitter-edwards vote , jindal drops out 
a bit more , with on the rise and fall of jindal > 
nytimes : jindal drops bid for the republican nomination one more drops out . who's next ? 
. quits presidential race via na na hey hey kiss him goodbye ! 
jindal quits republican presidential race “ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time , ” 12th of never 
gov . bobby jindal of louisiana , a onetime rising republican star whose popularity has plummeted in his own state ,... 
jindal : “ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time . ” 
bobbie jingles away . next ? " a bit more , with on the rise and fall of jindal > " 

our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
rt rt nytimes : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of … 
rt our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
points : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feas … 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate " there is hope 

i love brussels sprouts and these sliders look yummy . 
brussels sprouts sliders 
looking for a side dish or appetizer for the vegetarians at your celebration ? 

love brussels sprouts ? we have an idea for you . 

britain to close its coal-fired power stations by 2025 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 
nytimesarts : rt nytimes : must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . … 

french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking the public not to publicize the locations 
don't publicize police action on social media , say french police , it impedes operations 
french police ask people not to share locations of nationwide checkpoints they set up : 
🇺🇸 french police set up checkpoints all over france , but asking the public not to publicize the locations ( ny times ) 
points : french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking … 
nytimes : french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking the public not to publicize the loc … 

witness describes raid in st. -denis 
security forces swarm paris suburb via 

racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 
revjjackson : rt nytimes : racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 

what century-old photos from the sites of the paris attacks tell us about france's capital 

isis is likely responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria : 
the tragedy in paris is just one of many isis attacks on innocent civilians . has a timeline worth reading : 
rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 
rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 
rt quoted in article on isis and their " trilogy of terror " iraq/syria , their wilayats , & now capable cells … 
where isis has directed and inspired attacks around the world via 
paris bloodshed may be the latest of many isis attacks around the world 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , according to his advisers 

call to arms in amid hunt for suspects 
call to arms in france amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
rt belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack 
raid brussels area in search for terror suspect 
french version of usa patriot act “ … called on monday for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists . " 
the world salutes the french victims but nothing on the russian victims of the plane : double standard ... 
rt next you'll tell me this man isn't really belgian https : … 
rt it is critical that " war " on does not subvert democracy or become a crusade against muslims . … 
paris attacks plotted by belgian who fought for isis , french officials say 
so this sounds like the setup to something like l'acte de patriote 
nyt : president hollande calls for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists at home , 
belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack , official says 
on-the-run paris suspect salah abdeslam was stopped by the french police on saturday but was let go when his paper … 
hacker news - french president hollande seeks to amend constitution 
hollande seeks new legislation that would create more flexibility for combating 
" our democracy has prevailed over much more formidable opponents than these cowardly assassins , " mr. hollande ,... 
call to arms in amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspect in 
rt president hollande vows revocation of french citizenship for dual nationals convicted of terrorism http … 
abaaoud was already a suspect in a failed jan plot in belgium & aug plot 2 shoot passengers on paris-brussels train 
the mastermind leader of the paris attack was not syrian or middle eastern but belgian ! 
holland calls 4 new powers after paris attacks lets show isis whos boss by giving up our rights 
d'you suppose hollande will call it the " patriot act " , too ? " mr. hollande called for quick action by parliament ... 
rt if we continue to follow us & france foreign policy to absurdity , they should be bombing raqqa , brussels & chartres . ht … 
" france is at war . " -- president hollande . 
" terrorism will not destroy the republic , because it is the republic that will destroy it . " dat juxtaposition doe . 
french government turns up the heat on isis . what are the " exceptional " measures here ? civil liberties in trouble ? 
thoughts ? 
fr pres calls for const amendments that would give the gov flexibility to conduct raids without a warrant 
president hollande , what you are requesting is a slippery slope sir . 
hollande calls for new powers to ‘ eradicate ’ isis after paris attacks 
hollande calls for constitutional amendments to enable fight against terror . 
since when is changing the constitution to enable a police state not giving in to terror ? nyt-call to arms in france 
call to arms in france amid manhunt hollande seeks to amend constitution 
policing in america changed forever after 9/11 . the legislation france seeks for greater surveillance is frightening 
if getting to know incoming refugees was the solution , then it stands to reason that one's refugee family members ... 
police raids in france and belgium seek paris attack suspects 

an early-morning raid north of paris 
an early-morning raid north of paris : the french police conducted a raid in st. -denis aimed at detaining ... 

obama calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea 
" calls on beijing to stop construction in | nyt 
obama calls on beijing to stop construction in s . china sea - nytimes 
michael d . shear teaching things mum can't . 
calls on to stop construction in at start of summit discussing trade & climate 
obama : " halt further reclamation , new construction and militarization of disputed areas in the south china sea . " 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

" tous au bistrot ! " “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
love this : a rallying cry in paris : everyone to the bar ! via 
good food , wine , friendships , & laughter remind us once again why we do what we do <3 
for my " drink ! " students . a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
“ it will be an act of peaceful resistance ” 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ - the new york times 
one of the many ways that new yorkers and parisians are kindred spirits 
a very act of defiance . — “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : tous au bistrot ~ everyone to the local bar-restaurant ! 
that's the way to do it . " a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar ! " 
i'll drink to that ! 
parisian restaurant owners are calling for a very french act of defiance . tous au bistrot via 
you know the best way to stay alive ? you keep living . rallying call in paris , via 
let's stand in solidarity with these parisians ! get to the bar ! 
" go to a place where you can have a beer , some peanuts , a plate of sausages , anything " 
" “ everyone to the bar ! ” ... ( ... and have a white russian on me ...! ) 

facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis 
profile frozen , then restored , for user named 
lol the nyt doesn't know shit about archer 
be careful if you post a bob dylan song , folks 
points : facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis 

details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 
details for bataclan attack found on cellphone in paris trash can 
rt details for bataclan attack found on cellphone in paris trash can … — via 
cell phone left at bataclan belonged to one of the attackers 
rt : pls flw a … 
rt phone found in a trash can near the bataclan has a text signaling the beginnig of the … 
🇺🇸 details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can ( ny times ) 
attacker's phone found in paris garbage can . 9:42 pm fri . : " on est parti on commence . " " here we go , we're starting . " 
: pls flw all tw in string 
looks like they found cellphone belonging to one of bataclan attackers , in a trash can 
" here we go , we're starting " message on cellphone that could belong to attacker found in bin near bataclan hall . 

2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
global islamist terror : two air france flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over phoned bomb threats ... from usa 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over concerns 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over security concerns - new york times 
leia no > 2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over secur … see more 
2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over security concerns - 

what china has been building in the south china sea 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
nytimes : anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
victim’s husband tells terrorists , ‘ i will not give you the gift of hate ’ via 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
posted " victim’s husband tells terrorists " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
paris attacks : " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
rt it takes the grace of god to let go & let god ... 
a victim's spouse speaks love to hate 
victim's husband tells terrorists , ' i will not give you the gift of hate ' via thanks 

microsoft was once the epitome of everything wrong with security in technology . its products were so infested with v … 
sheds reputation as an easy mark for hackers 
" microsoft sheds reputation as an easy mark for hackers ” : i’m a mac user but i suspect that windows is more secure . 
no longer an easy mark for hackers 
" microsoft , once infested with security flaws , does an about-face " 
microsoft is a very different company than 20 or even 10 years ago . 
microsoft cio's " goal inside the company is to get rid of passwords " 
keep trying ms ! 
sheds reputation as an easy mark for time , don't you think 
an incredible read : how microsoft have developed their security to " best class " . 
every time i see mentioned in media , i think of your great pr work of 15 years ago . 
microsoft's u-turn on safety 
once the black sheep when it came to microsoft has worked hard to correct course : via 
explains why i'm still working there and more excited than ever under our new management - 
rt once infested with security flaws , does an about-face 
you can’t say i’m serious about security without exercising the regimen of keeping security top of mind every second 
microsoft , once infested with flaws , does an about-face 
has been far better in responding to hackers and scammers in my experience , than or 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

amazing 
thanksgiving recipes - nyt cooking 
looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative recipes a try ! 
let's see if my meal is edible this year . i try and try and try . 
new york times interactive thanksgiving menu planner 🦃 
getting lost in this thanksgiving meal planner feature . everything looks so good . ( maybe b/c it's dinner time rn ) 
our menu planner will help you craft the best thanksgiving for everyone at your table . 
build your go big or go home , i say : thanksgiving recipes 
how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . 
what are your upcoming thanksgiving plans ? will you be traveling or will travelers be visiting you in long beach ?... 
some people dread the harriedness of holidays . but i love spending hours pouring over magazine spreads of old ... 
you must take a look - it is interactive and so much fun ! ready ... steady ... go and plan that thanksgiving menu ! 
making this day great : the happier podcast and madness 
rt rt academykierland looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creati … 
rt rt azdavidcreed looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative … 
" thanksgiving for all " ->> sept . vogue , on newsstands near you . ( or online : ) 
getting ready for thanks to 
rt how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . https … 
hint . for all those who have invited me for t-day , please check out the menu & recipes . look forward to sharing ... 
how to make turkey + all the fixings ! ht 
can't wait to host next year in my home ! 

photos : an early-morning raid north of paris 

yahoo now under scrutiny by ny attorney general over its daily fantasy sports games . $yhoo http:// 
if they go after yahoo next , where is my team going to finish last next year ??? 
end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
yahoo is said to be added to inquiry on fantasy sites in new york 
end sought to fantasy football sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry > 
rt end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to … 
first & ... now !! 
yahoo added to new york inquiry into daily fantasy sports sites 
yahoo , yahoo ! has you in his crosshairs . 
top story today : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be a … see more 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company 
top story : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added t … see more 
ny state ag's expands investigation into fantasy sports as nothing more than " rebranded sports betting " 
tweet find : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added … see more 
nyt : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as new york attorney general issues subpoena 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as new york attorney general issues subpoena to company ( nytim … 
basically , it's just dressed up gambling hiding behind a fantasy sports cloak . 
leia no > end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is sa … see more 
ny ag subpoenas $yhoo in witch hunt , thinks playing fantasy sports isn't a victimless crime 
guessing that eric t . schneiderman dfs teams are the reason he's trying to end fantasy sites in new york ; 
end sought to fantasy sites in yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 

rt so to be clear : none of the 5 paris attackers identified so far is syrian . 
rt hitherto , intel on attackers frames french/belgian citizens , drug runners , criminals . * no refugees* > https :/ … 
rt all 5 id'd paris attackers eu citizens , have been in syria - among foreign fighters who colonized parts of syria . https://… 
now can we stop pretending that these are syrian refugees 
retweeted anne barnard ( all 5 id'd paris attackers eu citizens , have been in syria - among ... 
rt despite rhetoric , all paris attackers named so far are french . read : not migrants/refugees https … 
nytimes : rt abarnardnyt : so to be clear : none of the 5 paris attackers identified so far is syrian . … 
what we know about the paris attackers via thanks 
finding the links among the paris attackers 

the paris attackers : who were they ? 
paris attackers : who were they ? and why do we care abt ppl with shitloads of q's in their shitty names ? 
why would they do this ? painful 2 watch , important 2 know . the attackers the victims : 
who were the attackers in paris ? video . 
rt a snapshot of seven men suspected in the paris attacks . who were they ? by 
who are the paris attackers ? very informative video piece by my colleague 
prevention of radicalism ; possible only through cooperation w/ muslim immigrants paris attackers : who were they ? 

blatter and platini lose fifa appeals and remain suspended 
soccer , international federation of association football ( fifa ) , blatter , sepp , platini , michel via nyt 
sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 
sepp blatter , fifa’s president , and michel platini , president of the european soccer confederation , had challenged 90-day suspensions . 

after bloodshed , tv can be cathartic , or insensitive 
when tv turns itself off 
should tv networks cancel , postpone or rearrange their schedules in response to terrorist attacks ? 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " … 
when terrorists strike , television networks respond , sometimes sensitively and other times perhaps unnecessarily . 
rt great point by 
when broadcast tv self censors … " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares — communal , cathartic ... " 
should tv networks pull sensitive shows after a tragedy ? : “ we should not be surprised that extremists excoriate p … 
why terrorism-themed episodes shouldn't have been pulled 
amateur : nyt correction : " ... it is ' sex and the city , ' not ' sex in the city . '” 
3 ) " ... that allow us to conceive awful things at a safe remove . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 

this , from harry reid 
" congressional democrats cautiously defend refugee program " 
top dems defended refugee program but said they would withhold final judgment until a classified briefing on wed . 
first draft : congressional democrats cautiously … 
congressional democrats are cautiously defending the syrian refugee program 

followers that love soccer , this is worth time about the france-england friendly and what it means : 
france-england game is a friendly in every sense of the word 
“ la marseillaise ” during the friendly was uplifting to hear beyond any measure 
game is a in every sense of the word 
this france-england friendly game meant nothing , but nothing felt like everything . 
op-ed : < /span > explaining terror to children 
sometimes a friendly is just that . on england-france , which meant nothing but felt like everything . 
" the players had a duty to show the unstoppable tumble that is being alive . " 
friendly steeped in fraternity . all wembley sings “ la marseillaise ” at france-england match . sniff , 
this // normally , the visiting team’s anthem would be played first ; on this night , “ la marseillaise ” was played last 
france-england game was a friendly in every sense of the word 
lovely match report on a " friendly " between france and england 
lovely , lovely match report on france-england " friendly " 
france receives a friendly embrace in england 
thankful for capacity of sport to connect diverse communities & cultures , to unite , & to inspire resilience & hope 

thats why i did not change my profile picture as french flag 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality via 
as tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
top story : retweets as social media tributes pop up , so do … see more 
top as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality - th … see more 
my short post on fb's french flag debacle , and how the lebanese flag made it to profile pics without facebook's help 
social media tributes-complaints of inequality - helping all cries have the option to be heard — via 
why did blatantly ignore and do nothing when warned . 

storm system batters colorado and texas 

guinea , last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
fingers crossed : last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
we deserve some good news ! last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
rt nubia was born in an ebola unit to a mom who died after giving birth . “ she’s broken all records , this little girl " https … 
last known ebola patient worldwide getting treated is a 3-week old in guinea , which soon could be ebola-free . 
ny times : last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
a 3-week-old girl now recovering could be the final patient in an epidemic that killed more ... 

rt french return to cafes in a show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” … 
rt rt french return to cafes show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” https … 

in the aftermath of the attacks in the new york times has compiled useful information about what to ... 
what travelers can expect in 
“ the french need support now more than ever & want to return to normal life . ... not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
message to tourists : “ the french need support now more than ever , & leaving or not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
what can expect in 
here is a rundown on how hotels , airlines and cultural sites are accommodating travelers to paris 
also i wish i could give blood , but as a cancer survivor i believe i'm not allowed .... 
the best thing can do to help is to keep visiting paris and not be scared away . 
here is some helpful advice from the for anyone travelling to 
" the single best thing travelers can do to help is to stay in paris and to keep coming to the country . " 
great article 

ireland holds its first same-sex marriage ceremony 

no single missed key but many strands of 
rt isis was born out of america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army http … 
. returns to writing to offer a comprehensive look at rise of isis 
in rise of isis , by nyt's who knows iraq like few others 
good narrative history of isis - and the strands of blame along the way 
in rise of no single missed key but many strands of blame - the new york times 
rt " frankly , at the white house , it didn't meet the narrative . " intel wasted . in rise of isis , many strands of blame https :/ … 
roots of " in rise of no single missed key but many strands of blame " 
this piece on the rise of isis is required reading 
must-read on the rise of 
morning read : the rise of isis . ( basically isis 101 ) 
rt us war in middle east is vietnam 2.0 , a complete waste of us & me lives , & american taxpayer $ . https … 
a comprehensive account of the rise of 
the story to read that explains the rise of isis 
rt no single missed key but many strands of 
great piece on the " why " of isis ; violence for violence's sake 
the rise and strengthening of the islamic state . and what it might take to defeat it . 
explaining the rise of isis , by - 

rt marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
y esto es lo peligroso " le pen’s anti-islam speech gains influence in france " 
de lo peor ... marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france via nytimes 
nytimes : marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 

the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to residents and commuters 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
top story : retweets paris : updates on the terror attacks - … see more 
nytimes : the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to residents and commuters 
points : the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to resid … 

rt french police raid targets mastermind … 
french police raid targets mastermind 🇫🇷 
heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 

abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt nytimes : abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 
rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead http … 

is changing its focus 
nytimes : is changing its focus 
the anti-politico to focus on political news and away from gossip 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a sit ... 
is diversity a blind spot for a very interesting read - what's your take ? 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a site that pioneered the … 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a sit ... … 
drops weird news , four employees 
new york times gawker to retool as politics site new york times a site that pioneered the … 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ via 
cuts staff as site focuses on politics 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ 
politico : gawker media is changing 
my favorite website is 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on < b > politics < /b > a la ' daily show ' 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ' daily show ' : gawker . c ... 
rt in may 2015 , alleged o’reilly was accused of physically assaulting his ex-wife maureen m … 
breaking : will have massive lay offs . 

rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck , and why via 

rt after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via 
after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via nytopinion 
" after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via " = f 

the eiffel tower is closed again 
eiffel tower is closed once again - new york times 
it has been confirmed that the eiffel tower is closed due to a bomb threat 
eiffel tower is closed once again — via nytimesworld 
updates on paris . 
" responding to hatred with anger would be to fall to the same ignorance that made you the people you are . " a . leiris 

rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro 
rt aigriffin : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had batt … 
“ rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease ” sad day . such a great player 
nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 
rt sambhojwani : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had ba … 
rt oseibonsu53 : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had ba … 
rt abubasmaa : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had batt … 
rt photomeisterazr : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he ha … 
rt c_almonacid : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had ba … 
rt alonso2912 : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had bat … 
rt nowayho_za : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had bat … 
rt besjenna : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battl … 
rt fabimontielk : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had b … 

manhattan psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client - - 
psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client is the business ethical ? 
manhattan psychic admits taking over $550000 from lovelorn client - new york times 
you just can't make this shit up . $ 550,000 for psychic to raise the dead 
love is wasted on the young , money on the rich . 
how stupid can people be ? $us550 , ooo ! 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
your date/model . let's go somewhere exotic & try new things . book ... 
very useful timeline from nytimes . 
top story : retweets where isis claims it has struck , and wh … see more 
where claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck since october 3 , and why 
russell goldman and karen yourish teaching things mum can't . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 

finding the links among the paris attackers 
nbcinvestigates : rt nytimes : finding the links among the paris attackers 
finding the links among the paris attackers via 

“ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race 
rt nytimes : “ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race … 

message gains influence in 
you think she stopped by the elysee palace to measure for curtains ? le pen v hollande in 2017 ?... 
marine le pen’s anti-islam message in france don't get caught up in the political selfserving propaganda . 
marine le pen's anti-islam message gains influence in france - new york times 
... and this is an understatement , i'm sure 
no , the national front party : 
" this repeated connection — immigration equals islamism & terrorism — is playing powerfully in the minds of voters . " 

the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 

is changing its focus 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat | soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat — via 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover - new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat - new york times 
soccer - soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat - new york times 
it seems to have been a harmless package & some sort of threat 
web dsign 
seo website builder soccer stadiu ... 
police have found an ambulance packed with explosives outside soccer match in 
this is getting way too close . i work in this city and spend most of my days there . it's crazy .... 
hannover hannover stadium hosting germany-netherlands game evacuated ; game cancelled - richmond 😗😣 

a rallying cry in paris : " everyone to the bar ! " 
a rallying cry in paris : “ everyone to the bar ! ” 

rt the united nations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
lovers of live music , travelers to & co-runners of the family italian joint ; the 2 cousins at 

" they might have guns , but we have flowers " 
one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers 
motherlode blog : one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers 
one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers - the new york times 
what can we tell our kids in difficult times ? “ look for the flowers . ” 
some of us help . some bring flowers . some can't help but bring their fear . talking paris w/ kids 
rt i wasn't going to write " talking paris with kids " until i saw how beautifully this dad handled it : … 
" ... nous avons des fleurs " one on they might have guns , but we have via 
look for the helpers , appreciate the flowers , and don’t let fear stop you . via 
love vs hate-this parent chose love . filipinos did it first on 1986 . 

cease-fire and a political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , john kerry says . 
cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - - 
cease-fire and a political transition in crucial to defeating says . 
visiting france , kerry vows ' greater pressure ' on isis 
cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating says 
visiting france , kerry vows ‘ greater pressure ’ on isis 
sec . kerry states there will be more pressure on isis , from the world community 
. urges ceasefire - cease-fire & political transition in crucial to defeating kerry says 
yes , but what of pol future of irq ? " kerry : ceasefire & political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis " 
kerry says a cease-fire & political transition in syria crucial to defeat isis 
and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - new york times 
when love to come . cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating is ... 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
if you were wondering about lsu grad he sees himself more as a malcolm not martin 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

rt breaking news : two people died in a raid near paris , including one who blew herself up , and the police arrested 7 … 
2 die as french police seek paris attacks suspect ; 7 arrested in raid 
rt breaking news : french police , seeking the planner of friday’s attacks , arrested 5 people in a raid 
woman in explosive vest among 3 killed in police raid ... 
2 dead in paris raid seeking top suspect ; 7 arrested 
far be it from me to panic , but there are people just hanging out with suicide vests in the paris suburbs :| 
2 dead in paris raid seeking top suspect ; 7 arrested : two people were killed , including one who blew herself u ... 
leia no > police conduct raid near paris in search for planner … see more 
breaking : french assault pigeon rains hell on terrorists . more to come . 
2 dead in raid seeking top suspect ; 7 arrested | 
st. -denis raid last night was targeted based on " phone records , surveillances , and testimony , " paris prosecutor says 
' a friend of hers believed she had seen one of the wanted men ... on monday , " they did not dare to go to the police "' 
rt latest : 2 dead , 7 arrested in st. -denis raid seeking attack planner abdelhamid abaaoud . still unclear where he is . https://… 
in the raid to find belgian man , 2 die , including woman who sets off an explosive vest . 
police conduct raid near paris in search for planner of attacks ; 5 arrested - new york times 
" the passport was probably stolen , and the identity on the passport may be that of a dead syrian soldier " 
rt in explosive vest among 3 in raid ... 

after paris , who passes the ‘ commander in chief test’ ? 
leaving the democratic party after this election . fed up . 
social event stops : after area , who passes the ' physical object in chief problem solving' ? 
we may not want to politicize tragedies , but tragedies have political outcomes all the same . 

germany-netherlands match canceled over security concerns 
germany-netherlands soccer match canceled over security concerns 
germany cancels soccer match with netherlands 
ah nevermind , seems like it was just a " suspicious object " twitter messing with us . 
germany-netherlands match canceled , evidence of plans to detonate an explosive device in the stadium : 
germany cancels match with the netherlands over security concerns - - 
police chief says there was serious threat to city and stadium , including plan for explosion . 

rt beautiful ender in today's pictures of the day slideshow 
photos of the day 
a migrant boy with a thermal blanket on the shore of the greek island of lesbos 
rt women worshiped the setting sun while celebrating a hindu festival in mumbai . more photos https :/ … 
top story : pictures of the day : france and elsewhere - people gazed at bullet h … see more 

aung san suu kyi has moved toward dominance in myanmar . her words have become provocative . 
nytimes : aung san suu kyi has moved toward dominance in myanmar . her words have become provocative . … 

aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of dignified defiance , sounds a provocative note 
does respect for law include fidelity to a military-imposed constitution ? 
a symbol of dignified sounds provocative 
why tell us what she was wearing on her first day in parliament ?? 
aung san suu kyi , on the cusp of power , is sounding imperious . what kind of leader is she ? 
interesting insights to the leadership style of by 
aung san suu kyi wins " so far the military has been gracious in defeat , which stuns many burmese 
aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of sounds a provocative note 
burma's democracy icon , on the cusp of power , sounds provocative . how she will govern ? 
so happy to read the words of in again . his smart take on aung san suu kyi's rise in myanmar : 
aung san suu kyi , " the future is hers to shape . " by via 
a symbol of defiance , aung san suu kyi’s victory sets democracy example to asian neighbours 
rt seth mydans , long-time southeast asia hand , returns to the pages of the nyt for a profile of aung san suu kyi . https … 
rt after landslide election win , imperious style of burma's democracy hero raises questions about how she will govern . https :/ … 
ny times : long a symbol of dignified defiance , sounds a provocative note 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
heavy gunfire , suicide , as french police raid paris terror suspects ' way station / nytimes 
2 dead , 7 arrested in a raid this morning in a paris neighborhood . officials were targeting the mastermind behind ... 
heavy gunfire erupts as seek in raid 
second suspect in paris attacks sought . 
gunfire erupts as police seek suspects in raid 
paris attacks suspect was target of strikes on isis in syria 
second suspect is sought in paris attacks 

a return to living . a show of unity . france receives a friendly embrace in england 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 
live coverage | angela merkel says soccer match cancellation ' had to happen ' - new york times 

family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
annals of idaho : white conservatives also don't like it when their loved ones are shot and killed by the police 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
idaho ? you kidding me ? anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
anger and doubt rise after man’s encounter with 
good boy ; dindu nuffin . 
police are shooting good ol ' boys now . wonder if that will change any attitudes ? 
rt family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho ranch owner's fatal encounter with deputies 
idaho deputies fatally shot a local man and his small western town seeks his justice 
family of man by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man's fatal encounter with deputies - new york times 
family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it … 

rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 

your wednesday briefing 
your wednesday briefing - new york times 
your briefing - the new york times 
befote starting your day : wednesday briefing 
morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . 
rt it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . https : … 

what china has been building in the south china sea 
rt what china has been building in the south china sea 
concerning destruction of reefs for island expansion in the south china sea ... 
one way to destroy a coral reef in the progress name by china 
china is converting entire reefs to islands in just one year . yet , we can't finish velachery-taramani link road 
what has been building in the south china sea : via 
very interesting time lapse of what china is building in the south china sea & why it's bad for us/china relations : 
rt the united states sent a ship into disputed south china sea waters . more context on why : … 
" all is fair in love and war " -- john lyly . unfortunately china forgot that reefs are actual living breathing ... 
rt amazing graphics on this nyt story about the chinese efforts to claim the spratly islands : 

justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections ( 
so glad that in this time of hating muslims , scalia has found time to hate gay people too 
ignoring the history of civil rights , scalia equates laws protecting my marriage to laws protecting child molesters . 
well , this makes me so angry , i want to vomit : 
scalia's just being a troll here . because he hates to lose . and we're winning . via 
antonin scalia : supreme court justice questions constitutionality of gay rights protection scalia made his ... 
have you seen this ? i predict regressive left hashtag slacktivists asking for scalia to step down 
once again , it's the difference between the letter and the spirit of the thing . c'mon , scalia -- smell the coffee ! 
this dude is a turd . 
question - must remove poor treatment of gays from islam ? what about from christians here ? 
are you really going to compare it to pedophiles ? justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights via 
please file under “ headlines i wish i could unsee ” - 
realizing that people like these have doctorate degrees from harvard & yale proves education means nothing 
child abusers and pederasts hurt people . way to make analogies that don't work , scalia . via 
" ... mmmmm don't look at me , but , as i've said , it's unnatural ... and ... perverted also . " 
it's never nice to wish for someone's death , but it'll be so sweet when this fucker finally croaks 
so scalia can't distinguish between groups like black , gays or women and groups like child abusers and pederasts 
it's 2015 . stop comparing lgbt people to criminals & pedophiles . even for scalia this hate is beyond the pale . 
antonin scalia questions protections afforded to people ; says same logic could apply to child molesters . 
u.s. supreme ct justice scalia compares protecting people to protecting child molesters 
this language from scalia is irresponsible and hateful . i get you having a moral issue but supporting hate ... 
justice scalia reveals again that be doesn't seem to understand much of anything by comparing gays to child ... 
breaking : justice scalia is skeptical of carolene products footnote 4 . 
rt god bless justice scalia for presenting his anti-gay views in the most unattractive and unconvincing way possible . https :/ … 
uncharacteristic representation on nyt's part . scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
justice scalia is a sad , reprehensible , impotent man ; likens lgbtq+ protections to child molesters . via 
in news from the late 1700s : scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections :: via 
i used to think scalia had a great legal mind that i disagreed with . but really , he's just a smug asshole . 
rt justice scalia is not only an asshole , but one totally unaware of the world he lives in - 
fuck you - comparing legal protections of people to 
" you guys " being the comment section of free republic . | " i write the dissents for you guys " 
justice scalia equates rights to child molesters , can't trust this guy for giving people a fair hearing 
scalia sarcastically says lgbt protections could apply to child abusers , another " deserving minority . " 
scalia comparing gay rights protections to protecting child molesters . give me a break . via 
justice (?) antonin compares gays to child molesters 
rt more right-wing poison : ... 
. foremost in his life is his catholicism . he brings it to work w/him every day . 

paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syrian refugees into the u.s. 
mohandesdean : rt nytimes : paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syria … 

on invading sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " 
smart piece contrasting sanders and dean on invading iraq and ousting hussein . 
on invading learns from howard dean's mistakes 
on invading iraq , bernie answers katie couric with vivid context & clear common sense . true foreign policy prowess ! 
first draft : on invading bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
first draft : on invading iraq , bernie sanders … 
just say no : on invading takes a cue from 2016 

reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect - new york times -- = 
rt reports of gunfire in suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect — via 

" if you don’t make room for the possibility that you can be intolerant then there is a good chance that you are . " 
interviewer " how does someone get to be as self-accepting as you ? " , don lemon " what's the alternative ? " 
rt don lemon said this . i'm just going to leave this here . 
don lemon doesn’t get offended 
" i am setting out to inform people " : don lemon tries to explain away his awful and offensive reporting : 
don lemon : " i would like to have a judgment-free-zone place where we can go -- all of us -- and we can all talk . " 
" the best way to improve yourself is to improve yourself . " 
rt “ don lemon said this . im just going to leave this here ” ht … 
" i'd probably be a writer like james baldwin . " 
rt for those looking for the link : 
my comment on doesn’t get offended via 
don lemon thinks he could be jesus christ q : that sound you hear when don lemon talking ? a : 

rt house speaker paul ryan calls 4 halting syrian refugee program . it's now officially on the republican platform … 
republicans call for halt to syrian ... | 
to reject refugees is as bad as 1930s when us rejected jews fleeing saying they were communist spies 
paul ryan calls for halt to syrian refugee program 
republicans call for halt to human program - new york times 
also tuesday , two senators announced a push for a formal authorization of military force agains .. 
us house pressures obama to kill refugee plan 

mourners reflected in the bullet-pierced glass of le carillon in paris on tuesday 

french president françois hollande said he'll travel to washington next week to meet with president obama 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 

how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia 

rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attacks … 
police say target of raids was belgian suspect 
the paris prosecutor’s office said that the target of raids in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis was ... 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing … 
rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the at … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attac … 
points : police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , th … 

maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the bataclan concert hall 
remember maxime bouffard — via 
points : maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the batac … 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan mas … — via 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan massacre 

storm system batters colorado and texas - - 
same storm blocked both co residents in the snow and brought tornadoes to tx tuesday 

" after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via " 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via nytopinion 

an african king in 
an african king in bolivia via 
lost royalty ? 
this modest monarch can trace his lineage to west africa , where his ancestor prince uchicho was enslaved in 1820 . 
how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia via 
a simple , humble african king in bolivia 
new article in nytimes about the afro-bolivian king , julio pinedo ... 
just across from the touristic village of coroico , lives one of the remaining african kings !... 
rt jamesestrin : a simple , humble african king in bolivia nytimesphoto 
an african king and his wife , queen angelica , work in a small grocery store on the ground floor of their house in ... 
rt an african king in 
amazing story about african heritage in latin america : an africa king in bolivia 

what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis 

photos of the day 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 

gawker to become even less relevant to nyc journalists than it used to be . whoopie . 
rt to as ' site ' ... 
gawker to retool as politics site 
rebooting as a politics site 
shuttering io9 ? changing focus to politics ? wtf is happening at gawker right now ? 
rt speaking of people who love to blow denton , why does the times always let his friend ravi publish these hand jobs ? https :/ … 
i don’t understand gawkers repositioning . if politics writing brought clicks , buzzfeed wouldn’t need animal gifs . 
rt what if they don't wrap up ? to retool as politics site 
rt gawker is going to become a politics site : 
gawker will retool as a politics site ahead of the 2016 election . 
rt gawker will retool as a politics site ahead of the 2016 election . 
eugh . to ' retool ' as the daily show-style politics site 
gawker to retool as another dime a dozen far left political website . maybe soon owned by hulk hogan 
rt as gawker and its " journalists " enter their death spiral , we can only hope they take jezebel with them . … 
rt 🚨 exclusive : gawker will switch from covering new york & media and become a politics site 
gawker is said to retool as politics site 

the strategic limits of isis : 
the attacks in reveal the strategic limits of 
" the main actors in the middle east deem other enemies to be more important " 
rt nyt : regional players prioritize own interests over isis . turkey w/ pkk , kurds w/ autonomy+territory & saudis w/ iran https :/ … 
the in reveal the strategic limits of 
the attacks in paris reveal the great article ... strategic limits of isis : 
oh , the complex webs we weave . 
although i don't think writer meant piece this way , it's an excellent argument for not doing very much about isis 
interesting analysis of why isis haven't been any country's enemy ( till now ) 
" much like al qaeda , isis has no support among the muslim people living in europe . it recruits only at the margins . " 
solid analysis of isis by olivier roy for the new york times 
wanr some perspective on isis and how idiculoysly complex the situation is and why there re no simple answers ?... 
france is perhaps alone in wanting and trying to annihilate isis . 
globalized terrorism isno more effective , strategically , than conducting aerial bombings without forces onthe ground 
" isis will hit the same wall as al qaeda : globalized terrorism is no more effective , strategically , than ... 

white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks 
gop : obama refugee vetting “ doesn’t sound at all robust to me " white house affirms syrian refugee plan 
rt white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & … 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & humane 
white house affirms refugee plan despite paris attacks 
via nyt > middle east 

paris attacks give rise to fakes and misinformation 
not surprising : give rise to fakes and misinformation shared via social media via 
rumors , fake tweets , and a selfie of a canadian mistaken for a terrorist : beware of misinformation after big events 
la razón's fake terrorist front page makes it into the new york times : 
give rise to fakes and misinformation , including mainstream media 
rt a look at the altered images , bogus tweets and odd theories that spread across the internet after the paris attacks https : … 
paris attacks give rise to misinfo 
" people will share anything online in order to share something online . " - 
read when terror strikes , count on new york times spending its resources debunking and not investigating conspiracy . 
this is undeniably true that on the internet , there is always something surprises you yet it's fake . 
give rise to and | via by 
rt fascinating read about misinformation in the aftermath of tragedies . 
paris attacks give rise to fakes & | by 
a terrible part about the tragedies : people spreading harmful misinformation about the attacks , about innocents . 
please stop re-posting things you see on fb without checking them first . even the most benign posts can be ... 

security forces swarmed a paris suburb during an early-morning raid 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 
charlie sheen : i paid blackmailers $10 million to keep quiet about my hiv . 
" “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen in an interview with matt lauer " 

after " confusing refugees w/terrorists is morally unacceptable and ... misguided " interesting piece . 
" confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided . " -- 
rt refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees : 
refugees r often fleeing from violence : mt post , vilifying refugees 
rt after " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " timely editorial on opening up to refugees . https :/ … 
rt some refreshingly blunt words from editorial . 
rt after attacks , the rush to vilify @ new york times editorial 
isn't america in a catch 22 ? it must be a conundrum to argue for or agst battening down the hatches to stop terror . 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " important editorial : 
the nyt vilifying gop common sense , as usual 
“ slamming the door in their faces would be a betrayal of our values . " pres . obama is right . rt 
hooray for the refugees are fleeing terrorism and vilifying them is repugnant 
rt we must have the moral courage to open our arms . via 
rt nyt editorial board hits the mark : vilifying refugees after paris unacceptable 

rt a woman in was killed when she detonated an explosive vest during a raid , french officials said . … 
a woman hiding out in an apartment in st. -denis was killed when she detonated an explosive vest 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - new york times 
top story : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special fo … see more 
top story : retweets woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by spe … see more 
woman killed in raid after detonating explosive vest - diesel , a 7-yr-old police dog , also killed 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces — via nytimesworld@ 
woman detonates suicide vest in st-denis raid in paris via 
top woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
paris : updates on the terror attacks : paris : updates on the terror attacks ! 
rt woman killed in raid in paris ; three men captured by special forces . live updates : 
woman killed in raid . 5 suspects arrested . 
the raid in st. -denis brought major disruption to residents and commuters 
woman killed in raid via 

facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 
facebook’s french flag photo filter draws criticism 

a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials said 
a soccer match between and the was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat : 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , official … 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials s … 
points : a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled becau … 

well : eye twitches 
what causes eye twitches ? via 
an answer to a common question ! 
a reader asks , what causes eye twitches ? 
what causes the eye to twitch ? via 
why is my eye twitching ? via 
choice tidbit like our facebook page ... it's an education ! 
i have always wondered about this ... 

rt 1 . so if us can give france 10s of short-notice isis targets w/o killing civilians , why weren't they hit before ? … 
strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results 
french airstrikes on mostly hit " abandoned empty locations " 
strikes on in lead to more questions than results : via 
rt french airstrikes on raqqa in syria , very little tangible results : nyt -- anyone surprised ? 
rt 2 . and if not , then are they hitting civilians/accepting more risk of that ? or empty land/bldgs , bombing for show ? https :/ … 
before every brit wets themselves in excitement over bombing isis in syria , it seems french airstrikes are for show . 
rt the barrage of french airstrikes didn't kill civilians , mostly hit empty buildings . … 
rt bombing for show ? us , syria , jordan , russia , now france : need revenge on isis ? drop a few bombs on raqqa ! syria https://… 
french and russian airstrikes on raqqa : more questions than answers . 
rt results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” - 30 hit mainly outskirts … 
strikes on raqqa : relatives say recent french airstrikes did not kill civilians , hitting empty areas and buildings - 
the shares my view that airstrikes on raqqa are not the right solution to battle the islamic state in syria 
strikes on raqqa in lead to more questions than results 

rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 
rt we hope . announcement finally quiets tabloids . should not be stigmatized ! 
rt sheen paid millions to keep hiv secret - like we'd be shocked to know drug use , prostitutes had led to bad things http … 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep it secret 
the actor said he had known about the diagnosis for about four years but did not know how he contracted the virus . a … 
rt charlie sheen says he has hiv and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret … 
rt charlie sheen said he paid people “ into the millions ” to stay quiet about his hiv diagnosis ht … 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " seriously ? sorry to say , but you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " really , mr. sheen ? you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
rt charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep his diagnosis secret 
charlie sheen's hiv status : cs says he paid mllions t keep it quiet puzzlng : have we moved on s/ ' 80s ? 
rt he felt like he needed to keep it a secret . we can end stigma together ! 
actor charlie sheen has confirmed that he is hiv positive : 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret 
the reputation doctor® comments on in 
rt who's to blame for outing charlie sheen and his hiv secret : media , ' mates ' or both ? new york times https://… 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
points : he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert ha … 

experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
envisioning how global powers can smash isis 
rt today in sociopathy , ex-mossad goon with fragrant quote in nytimes . a syria slaughterhouse5 ! https … 
with this enemy , we have to push aside arguments on law , morality and the rights of the individual 
experts explain how to beat isis 
public has to see muslims as part of the solution to isis . 
an ultimate defeat of the group cannot happen without a reformation within islam , experts say , and that ... 
working together is the only answer . 
everyone talks about eradicating tell us what it would take . 
" there is an internal conflict within islam over the direction of the faith , with a radical strain that has ... 
rt an absolute must-read on a1 tomorrow about where isis came from , what it wants , and how to destroy it : … 
- envisioning how can smash isis 
putin wants to use collective punishment and destruction of sunni cities in iraq/syria . 
actual answers to the " what do we do about isis " question , ranging from plausible to repugnant . 
the top four ways to beat isis . 
much of the world agrees the islamic state must be crushed . but how that can be accomplished , and what the consequ … 
a thought provoking article detailing perspectives on how to defeat isis . no wonder a strategy is so hard to come by 
too bad no woman has thoughts on 
how global powers might smash extreme example of polarization worldwide including us 
" an ultimate defeat of [ isis ] cannot happen without a reformation within islam " 

rt two of ben carson's top advisers say he's struggling to grasp foreign policy 
we can't be experts in everything . i can't perform brain surgery , but i wouldn't attempt it . 

first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
" ireland’s first same-sex marriage ceremony was held tuesday in county tipperary after the new marriage ... 
top story : retweets first same-sex marriage ceremony held i … see more 
first marriage held in 
marriage dreams coming true on the 
voters approved - here is the 1st ceremony . 
rt first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
first same-sex marriage in ireland today ! 
douglas dalby teaching things mum can't . 
lots of things are terrible , but this is not . the first same-sex marriage in ireland : 
first same-sex marriage ceremony in ireland 
[ josh and skinner sit down . ] josh , the language doesn't prohibit same-sex marriage . josh of course it does . 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 
points : angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had … 

charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of d … — via 
charlie hebdo : “ screw them . we have champagne . ” 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of defiance 
live updates on the terror attacks investigation – via 
how do folks feel about charlie hebdo's cover ? is it bold ? insensitive ? both ? i want to say both . 
les inrockuptibles , charlie hebdo and others remain defiant against extremism 
ahh i love the french so much . " they have weapons . screw them , we have champagne ! " 
. on the latest charlie hebdo cover , and the message of defiance in french media after 
cover junkie 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 

diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in 
rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in the french national police said . … 
rt a police dog named diesel died in st. -denis raid 
rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in https … 

quote of the day 

racism on campus : stories by new york times readers . people lacking social awareness , empathy , relationship skills . 
on campus : stories from new york times readers 
yes . racism on campus isn't always blatant 
new york times readers were invited to describe their encounters with discrimination on campus , and tell what ... 
nyt story about " racism " on a campus includes no examples of students being excluded from academic classes/programs 
racism on campus : stories from readers . journalism prof is featured 
" [ faculty and student body are very diverse ... that makes a difference to how minorities feel on campus . " 
shoutout to prof . tom costello . rt : racism on campus : stories from ny times readers 
times readers talk about experiencing racism on their college campuses . add your comments . 
readers were invited to describe encounters with discrimination on campus . dozens shared their stories . 
racism on campus : stories from times readers 
racism on stories from new york times readers quotes ou professor thomas costello 
times readers describe encounters with bigotry and discrimination on college campuses across the united states . 
campus racism : nyt readers stories similar to being called fat , 4-eyes , etc . hurtful , but to call for resignations ? 
racism on campus : " last semester a makeshift noose was hung on my campus at the student center . " 

what will it take to destroy isis ? experts from around the world weigh in . 

belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbeek 
top story : retweets police raid house in troubled brussels … see more 
top police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - the new york t … see more 
police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - new york times 
- police raid house in troubled neighborhood — 
points : belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbe … 

uk closing coal mines & plants ending coal-tech subsidies 
britain to close coal-fired power plants by 2025 
this is a triumph of technology ( abc/anything but coal ) as much as political will/vision . 
this political announcement brought to you by rise of gas & renewables (+stubborn nukes ) 
arthur scargill , call your office ! 
britain will say " cheerio " to all coal-fired power plants ... by 2025 
analysts in new york times say uk's plans to close all plants could be " a decade could be too hasty . " 
britain to close coal-fired power stations by 2025 . 
the announcement , ahead of the united nations conference on climate change planned for paris this month , appeared … 
the u . k . ' s ambitious -- if unrealistic ? -- plan to drop coal from its energy mix . by 
britain to close its coal-fired power stations by 2025 
the announcement , ahead of the united nations conference on climate change planned for paris this month , appeared aimed at reducing carbon dioxide emissions . 

the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
the uncommon resilience of paris street life : 
the streetlife of the blocks where the paris attacks took place is resilient : they were as busy 100yrs ago as today 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
100-yr-old postcards of paris terror sites show same streets & storefronts , treasured because so inviting 
" people still go out b/c going out is something that paris invites us to do . " fantastic piece via 
rt wonderful article by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life 
it is good to know after the paris attacks that life will continue as it has for more than a century in the ... 
paris invites you 2 " explore , take wrong turns , fall in love , protest & have a drink in the same places others have " 
" people still go out because going out is something that paris invites us to do . " vintage snaps of the 10e : 
a thoughtful piece on the architecture of paris streets and why senseless acts of terrorism won't change them : 
rue alibert , rue bichat and the bataclan as seen in beautiful vintage postcards via 

a must-read about the family of the isis militant wanted in the paris attacks wanted him dead 
rt paris mastermind's sister : " praying that abdelhamid really is dead " isis militant whose own family wanted him dead … 
rt 1st thing to know about abaaoud , mastermind of his own family want him dead . ht … 
an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt the chief suspect in the paris attacks was wanted dead by his own family . 
isis militant whose own family wanted him dead deeply reported & a great read 
rt first thing to know about abdelhamid abaaoud , target of this morning's paris raid : his own family wants him dead . https : … 
chief suspect is an isis militant whose own family wished him dead 
the monster behind the attacks in france . 
" an isil militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead " via 
rt new jeff foxworthy routine ? " when your family wants you dead .... you might be a sociopath . " 

charlie hebdo's latest cover offers a message of defiance 

this article about ben carson's lack of foreign policy experience is fantastic . 
utter lack of foreign policy knowledge is outdone by his poor judgment in advisers . 
" ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say " 
ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say | his own people threw him under the bus 
carson advisor : “ nobody's been able to sit down w/him & have him get one iota of intelligent info abt the middle east ” 
history plays first as tragedy , then as farce : is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
rt this quite a shot at carson from his own adviser 
rt this was on the record ?!? 
nytimes : carson is struggling on foreign policy , aides say 
why would " advisers " do this to their own candidate ?! ben carson struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
carson struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say if you want war w/o knowing why 
rt wait . dewey clarridge ( ex-cia ) is a " top advisor " to carson ?? carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy … 
rt ben carson's own advisers say he's having a hard time understanding foreign policy … 
advisors admit he lacks " one iota of intelligence information about the middle east " despite their efforts . 
rt wow . this quote about ben carson is not from a rival campaign , but his own adviser … 
rt this is carson's own advisor , on the record . 
this duane r . clarridge dude sounds like the worst campaign advisor of all time . 
carson's top adviser : nobody is able to have him get " one iota of intelligent information about the middle east " 
this is a teachable moment . whether carson weathers this will tell us all we need to know re ' 16 gop electorate . 
1/x duane clarridge helps ben carson on foreign policy : he can't grasp ' one iota of intelligent info about mideast . ’ 
. ben carson’s own advisors say he’s a dullard on foreign policy . 
rt ben is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
rt top carson aides admit candidate's failings on foreign policy : briefings needed to " make him smart , ” by http … 
ben struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say || given global tensions , ridiculous people support him 
is struggling to grasp advisers say 
rt earnest question here , but is there a database ( or chart ) tracking the top natsec guys advising gop candidates ? … 
" leadership " would be firing the aide who throws you under the bus-ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy 
ben carson is pretty dumb for a neurosurgeon . 
facepalm emoji required - ben carson struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say - and struggling is charitable 
tech news people top story : ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , a … see more 

rt this 3-week-old girl is the last known ebola patient in active treatment in the world … 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
“ i know it’s pathetic , but this was one of the things that allowed me to try to keep some hope , ” he said . 
escaping the bataclan with a bloodied drumstick — via 

we’re living longer . that’s great , except for social security . 
we’re living longer . that’s great , except for via 
despite the political challenges , fixing social security is rather simple : take more money in , send less money out … 
not sexy , but can't be ignored in any election cycle . 
we're living longer . that's great , except for social security . 
social security tinkering to make it work for our grandkids . 
by the numbers : we’re longer . that’s great , except for 
very clear take on security from via 

early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening 
studies find declines in screening and early detection of 
less screening & less early detection of prostate cancer : declines could have public health implications ( nyt ) 
early cases fall along with - - 
why significant , concerning that early stage prostate cancer cases are falling as screening drops ? that's the point 
rt fewer men get screened for prostate cancer , and fewer cases are being found . is this good or bad ? time will tell . https : … 
pendulum swing - fewer men are being screened for prostate cancer , fewer early-stage cases are being detected 
prostrate screenings drop coincides with lower number of cases . 
i don't agree with reduced screening it could be your life saved . decide based on the evidence of the screening . 
early prostate cases fall along with screening - - simple view , a psa test saved my life 
rt on the challenges of following medical guidelines - prostate cancer edition 

" morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . " 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
i love he does a great job rt “ don lemon doesn't get offended ” 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

return to cafes in a show of defiance 
parisians find the perfect -- and perfectly french - way of responding to the terrorists . 
" we are as free as the air . " 
french return to cafes in defiance via 
i'll drink to that : french defy terror with a sip of wine . 
" still , they are french , and defiance seems to course through their veins . " 
" what better way to declare the endurance of france than to live it up at a cafe ? " here's from paris . 
paris returns to life as normal 
i'm tempted to get on a plane to paris & enjoy all the cafes i can for a week . " french return to cafes in defiance " 
french return to cafés in a show of defiance --> 
returns to in a show of 
french crowd cafes to defy terror with a sip of wine 
heartwarming but this is custom , hardly " la resistance " 
" we like to do what we want . that’s the french way . they’ll never kill that " 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
rejects epa regs , but lacks veto-proof supermajority 
votes to block obama’s climate change rules 
symbolic potus will veto need congress vote on mental assessment senate votes to block obama’s climate change rules 
senate can block climate-change rules . they voted yesterday to do so . that's 1 of the reasons y it's up to us to act . 
2015 is hottest year on record so senate votes to block obama’s rules 
rolls coal ; cuts off route to cutting power plant emissions . 
senate-passed bill to cripple won't become law -- white house has promised president obama will veto 
rt the senate blocks president obama’s climate change rules . via … 
to block rules 
sooty : senate rejects obama plan to cut emissions at coal-burning plants 
rt apropos of my post yesterday about a few gop senators who are apparently environmentally conscious : … 
that environmental protection agency rule , released in august , is the centerpiece of mr. obama’s efforts to ... 
senate votes to block obama’s change rules 
" by voting to block the rule , lawmakers want to telegraph to the world that congress does not back the ... 
new york times senate votes to block obama's climate change rules … via 
still in denial : senate blocks obama’s change rules via 
rt breaking -- still in denial : senate blocks obama’s rules via 
senate votes to block obama's climate change rules - new york times 
senate opposes obama's tough climate change policies 
rt " senate voted to block president obama’s climate change regulations , hoping to undermine his negotiating authority . " https :/ … 
senate blocks regs . again . hey , backwards old men : ignoring a problem won't make it go away . via 

watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terror attacks . 
watch live : obama holds news conference 
nytpolitics : watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terr … 
watching live @ notre dame cathedral in paris , a memorial service 
live now . 
watch live : memorial service at cathedral of notre-dame 
paris under siege -- watch live here 
watch live : attacks in paris - the new york times 
watch live footage from the paris suburb of st. -denis after a raid aimed at detaining a suspect in friday's attacks 
watch live : scene in st. -denis after raid 
live footage from the paris suburb of st-denis after french police launched a raid wednesday aimed at detaining a suspect in friday’s attacks . 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 
updates on the 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
we should not give the gift of hate via 
nytimesworld : updates on the 
the raid is over , but residents are advised to stay put . see all updates on our live blog : 
" what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis " from the new york times ( 
eddie 
retweeted the new york times ( what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 

nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 
nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus via nytimes 
nytimes : nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 

rt if you agree : refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 
international relations stories u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned … see more 
u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats ’ 
" many are fleeing extremism and terrorism – from the very people associated with the paris attacks . " 
it breaks my heart that the even has to make this statement : " refugees should not be scapegoats , " via 
live coverage | un agency says refugees should not be turned into ' scapegoats ' - new york times 
refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats’! unhcr statement says it all : 

your tuesday briefing 
start your day with : " your via 
your briefing 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

race 
rt race 
“ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time , ” - drops out via 
now what am i supposed to do with all of these red and green " jindal all the way ! " sweaters ? 
rt days before the vitter-edwards vote , jindal drops out 
rt a bit more , with on the rise and fall of jindal > 
nytimes : jindal drops bid for the republican nomination one more drops out . who's next ? 
gov . bobby jindal of louisiana , a onetime rising republican star whose popularity has plummeted in his own state ,... 
jindal : “ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time . ” 
bobbie jingles away . next ? " a bit more , with on the rise and fall of jindal > " 

our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
rt rt nytimes : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of … 
rt our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
points : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feas … 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate " there is hope 

i love brussels sprouts and these sliders look yummy . 
brussels sprouts sliders 
looking for a side dish or appetizer for the vegetarians at your celebration ? 

what travelers can expect in paris 

blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in rugby 
rt daniellancaste8 : rt kiisplay : nytimes sport : rugby : blending size and speed , jonah lom … 
rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro 
the former all black , who died wednesday at 40 , was “ a freight train in ballet shoes ” with the ability to either run past a defender or bowl through him . 

love brussels sprouts ? we have an idea for you . 

is changing its focus 
nytimes : is changing its focus 

britain to close its coal-fired power stations by 2025 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 
nytimesarts : rt nytimes : must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . … 

french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking the public not to publicize the locations 
don't publicize police action on social media , say french police , it impedes operations 
french police ask people not to share locations of nationwide checkpoints they set up : 
🇺🇸 french police set up checkpoints all over france , but asking the public not to publicize the locations ( ny times ) 
points : french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking … 

witness describes raid in st. -denis 
security forces swarm paris suburb via 

racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 
revjjackson : rt nytimes : racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 

what century-old photos from the sites of the paris attacks tell us about france's capital 

rt the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 
rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 
rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january 
the tragedy in paris is just one of many isis attacks on innocent civilians . has a timeline worth reading : 
isis is likely responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria : 
isis responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria- updated for paris attacks ( via 
rt quoted in article on isis and their " trilogy of terror " iraq/syria , their wilayats , & now capable cells … 
where isis has directed and inspired attacks around the world via 
paris bloodshed may be the latest of many isis attacks around the world 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , according to his advisers 

call to arms in france amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
rt false reports of gunfire during vigil highlights the anxiety in paris . more news here : … 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspects 
rt belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack 
raid brussels area in search for terror suspect 
french version of usa patriot act “ … called on monday for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists . " 
the world salutes the french victims but nothing on the russian victims of the plane : double standard ... 
rt next you'll tell me this man isn't really belgian https : … 
rt it is critical that " war " on does not subvert democracy or become a crusade against muslims . … 
paris attacks plotted by belgian who fought for isis , french officials say 
so this sounds like the setup to something like l'acte de patriote 
nyt : president hollande calls for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists at home , 
belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack , official says 
on-the-run paris suspect salah abdeslam was stopped by the french police on saturday but was let go when his paper … 
hacker news - french president hollande seeks to amend constitution 
hollande seeks new legislation that would create more flexibility for combating 
" our democracy has prevailed over much more formidable opponents than these cowardly assassins , " mr. hollande ,... 
call to arms in amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspect in 
rt president hollande vows revocation of french citizenship for dual nationals convicted of terrorism http … 
abaaoud was already a suspect in a failed jan plot in belgium & aug plot 2 shoot passengers on paris-brussels train 
the mastermind leader of the paris attack was not syrian or middle eastern but belgian ! 
holland calls 4 new powers after paris attacks lets show isis whos boss by giving up our rights 
d'you suppose hollande will call it the " patriot act " , too ? " mr. hollande called for quick action by parliament ... 
rt if we continue to follow us & france foreign policy to absurdity , they should be bombing raqqa , brussels & chartres . ht … 
" france is at war . " -- president hollande . 
" terrorism will not destroy the republic , because it is the republic that will destroy it . " dat juxtaposition doe . 
french government turns up the heat on isis . what are the " exceptional " measures here ? civil liberties in trouble ? 
thoughts ? 
fr pres calls for const amendments that would give the gov flexibility to conduct raids without a warrant 
president hollande , what you are requesting is a slippery slope sir . 
hollande calls for new powers to ‘ eradicate ’ isis after paris attacks 
hollande calls for constitutional amendments to enable fight against terror . 
since when is changing the constitution to enable a police state not giving in to terror ? nyt-call to arms in france 
call to arms in france amid manhunt hollande seeks to amend constitution 
policing in america changed forever after 9/11 . the legislation france seeks for greater surveillance is frightening 
if getting to know incoming refugees was the solution , then it stands to reason that one's refugee family members ... 
police raids in france and belgium seek paris attack suspects 

an early-morning raid north of paris 
an early-morning raid north of paris : the french police conducted a raid in st. -denis aimed at detaining ... 

obama calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea 
rt obama calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea 
obama calls on beijing to stop construction in south china … 
organo gold obama calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea - new york … >> 
john cusack calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

" tous au bistrot ! " “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
love this : a rallying cry in paris : everyone to the bar ! via 
good food , wine , friendships , & laughter remind us once again why we do what we do <3 
for my " drink ! " students . a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
“ it will be an act of peaceful resistance ” 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ - the new york times 
one of the many ways that new yorkers and parisians are kindred spirits 
a very act of defiance . — “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : tous au bistrot ~ everyone to the local bar-restaurant ! 
that's the way to do it . " a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar ! " 
i'll drink to that ! 
parisian restaurant owners are calling for a very french act of defiance . tous au bistrot via 
you know the best way to stay alive ? you keep living . rallying call in paris , via 
let's stand in solidarity with these parisians ! get to the bar ! 
" go to a place where you can have a beer , some peanuts , a plate of sausages , anything " 
" “ everyone to the bar ! ” ... ( ... and have a white russian on me ...! ) 

facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis 
profile frozen , then restored , for user named 
isn’t worth sharing this ? : 
facebook profile frozen , then restored , for user named isis — via 
lol the nyt doesn't know shit about archer 
be careful if you post a bob dylan song , folks 
points : facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis 

refugees across europe fear repercussions from paris attacks 
refugees fear repercussions i exist thanks to refugee asylum . urge yr governors to keep states open . ❤ ️ 
rt across europe fear repercussions from attacks make them feel safe at home https : … 
across fear repercussions from 
“ when i heard about paris , i was crying , ” mr. aryubi said . “ why ? this was happening in afghanistan ” 
" right now , i think of my future and i'm scared " : refugees across europe fear repercussions from the paris attacks 
after fleeing their homeland to escape war and islamist extremism , many now find that their long trek to the continent may offer no guarantee of protection . 

details for bataclan attack found on cellphone in paris trash can 
details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 
we are very lucky that the french authorities found this cellphone 
details for bataclan attack found on cellphone in paris trash can … — via nytimesworld 
cell phone left at bataclan belonged to one of the attackers 
rt : pls flw a … 
rt phone found in a trash can near the bataclan has a text signaling the beginnig of the … 
🇺🇸 details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can ( ny times ) 
attacker's phone found in paris garbage can . 9:42 pm fri . : " on est parti on commence . " " here we go , we're starting . " 
: pls flw all tw in string 
looks like they found cellphone belonging to one of bataclan attackers , in a trash can 

2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
new york times most viewed stories : 2 air france planes are diverted from paris ari pregen 
global islamist terror : two air france flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over phoned bomb threats ... from usa 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over concerns 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over security concerns - new york times 
leia no > 2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over secur … see more 
2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over security concerns - 

what china has been building in the south china sea 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
nytimes : anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
victim’s husband tells terrorists , ‘ i will not give you the gift of hate ’ via 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
posted " victim’s husband tells terrorists " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
paris attacks : " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
rt it takes the grace of god to let go & let god ... 
a victim's spouse speaks love to hate 
victim's husband tells terrorists , ' i will not give you the gift of hate ' via thanks 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

thanksgiving recipes - nyt cooking 
yummy recipes for thanksgiving from the new york times ! 
the thanksgiving recipes are up . i feel stuffed just looking at them ! - nyt cooking 
amazing 
looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative recipes a try ! 
let's see if my meal is edible this year . i try and try and try . 
new york times interactive thanksgiving menu planner 🦃 
getting lost in this thanksgiving meal planner feature . everything looks so good . ( maybe b/c it's dinner time rn ) 
our menu planner will help you craft the best thanksgiving for everyone at your table . 
build your go big or go home , i say : thanksgiving recipes 
how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . 
what are your upcoming thanksgiving plans ? will you be traveling or will travelers be visiting you in long beach ?... 
some people dread the harriedness of holidays . but i love spending hours pouring over magazine spreads of old ... 
you must take a look - it is interactive and so much fun ! ready ... steady ... go and plan that thanksgiving menu ! 
making this day great : the happier podcast and madness 
rt rt academykierland looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creati … 
rt rt azdavidcreed looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative … 
" thanksgiving for all " ->> sept . vogue , on newsstands near you . ( or online : ) 
getting ready for thanks to 
rt how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . https … 
hint . for all those who have invited me for t-day , please check out the menu & recipes . look forward to sharing ... 
how to make turkey + all the fixings ! ht 
can't wait to host next year in my home ! 

photos : an early-morning raid north of paris 

top story : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added t … see more 
end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
avoid bloomberg businessweek if you crave accuracy . yahoo info here : 
marissa mayer must think illegal gambling and socially irresponsible activities like this are okay if they make $$ . 
end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to … 
end sought to fanduel and draftkings in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
looks like yahoo might be swept up in the fight between new york and daily fantasy sports sites fanduel/draftkings 
yahoo now under scrutiny by ny attorney general over its daily fantasy sports games . $yhoo http:// 
end sought to sites in is said to be added to inquiry 
if they go after yahoo next , where is my team going to finish last next year ??? 
yahoo is said to be added to inquiry on fantasy sites in new york 
end sought to fantasy football sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry > 
rt end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to … 
first & ... now !! 
yahoo added to new york inquiry into daily fantasy sports sites 
yahoo , yahoo ! has you in his crosshairs . 
top story today : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be a … see more 
rt source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company … 
ny state ag's expands investigation into fantasy sports as nothing more than " rebranded sports betting " 
tweet find : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added … see more 

rt so to be clear : none of the 5 paris attackers identified so far is syrian . 
what we know about the paris attackers 
rt most of the paris attackers were home grown , so 
so let's be clear , governors : none of the paris attackers have been identified as syrian or refugees 
rt every person implicated so far in the paris attacks has been a french or belgian citizen . none is a syrian migrant . https :/ … 
finding the links among the attackers via 
rt 2 dead in raid seeking top planner | updated : finding the links among the paris attackers https://… 
the manhunt for the paris attackers 

the paris attackers : who were they ? 
paris attackers : who were they ? and why do we care abt ppl with shitloads of q's in their shitty names ? 
why would they do this ? painful 2 watch , important 2 know . the attackers the victims : 
who were the attackers in paris ? video . 
rt a snapshot of seven men suspected in the paris attacks . who were they ? by 
who are the paris attackers ? very informative video piece by my colleague 
prevention of radicalism ; possible only through cooperation w/ muslim immigrants paris attackers : who were they ? 

blatter and platini lose fifa appeals and remain suspended 
soccer , international federation of association football ( fifa ) , blatter , sepp , platini , michel via nyt 

when tv turns itself off 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " … 
when tv turns itself off we are a bit too sensitive at times . 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares " - when tv turns itself off via 
rt new : on tragedy , terrorism dramas and why pulp entertainment is not just appropriate but necessary . 
james on why the tendency of tv nets to pull episodes that echo terrorist attacks isn't necessarily good 
after bloodshed , tv can be cathartic , or insensitive 
should tv networks cancel , postpone or rearrange their schedules in response to terrorist attacks ? 
when terrorists strike , television networks respond , sometimes sensitively and other times perhaps unnecessarily . 
rt great point by 
when broadcast tv self censors … " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares — communal , cathartic ... " 
should tv networks pull sensitive shows after a tragedy ? : “ we should not be surprised that extremists excoriate p … 
why terrorism-themed episodes shouldn't have been pulled 
amateur : nyt correction : " ... it is ' sex and the city , ' not ' sex in the city . '” 

so apparently terrorists like to carry around their passports of how they've illegally obtained entrance into a ... 
" congressional democrats cautiously defend refugee program " 
this , from harry reid 
top dems defended refugee program but said they would withhold final judgment until a classified briefing on wed . 
first draft : congressional democrats cautiously … 

france-england game is a friendly in every sense of the word 
last night's france vs . england redefined the meaning of a football ( soccer ) ' friendly ' 
followers that love soccer , this is worth time about the france-england friendly and what it means : 
“ la marseillaise ” during the friendly was uplifting to hear beyond any measure 
game is a in every sense of the word 
this france-england friendly game meant nothing , but nothing felt like everything . 
op-ed : < /span > explaining terror to children 
sometimes a friendly is just that . on england-france , which meant nothing but felt like everything . 
" the players had a duty to show the unstoppable tumble that is being alive . " 
friendly steeped in fraternity . all wembley sings “ la marseillaise ” at france-england match . sniff , 
this // normally , the visiting team’s anthem would be played first ; on this night , “ la marseillaise ” was played last 
france-england game was a friendly in every sense of the word 
lovely match report on a " friendly " between france and england 
lovely , lovely match report on france-england " friendly " 
france receives a friendly embrace in england 
thankful for capacity of sport to connect diverse communities & cultures , to unite , & to inspire resilience & hope 

as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality 
facebook french flag profile picture change erupts inequality discussion via 
damned if you do , damned if you don't! complaints of inequality for french flag filter . via 
thats why i did not change my profile picture as french flag 
as tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
top story : retweets as social media tributes pop up , so do … see more 
my short post on fb's french flag debacle , and how the lebanese flag made it to profile pics without facebook's help 
social media tributes-complaints of inequality - helping all cries have the option to be heard — via 
why did blatantly ignore and do nothing when warned . 
facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? fact-checks him . 
did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? nytpolitics fact-checks him . … 
i have no words . there you go 

storm system batters colorado and texas 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 

rt french return to cafes in a show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” … 
rt rt french return to cafes show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” https … 

how can tourists help ? : " stay in and to keep coming to the country " via 
in the aftermath of the attacks in the new york times has compiled useful information about what to ... 
what travelers can expect in 
“ the french need support now more than ever & want to return to normal life . ... not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
message to tourists : “ the french need support now more than ever , & leaving or not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
what can expect in 
here is a rundown on how hotels , airlines and cultural sites are accommodating travelers to paris 
also i wish i could give blood , but as a cancer survivor i believe i'm not allowed .... 
the best thing can do to help is to keep visiting paris and not be scared away . 
here is some helpful advice from the for anyone travelling to 
" the single best thing travelers can do to help is to stay in paris and to keep coming to the country . " 
great article 

ireland holds its first same-sex marriage ceremony 

in rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame 
epic must-read by on the rise of the islamic state , studded with details and insight on missed signals . 
rt isis was born out of america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army http … 
rise of many strands of blame 
isis flag found in 2008 — early signal of the group’s rise . my look at the group’s rebirth . 
2008 , iraq . an obscure flag in a tiny village . the roots of isis , an nyt special feature : 
like getting a college-level course in a single story : on isis , its origins , missed signals and prospects 
rt in rise of isis , by nyt's who knows iraq like few others 
“ the concept was that if you just leave the is alone , it would destroy itself , and so you didn’t need to do much . ” 
rt isis was born out of america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army htt … 
ian fisher teaching things mum can't . 
excellent , careful account of the rise and transformation of isis : no single missed key but many strands of blame 
in rise of “ i’m not saying bombing attacks are useless , and they probably have some limited value . " 
do only a few of us read these reports ? in rise of isis , no single missed key many strands of blame 
rt on isis remember that solutions to deal with local sunni grievances not the same as for foreign psychopaths … 
great summary on rise of isis " no single missed key but many strands of blame " from the by 
demand more from your leaders , email them . hoping nothing bad will happen is not good enough . 
isis was born out of an american prison in iraq . read narrative on their rise 
money quote from here 
in rise of no single missed key but many strands of blame 

rt marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
y esto es lo peligroso " le pen’s anti-islam speech gains influence in france " 
de lo peor ... marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france via nytimes 
nytimes : marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 

the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to residents and commuters 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
top story : retweets paris : updates on the terror attacks - … see more 
nytimes : the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to residents and commuters 
points : the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to resid … 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
rt french police raid targets mastermind … 
french police raid targets mastermind 🇫🇷 

facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 
rt : nytimes : facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 
facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 

is changing its focus 
will morph into a site focused on politics , its founder and top editor said . 
my favorite website is 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ 
nytimes : is changing its focus 
the anti-politico to focus on political news and away from gossip 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a sit ... 
is diversity a blind spot for a very interesting read - what's your take ? 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a site that pioneered the … 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a sit ... … 
drops weird news , four employees 
new york times gawker to retool as politics site new york times a site that pioneered the … 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ via 
cuts staff as site focuses on politics 
politico : gawker media is changing 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on < b > politics < /b > a la ' daily show ' 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ' daily show ' : gawker . c ... 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
" family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it was murder " 
annals of idaho : white conservatives also don't like it when their loved ones are shot and killed by the police 
anger and doubt rise after man’s encounter with 
good boy ; dindu nuffin . 
police are shooting good ol ' boys now . wonder if that will change any attitudes ? 
rt family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho ranch owner's fatal encounter with deputies 
idaho deputies fatally shot a local man and his small western town seeks his justice 
family of man by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man's fatal encounter with deputies - new york times 

eagles of death metal make first statement on paris attacks 
' .. love overshadows evil . ' eaglesofdeathmetal make 1st statement since 
eagles of death metal make first statement since paris attacks . 
the band eagles of death metal makes a statement on the paris attacks . read it in full : 
the band , which was headlining at the bataclan on friday when gunmen stormed the venue , said on facebook that members were still trying to process what happened . 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck , and why via 

rt after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via 
after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via nytopinion 
" after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via " = f 

the eiffel tower is closed again 
eiffel tower is closed once again - new york times 
it has been confirmed that the eiffel tower is closed due to a bomb threat 
eiffel tower is closed once again — via nytimesworld 
updates on paris . 
" responding to hatred with anger would be to fall to the same ignorance that made you the people you are . " a . leiris 

rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 
rt aigriffin : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had batt … 
“ rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease ” sad day . such a great player 
nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 
rt sambhojwani : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had ba … 
rt oseibonsu53 : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had ba … 
rt abubasmaa : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had batt … 
rt photomeisterazr : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he ha … 
rt c_almonacid : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had ba … 
rt alonso2912 : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had bat … 
rt nowayho_za : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had bat … 
rt besjenna : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battl … 

manhattan psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client - - 
it's amazing how stupid people are . psychics are con artists . 
psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client is the business ethical ? 
manhattan psychic admits taking over $550000 from lovelorn client - new york times 
you just can't make this shit up . $ 550,000 for psychic to raise the dead 
love is wasted on the young , money on the rich . 
how stupid can people be ? $us550 , ooo ! 

" morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . " 

amazon has overcome doubts about whether scale would mean profit , and prime is the key , writes 
how amazon’s long game yielded a retail juggernaut 
. stock story is illustration not only of long-term thinking but also of how bezos uniquely trained wall st. 
on amazon and retail ... " the thing about retail is , the consumer has near-perfect information , " said paul vogel , an a … 
how amazon’s long game yielded a juggernaut 
" what has been key to this rise ... is patience . in a very old-fashioned manner , one that is far out of step with a co … 
how long game yielded a retail juggernaut 
one analyst predicts that in 5 years , 50% of american households will have joined amazon prime 
. is becoming an unstoppable force in retail thanks to patient growth : for 
great article from on $amzn . it will take years for anyone to catch up . $wmt 
" amazon’s enormous investments in infrastructure and logistics have begun to pay off " 
keys to amazon’s success ? patience , prime , and aws 
" mr. has already won the game . " 
how amazon's long game yielded a retail juggernaut - new york times 
emphasis on the long game in a market focused on quarterly or annual numbers ... 
rt amazon web services could soon be worth $160bn as a stand-alone company . that’s more valuable … 
" it is difficult to resist marveling at the way mr. bezos has built his indomitable shopping machine . " 
amazon web services could soon be worth $160bn as a stand-alone company . that’s more valuable than intel . 
nyt : macquarie securities predicts that by 2020 , 50 percent of american households will have joined amazon prime . 
can anybody catch up to amazon ? probably not ! can anybody beat amazon ? probably yes , but only in targeted segments o … 
jeff bezos bucked the trend of seeking shor t-t erm results to create an addictive shopping experience few can match . and his newer enterprise is a blockbuster , too . 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
your date/model . let's go somewhere exotic & try new things . book ... 
very useful timeline from nytimes . 
top story : retweets where isis claims it has struck , and wh … see more 
where claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck since october 3 , and why 
russell goldman and karen yourish teaching things mum can't . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 

finding the links among the paris attackers 
nbcinvestigates : rt nytimes : finding the links among the paris attackers 
finding the links among the paris attackers via 

“ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race 
rt nytimes : “ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race … 

message gains influence in 
terrifying : marine le pen's gaining more of an audience post- 
history repeating itself ? 
you think she stopped by the elysee palace to measure for curtains ? le pen v hollande in 2017 ?... 
marine le pen’s anti-islam message in france don't get caught up in the political selfserving propaganda . 
marine le pen's anti-islam message gains influence in france - new york times 
... and this is an understatement , i'm sure 
no , the national front party : 
" this repeated connection — immigration equals islamism & terrorism — is playing powerfully in the minds of voters . " 

the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 

is changing its focus 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - the new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat | soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat — via 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover - new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat - new york times 
soccer - soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat - new york times 
it seems to have been a harmless package & some sort of threat 
web dsign 
seo website builder soccer stadiu ... 
police have found an ambulance packed with explosives outside soccer match in 
this is getting way too close . i work in this city and spend most of my days there . it's crazy .... 

a rallying cry in paris : " everyone to the bar ! " 
a rallying cry in paris : “ everyone to the bar ! ” 

rt the united nations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins — via 
lovers of live music , travelers to & co-runners of the family italian joint ; the 2 cousins at 

" they might have guns , but we have flowers " 
one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers via 
love love this video : one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers 
one parent , on they might have guns , but we have flowers 
what can we tell our kids in difficult times ? “ look for the flowers . ” 
some of us help . some bring flowers . some can't help but bring their fear . talking paris w/ kids 
rt i wasn't going to write " talking paris with kids " until i saw how beautifully this dad handled it : … 
" ... nous avons des fleurs " one on they might have guns , but we have via 
look for the helpers , appreciate the flowers , and don’t let fear stop you . via 
love vs hate-this parent chose love . filipinos did it first on 1986 . 

cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - - 
cease-fire and a political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , john kerry says . 
cease-fire and a political transition in crucial to defeating says . 
visiting france , kerry vows ' greater pressure ' on isis 
cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating says 
visiting france , kerry vows ‘ greater pressure ’ on isis 
sec . kerry states there will be more pressure on isis , from the world community 
. urges ceasefire - cease-fire & political transition in crucial to defeating kerry says 
yes , but what of pol future of irq ? " kerry : ceasefire & political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis " 
kerry says a cease-fire & political transition in syria crucial to defeat isis 
and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - new york times 
when love to come . cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating is ... 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
if you were wondering about lsu grad he sees himself more as a malcolm not martin 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

2 die as french police seek paris attacks suspect ... 
2 dead in paris raid seeking top suspect ; 7 arrested 
2 dead in paris raid seeking top suspect ; 7 arrested : two people were killed , including one who blew herself u ... 
2 die as french seek attacks suspect ; 7 arrested in raid 
rt breaking news : two people died in a raid near paris , including one who blew herself up , and the police arrested 7 … 
rt 2 dead in paris raid seeking top suspect ; 7 arrested 
rt breaking news : french police , seeking the planner of friday’s attacks , arrested 5 people in a raid 
police conduct raid near paris in search for planner of attacks ; 5 ... 
the paris attacks required careful planning around weapons , transportation , communications and logistics 
rt a female suspect kills herself by activating her suicide belt , another terrorist suspect is killed by a police ... … 
they recognized the " people " who bombed " paris and did not inform the police . witness describes raid in st. -denis 
lilia blaise , liz alderman and aurelien breeden teaching things m … 
2 as seek suspect ; 7 arrested in raid 
2 die as french police seek suspect ; 7 arrested in raid - 
2 die as police seek paris attacks suspect ; 7 arrested in raid 
rt “ they did not dare to go to the police ” our most powerful weapon in this fight is a r'ship of trust w/ the community h … 
woman in explosive vest among 2 killed in french police raid ... 
invented internet . did create isis with his retort : " it depends on what the meaning of is is " ? 

reupping this from yesterday : how 2016 may mirror 2004 on national security 
after paris , who passes the ‘ commander in chief test’ ? 
leaving the democratic party after this election . fed up . 
social event stops : after area , who passes the ' physical object in chief problem solving' ? 
we may not want to politicize tragedies , but tragedies have political outcomes all the same . 

germany-netherlands match canceled over security concerns 
germany-netherlands soccer match canceled over security concerns 
germany cancels soccer match with netherlands 
ah nevermind , seems like it was just a " suspicious object " twitter messing with us . 
germany-netherlands match canceled , evidence of plans to detonate an explosive device in the stadium : 
germany cancels match with the netherlands over security concerns - - 
police chief says there was serious threat to city and stadium , including plan for explosion . 

fact checks of the 2016 election 
love nyt fact checking what the candiates saying for the next us pres election . 
did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? fact-checks him . 
the new york times will be checking assertions made throughout the 2016 presidential campaign . 

rt beautiful ender in today's pictures of the day slideshow 
photos of the day 
a migrant boy with a thermal blanket on the shore of the greek island of lesbos 
rt women worshiped the setting sun while celebrating a hindu festival in mumbai . more photos https :/ … 
top story : pictures of the day : france and elsewhere - people gazed at bullet h … see more 

aung san suu kyi has moved toward dominance in myanmar . her words have become provocative . 
nytimes : aung san suu kyi has moved toward dominance in myanmar . her words have become provocative . … 

aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of dignified defiance , sounds a provocative note 
does respect for law include fidelity to a military-imposed constitution ? 
a symbol of dignified sounds provocative 
why tell us what she was wearing on her first day in parliament ?? 
aung san suu kyi , on the cusp of power , is sounding imperious . what kind of leader is she ? 
interesting insights to the leadership style of by 
aung san suu kyi wins " so far the military has been gracious in defeat , which stuns many burmese 
aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of sounds a provocative note 
burma's democracy icon , on the cusp of power , sounds provocative . how she will govern ? 
so happy to read the words of in again . his smart take on aung san suu kyi's rise in myanmar : 
aung san suu kyi , " the future is hers to shape . " by via 
a symbol of defiance , aung san suu kyi’s victory sets democracy example to asian neighbours 
rt seth mydans , long-time southeast asia hand , returns to the pages of the nyt for a profile of aung san suu kyi . https … 
rt after landslide election win , imperious style of burma's democracy hero raises questions about how she will govern . https :/ … 
ny times : long a symbol of dignified defiance , sounds a provocative note 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
belgian suspect in paris had been target of strikes on isis in syria 
heavy gunfire , suicide , as french police raid paris terror suspects ' way station / nytimes 
2 dead , 7 arrested in a raid this morning in a paris neighborhood . officials were targeting the mastermind behind ... 
heavy gunfire erupts as seek in raid 
second suspect in paris attacks sought . 
heavy gunfire erupts as police seek suspects in raid 
paris attacks suspect was target of strikes on isis in syria 
second suspect is sought in paris attacks 

microsoft , once infested with security flaws , does an about-face 
. sheds reputation as an easy mark for hackers 
once infested with security flaws , is ... a little better . 
security threats continue to be in the top of everyone's minds . as it should be . 
sharing the auto links popping and linksexploaded under the rainbow !! 
good news for microsoft ... 
microsoft goes from worst to first in security <- includes talk about the need to eliminate passwords - 
microsoft was once the epitome of everything wrong with security in technology . its products were so infested with v … 
no longer an easy mark for hackers 
microsoft is a very different company than 20 or even 10 years ago . 
microsoft cio's " goal inside the company is to get rid of passwords " 
keep trying ms ! 
sheds reputation as an easy mark for time , don't you think 
an incredible read : how microsoft have developed their security to " best class " . 
every time i see mentioned in media , i think of your great pr work of 15 years ago . 

rt house speaker paul ryan calls 4 halting syrian refugee program . it's now officially on the republican platform … 
republicans call for halt to syrian ... | 
to reject refugees is as bad as 1930s when us rejected jews fleeing saying they were communist spies 
paul ryan calls for halt to syrian refugee program 
republicans call for halt to human program - new york times 
also tuesday , two senators announced a push for a formal authorization of military force agains .. 
us house pressures obama to kill refugee plan 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 
live coverage | angela merkel says soccer match cancellation ' had to happen ' - new york times 

rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 

rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 

your wednesday briefing 
your wednesday briefing : here’s what you need to know to start your day . 
your wednesday briefing - new york times 

boko haram is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
boko haram suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
rt hey are you going to declare war on boko haram too ? 
shared a link 
another attack . evidence for thesis that displaced rebels/terrorists likelier to target civilians 
boko haram , gop governors suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
is suspected after explosion in kills 32 
sigh . 
terror striking around the world after paris attacks - " boko haram is suspected after exp … 
is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 via 
terrorism doesn't hit only western countries ! boko haram is suspected after explos° in nigeria kills 32 
the blast occurred at 8 p.m. at a market filled with shoppers stocking up on fruits and vegetables for dinner . " 
so ... there's this . 
boko haram is suspected in a deadly explosion at a nigerian market filled with shoppers stocking up for dinner 
the blast occurred in the city of yola on tuesday night at a market filled with shoppers stocking up on fruit and vegetables for dinner . 

sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 
nytimes : sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . 
rt it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . https : … 

what china has been building in the south china sea 
concerning destruction of reefs for island expansion in the south china sea ... 
one way to destroy a coral reef in the progress name by china 
china is converting entire reefs to islands in just one year . yet , we can't finish velachery-taramani link road 
what has been building in the south china sea : via 
very interesting time lapse of what china is building in the south china sea & why it's bad for us/china relations : 
rt the united states sent a ship into disputed south china sea waters . more context on why : … 
" all is fair in love and war " -- john lyly . unfortunately china forgot that reefs are actual living breathing ... 
rt amazing graphics on this nyt story about the chinese efforts to claim the spratly islands : 

justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections ( 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections , says why not child molesters ? via 
nope . we're done here . justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections 
so glad that in this time of hating muslims , scalia has found time to hate gay people too 
ignoring the history of civil rights , scalia equates laws protecting my marriage to laws protecting child molesters . 
well , this makes me so angry , i want to vomit : 
scalia's just being a troll here . because he hates to lose . and we're winning . via 
antonin scalia : supreme court justice questions constitutionality of gay rights protection scalia made his ... 
have you seen this ? i predict regressive left hashtag slacktivists asking for scalia to step down 
once again , it's the difference between the letter and the spirit of the thing . c'mon , scalia -- smell the coffee ! 
this dude is a turd . 
question - must remove poor treatment of gays from islam ? what about from christians here ? 
are you really going to compare it to pedophiles ? justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights via 
please file under “ headlines i wish i could unsee ” - 
realizing that people like these have doctorate degrees from harvard & yale proves education means nothing 
child abusers and pederasts hurt people . way to make analogies that don't work , scalia . via 
" ... mmmmm don't look at me , but , as i've said , it's unnatural ... and ... perverted also . " 
it's never nice to wish for someone's death , but it'll be so sweet when this fucker finally croaks 
so scalia can't distinguish between groups like black , gays or women and groups like child abusers and pederasts 
it's 2015 . stop comparing lgbt people to criminals & pedophiles . even for scalia this hate is beyond the pale . 
antonin scalia questions protections afforded to people ; says same logic could apply to child molesters . 
u.s. supreme ct justice scalia compares protecting people to protecting child molesters 
this language from scalia is irresponsible and hateful . i get you having a moral issue but supporting hate ... 
justice scalia reveals again that be doesn't seem to understand much of anything by comparing gays to child ... 
breaking : justice scalia is skeptical of carolene products footnote 4 . 
rt god bless justice scalia for presenting his anti-gay views in the most unattractive and unconvincing way possible . https :/ … 
uncharacteristic representation on nyt's part . scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
justice scalia is a sad , reprehensible , impotent man ; likens lgbtq+ protections to child molesters . via 
in news from the late 1700s : scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections :: via 
i used to think scalia had a great legal mind that i disagreed with . but really , he's just a smug asshole . 
rt justice scalia is not only an asshole , but one totally unaware of the world he lives in - 
fuck you - comparing legal protections of people to 
" you guys " being the comment section of free republic . | " i write the dissents for you guys " 
justice scalia equates rights to child molesters , can't trust this guy for giving people a fair hearing 
scalia sarcastically says lgbt protections could apply to child abusers , another " deserving minority . " 
scalia comparing gay rights protections to protecting child molesters . give me a break . via 

paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syrian refugees into the u.s. 
mohandesdean : rt nytimes : paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syria … 

on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " by patrick healy via 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " by patrick healy via nyt 
on invading sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
smart piece contrasting sanders and dean on invading iraq and ousting hussein . 
on invading learns from howard dean's mistakes 
on invading iraq , bernie answers katie couric with vivid context & clear common sense . true foreign policy prowess ! 
first draft : on invading bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
first draft : on invading iraq , bernie sanders … 
just say no : on invading takes a cue from 2016 

reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect - new york times -- = 
rt reports of gunfire in suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect — via 

don lemon doesn’t get offended 
rt horrified or amused this is a great read . brava don lemon doesn’t get offended 
rt don lemon said this . i'm just going to leave this here . 
interviewer " how does someone get to be as self-accepting as you ? " , don lemon " what's the alternative ? " 
" if you don’t make room for the possibility that you can be intolerant then there is a good chance that you are . " 
" i am setting out to inform people " : don lemon tries to explain away his awful and offensive reporting : 
don lemon : " i would like to have a judgment-free-zone place where we can go -- all of us -- and we can all talk . " 
" the best way to improve yourself is to improve yourself . " 
rt “ don lemon said this . im just going to leave this here ” ht … 
" i'd probably be a writer like james baldwin . " 
rt for those looking for the link : 
my comment on doesn’t get offended via 
don lemon thinks he could be jesus christ q : that sound you hear when don lemon talking ? a : 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

mourners reflected in the bullet-pierced glass of le carillon in paris on tuesday 

french president françois hollande said he'll travel to washington next week to meet with president obama 

soon to be declared free - 
for the first time since march 2014 , no one is known to have ebola . 
guinea , last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
fingers crossed : last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
we deserve some good news ! last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
rt nubia was born in an ebola unit to a mom who died after giving birth . “ she’s broken all records , this little girl " https … 
last known ebola patient worldwide getting treated is a 3-week old in guinea , which soon could be ebola-free . 
ny times : last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
a 3-week-old girl now recovering could be the final patient in an epidemic that killed more ... 

how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia 

rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attacks … 
police say target of raids was belgian suspect 
the paris prosecutor’s office said that the target of raids in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis was ... 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing … 
rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the at … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attac … 
points : police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , th … 

maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the bataclan concert hall 
remember maxime bouffard — via 
points : maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the batac … 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan mas … — via 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan massacre 

storm system batters colorado and texas - - 
" storm system batters colorado and texas " by dave montgomery and christine hauser via 
same storm blocked both co residents in the snow and brought tornadoes to tx tuesday 

" after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via " 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via nytopinion 

an african king in 
an african king in marvelous , tragic photographs ... 
this modest monarch can trace his lineage to west africa , where his ancestor prince uchicho was enslaved in 1820 . 
an african king in lbolivia 
lost royalty ? 
how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia via 
a simple , humble african king in bolivia 
new article in nytimes about the afro-bolivian king , julio pinedo ... 
just across from the touristic village of coroico , lives one of the remaining african kings !... 
rt jamesestrin : a simple , humble african king in bolivia nytimesphoto 
an african king and his wife , queen angelica , work in a small grocery store on the ground floor of their house in ... 
rt an african king in 
amazing story about african heritage in latin america : an africa king in bolivia 

what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis 
boingboing : rt nytimes : what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis … 

photos of the day 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 

gawker to retool as politics site 
ahead of the 2016 elections , plans to retool as political site what are your thoughts ? 
to retool as politics site via 
gawker is said to retool as politics site 
internet journalism news : to retool as politics site 
plans to shift its focus from media to politics . 
gawker will now become a political news site . via 
gawker to become even less relevant to nyc journalists than it used to be . whoopie . 
rt to as ' site ' ... 
rebooting as a politics site 
shuttering io9 ? changing focus to politics ? wtf is happening at gawker right now ? 
rt speaking of people who love to blow denton , why does the times always let his friend ravi publish these hand jobs ? https :/ … 
i don’t understand gawkers repositioning . if politics writing brought clicks , buzzfeed wouldn’t need animal gifs . 
rt what if they don't wrap up ? to retool as politics site 
rt gawker is going to become a politics site : 
gawker will retool as a politics site ahead of the 2016 election . 
rt gawker will retool as a politics site ahead of the 2016 election . 
eugh . to ' retool ' as the daily show-style politics site 
gawker to retool as another dime a dozen far left political website . maybe soon owned by hulk hogan 
rt as gawker and its " journalists " enter their death spiral , we can only hope they take jezebel with them . … 
rt 🚨 exclusive : gawker will switch from covering new york & media and become a politics site 

the strategic limits of isis : 
olivier roy , the attacks in paris reveal the strategic limits of isis 
the attacks in reveal the strategic limits of 
" the main actors in the middle east deem other enemies to be more important " 
rt nyt : regional players prioritize own interests over isis . turkey w/ pkk , kurds w/ autonomy+territory & saudis w/ iran https :/ … 
the in reveal the strategic limits of 
the attacks in paris reveal the great article ... strategic limits of isis : 
oh , the complex webs we weave . 
although i don't think writer meant piece this way , it's an excellent argument for not doing very much about isis 
interesting analysis of why isis haven't been any country's enemy ( till now ) 
" much like al qaeda , isis has no support among the muslim people living in europe . it recruits only at the margins . " 
solid analysis of isis by olivier roy for the new york times 
wanr some perspective on isis and how idiculoysly complex the situation is and why there re no simple answers ?... 
france is perhaps alone in wanting and trying to annihilate isis . 
globalized terrorism isno more effective , strategically , than conducting aerial bombings without forces onthe ground 
" isis will hit the same wall as al qaeda : globalized terrorism is no more effective , strategically , than ... 

it's really depressing to me that the world is just now waking up to what has been going on in syria for years 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks 
gop : obama refugee vetting “ doesn’t sound at all robust to me " white house affirms syrian refugee plan 
rt white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & … 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & humane 
white house affirms refugee plan despite paris attacks 
via nyt > middle east 

paris attacks give rise to fakes and misinformation 
rumors , fake tweets , and a selfie of a canadian mistaken for a terrorist : beware of misinformation after big events 
not surprising : give rise to fakes and misinformation shared via social media via 
la razón's fake terrorist front page makes it into the new york times : 
give rise to fakes and misinformation , including mainstream media 
rt a look at the altered images , bogus tweets and odd theories that spread across the internet after the paris attacks https : … 
paris attacks give rise to misinfo 
" people will share anything online in order to share something online . " - 
read when terror strikes , count on new york times spending its resources debunking and not investigating conspiracy . 
this is undeniably true that on the internet , there is always something surprises you yet it's fake . 
give rise to and | via by 
rt fascinating read about misinformation in the aftermath of tragedies . 
paris attacks give rise to fakes & | by 
a terrible part about the tragedies : people spreading harmful misinformation about the attacks , about innocents . 
please stop re-posting things you see on fb without checking them first . even the most benign posts can be ... 

security forces swarmed a paris suburb during an early-morning raid 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 
charlie sheen : i paid blackmailers $10 million to keep quiet about my hiv . 
" “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen in an interview with matt lauer " 

" confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided . " -- 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees : 
the fear mongering by some in this country is sickening . it's not who we should be . after paris , vilifying refugees 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " thank you https … 
after vilifying refugees 
after " confusing refugees w/terrorists is morally unacceptable and ... misguided " interesting piece . 
rt refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
refugees r often fleeing from violence : mt post , vilifying refugees 
rt after " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " timely editorial on opening up to refugees . https :/ … 
rt some refreshingly blunt words from editorial . 
rt after attacks , the rush to vilify @ new york times editorial 
isn't america in a catch 22 ? it must be a conundrum to argue for or agst battening down the hatches to stop terror . 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " important editorial : 
the nyt vilifying gop common sense , as usual 
“ slamming the door in their faces would be a betrayal of our values . " pres . obama is right . rt 

rt a woman in was killed when she detonated an explosive vest during a raid , french officials said . … 
a woman hiding out in an apartment in st. -denis was killed when she detonated an explosive vest 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - new york times 
top story : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special fo … see more 
top story : retweets woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by spe … see more 
woman killed in raid after detonating explosive vest - diesel , a 7-yr-old police dog , also killed 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces — via nytimesworld@ 
woman detonates suicide vest in st-denis raid in paris via 
top woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
paris : updates on the terror attacks : paris : updates on the terror attacks ! 
rt woman killed in raid in paris ; three men captured by special forces . live updates : 
woman killed in raid . 5 suspects arrested . 
the raid in st. -denis brought major disruption to residents and commuters 
woman killed in raid via 

facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 
facebook’s french flag photo filter draws criticism 

a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials said 
a soccer match between and the was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat : 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , official … 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials s … 
points : a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled becau … 

eye twitches are often caused by stress , but involuntary eyelid spasms could be something more severe via 
this time of year we get more patients experiencing this common complaint . 
does your eye twitch ? read this to find out what causes it ! 
well : eye twitches 
what causes eye twitches ? via 
an answer to a common question ! 
a reader asks , what causes eye twitches ? 
what causes the eye to twitch ? via 
why is my eye twitching ? via 
choice tidbit like our facebook page ... it's an education ! 
i have always wondered about this ... 

strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results 
before every brit wets themselves in excitement over bombing isis in syria , it seems french airstrikes are for show . 
why , if there were targets that could be hit without killing civilians , were they not hit long ago ? 
strikes on raqqa in syria " targeting abandoned empty locations 
rt 1 . so if us can give france 10s of short-notice isis targets w/o killing civilians , why weren't they hit before ? … 
french airstrikes on mostly hit " abandoned empty locations " 
strikes on in lead to more questions than results : via 
rt french airstrikes on raqqa in syria , very little tangible results : nyt -- anyone surprised ? 
rt 2 . and if not , then are they hitting civilians/accepting more risk of that ? or empty land/bldgs , bombing for show ? https :/ … 
rt the barrage of french airstrikes didn't kill civilians , mostly hit empty buildings . … 
rt bombing for show ? us , syria , jordan , russia , now france : need revenge on isis ? drop a few bombs on raqqa ! syria https://… 
french and russian airstrikes on raqqa : more questions than answers . 
the airstrikes are renewing a debate about how effective such attacks can be in defeating or containing 
rt results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” - 30 hit mainly outskirts … 
strikes on raqqa : relatives say recent french airstrikes did not kill civilians , hitting empty areas and buildings - 
the shares my view that airstrikes on raqqa are not the right solution to battle the islamic state in syria 

charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep it secret 
sad but not surprising given his lifestyle 
check out charlie sheen's interview on the today show this morning as he unveils secrets . 
commcore ceo speaks about the charlie sheen interview . 
rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 
rt we hope . announcement finally quiets tabloids . should not be stigmatized ! 
rt sheen paid millions to keep hiv secret - like we'd be shocked to know drug use , prostitutes had led to bad things http … 
the actor said he had known about the diagnosis for about four years but did not know how he contracted the virus . a … 
rt charlie sheen says he has hiv and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret … 
rt charlie sheen said he paid people “ into the millions ” to stay quiet about his hiv diagnosis ht … 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " seriously ? sorry to say , but you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " really , mr. sheen ? you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
rt charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep his diagnosis secret 
charlie sheen's hiv status : cs says he paid mllions t keep it quiet puzzlng : have we moved on s/ ' 80s ? 
rt he felt like he needed to keep it a secret . we can end stigma together ! 
actor charlie sheen has confirmed that he is hiv positive : 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret 
the reputation doctor® comments on in 
rt who's to blame for outing charlie sheen and his hiv secret : media , ' mates ' or both ? new york times https://… 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
points : he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert ha … 

awakening to a raid upstairs , and explosions - new york times : abc newsawakening to a raid upstairs , and explo ... 
" when you see bullets and you have a baby — i was in a panic , i was trembling . " one woman's experience in st. -denis : 

rt too bad no woman has thoughts on https://… 
" experts explain how global powers can smash isis " 
envisioning how global powers can smash isis 
even if it is not isis and syrian people will continue to suffer under the replacement just as much if not more . 
has a state sponsor in pakistan that us coalition has refused to attack and hold pakistani state accountable for . 
conflict requires iran and saudi arabia to get on same page which is not possible with age-old sunni-shiite divide . 
’ ‘ iraq awakening ’ was just a mirage that vanished the day us payroll to sunni tribal leaders stopped . 
how do you defeat isis ? experts say decisiveness on assad & reformation within islam , at the least . by 
experts explain how powers can smash isis - the new york times 
that this has nothing to do with islam is disingenuous , there is a correlation btwn scripture and this 
credible and comprehensive . 
rt everyone talks about eradicating tell us what it would take . … 
what can we do with isis ? experts ' opinions 
- experts explain how can smash 
rt an absolute must-read on a1 tomorrow about where isis came from , what it wants , and how to destroy it : … 
public has to see muslims as part of the solution to isis . 
new york times - usa - only force and reform can beat isis experts say - 
it hate to say it , but this is poor : envisioning how global powers can smash 
rt today in sociopathy , ex-mossad goon with fragrant quote in nytimes . a syria slaughterhouse5 ! https … 
with this enemy , we have to push aside arguments on law , morality and the rights of the individual 
experts explain how to beat isis 
an ultimate defeat of the group cannot happen without a reformation within islam , experts say , and that ... 
working together is the only answer . 
" there is an internal conflict within islam over the direction of the faith , with a radical strain that has ... 
- envisioning how can smash isis 

isis photo of what they say is the ied that brought down the russian plane in the sinai : 
rt davidfurstnyt : isis photo of what they say is the ied that brought down the russian plane in the sinai : … 
isis brags about explosive that brought down russian jet 
isis photo of what they say is the ied that brought down the russian jet in the sinai . 
the isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " 

congrats to cormac gollogly & richard dowling , first couple to legally marry ! 
first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
" ireland’s first same-sex marriage ceremony was held tuesday in county tipperary after the new marriage ... 
top story : retweets first same-sex marriage ceremony held i … see more 
first marriage held in 
marriage dreams coming true on the 
voters approved - here is the 1st ceremony . 
rt first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
first same-sex marriage in ireland today ! 
douglas dalby teaching things mum can't . 
lots of things are terrible , but this is not . the first same-sex marriage in ireland : 
first same-sex marriage ceremony in ireland 
[ josh and skinner sit down . ] josh , the language doesn't prohibit same-sex marriage . josh of course it does . 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 
points : angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had … 

charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of d … — via 
charlie hebdo : “ screw them . we have champagne . ” 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of defiance 
live updates on the terror attacks investigation – via 
how do folks feel about charlie hebdo's cover ? is it bold ? insensitive ? both ? i want to say both . 
les inrockuptibles , charlie hebdo and others remain defiant against extremism 
ahh i love the french so much . " they have weapons . screw them , we have champagne ! " 
. on the latest charlie hebdo cover , and the message of defiance in french media after 
cover junkie 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 

diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in 
rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in the french national police said . … 
diesel , police dog , killed in raid on terrorists , which may included female suicide bomber 
rt a police dog named diesel died in st. -denis raid 
rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in https … 

quote of the day 

on campus : stories from new york times readers 
nytimes reports on racial hate crime on campus -- a pocahottie costume . 
racism on campus : stories by new york times readers . people lacking social awareness , empathy , relationship skills . 
yes . racism on campus isn't always blatant 
new york times readers were invited to describe their encounters with discrimination on campus , and tell what ... 
nyt story about " racism " on a campus includes no examples of students being excluded from academic classes/programs 
racism on campus : stories from readers . journalism prof is featured 
" [ faculty and student body are very diverse ... that makes a difference to how minorities feel on campus . " 
shoutout to prof . tom costello . rt : racism on campus : stories from ny times readers 
times readers talk about experiencing racism on their college campuses . add your comments . 
readers were invited to describe encounters with discrimination on campus . dozens shared their stories . 
racism on campus : stories from times readers 
racism on stories from new york times readers quotes ou professor thomas costello 

what will it take to destroy isis ? experts from around the world weigh in . 

belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbeek 
top story : retweets police raid house in troubled brussels … see more 
top police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - the new york t … see more 
police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - new york times 
- police raid house in troubled neighborhood — 
points : belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbe … 

britain to close coal-fired power plants by 2025 
‘‘ we ( britain ) will be one of the first developed countries to deliver on a commitment to take coal off the system . ” 
britain calls for closing of coal-fired power plants by 2025 
britain calls for closing of all coal-fired power plants by 2025 
britain calls for closing of power plants by 2025 
british government calls for closing all power plants in the country by 2025 
this political announcement brought to you by rise of gas & renewables (+stubborn nukes ) 
uk closing coal mines & plants ending coal-tech subsidies 
to close power plants by 2025 
britain to close coal-fired power stations by 2025 ($) 
this is a triumph of technology ( abc/anything but coal ) as much as political will/vision . 
arthur scargill , call your office ! 
britain will say " cheerio " to all coal-fired power plants ... by 2025 
analysts in new york times say uk's plans to close all plants could be " a decade could be too hasty . " 

the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
the uncommon resilience of paris street life : 
the streetlife of the blocks where the paris attacks took place is resilient : they were as busy 100yrs ago as today 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
100-yr-old postcards of paris terror sites show same streets & storefronts , treasured because so inviting 
" people still go out b/c going out is something that paris invites us to do . " fantastic piece via 
rt wonderful article by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life 
it is good to know after the paris attacks that life will continue as it has for more than a century in the ... 
paris invites you 2 " explore , take wrong turns , fall in love , protest & have a drink in the same places others have " 
" people still go out because going out is something that paris invites us to do . " vintage snaps of the 10e : 
a thoughtful piece on the architecture of paris streets and why senseless acts of terrorism won't change them : 
rue alibert , rue bichat and the bataclan as seen in beautiful vintage postcards via 

an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
chief suspect is an isis militant whose own family wished him dead 
isis militant whose own family wanted him dead deeply reported & a great read pic . twitter ... 
rt the leader of the lived a pretty cushy life . he wasn't poor , uneducated , aggrieved etc … 
rt an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
has the same class base as classical fascism : fuck-ups , losers , criminals 
how bad is the guy behind the paris attacks ? his own family wishes him dead . 
abaaoud's sister : “ we are praying that abdelhamid really is dead ” father : " i don’t ever want to see him again " 
the us & france thought abdelhamid abaaoud was in syria until now - how ? even his own family has wanted him dead . 
rt the paris attackers belonged to katibat al-battar al-libi , the libyan division of the islamic state 
rt a must-read about the family of the isis militant wanted in the paris attacks wanted him dead 
chief suspect abdelhamid abaaoud is an isis militant whose own family wished him dead 
the chief suspect in the paris attacks was wanted dead by his own family . 
after he joined isis , his own family wished him dead . chief suspect from terrorist 
isn't getting top of barrel fighters . yet being social failure doesn't preclude one from being good at murder . 
an militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt " abaaoud showed far more interest in thievery and drugs when he was a young man than in islam " 
an from whose own family wanted him dead - 
rt " where he had grown up in a moderately successful family " strange . i thought poverty and desperation led to this . https://… 
rt first thing to know about abdelhamid abaaoud , target of this morning's paris raid : his own family wants him dead . https : … 
rt isis militant whose own family wanted him dead deeply reported & a great read htt … 

charlie hebdo's latest cover offers a message of defiance 

a return to living . a show of unity . france receives a friendly embrace in england 

rt correction : carson aides say he needs weekly foreign policy briefings to " make him smart " ; didn't say he'd had them https : … 
ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
rt this is carson's own advisor , on the record . 
the public deserves to know which ethnic slur a presidential candidate's advisor used . 
shorter extempers have a better grasp of foreign policy than 
how wonderfully reassuring that mentor on foreign policy was indicted for lying to congress ! 
rt wow . carson's advisers couldn't actually have meant to say this stuff on the record , could they ? 
rt fascinatingly indirect way of reporting that man running for president and leading in some polls doesn't know shit . https … 
come on folks ...... really ? 
organism is struggling on foreign abstraction , content say 
ben carson struggling to grasp foreign policy ; adviser : weekly conf calls on foreign ' so we can make him smart ' 
oh well < not a leader to be . 
" freelance american intelligence operative ? " what the fuck is that ? 
rt yikes - carson advisers offer less than flattering assessment of his foreign policy grasp , via … 
ben carson struggles to grasp foreign policy , his own advisors say 
rt this does not bode well for ben carson . seems it would be wise to stand with a doc who gets it . https://… 
rt . china-in-syria gaffe wasn't an exception : via 
rt this stunning nyt story about inability to grasp or learn foreign policy should give voters pause … 
this loon thinks he can be president ? his own guys say ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy : 
rt this article about ben carson's lack of foreign policy experience is fantastic . 
so what i learned from this is that ben carson has about as good a grasp of foreign policy as bernie sanders 
rt shorter nyt story : " yeah , ben carson is even stupider than you thought . " 
rt carson's foreign policy adviser wants a weekly confernce call with the candidate " so we can make him smart . " … 
your first and last moment of candor from the campaigns . 
ben carson's campaign is a shack of cards 

the isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " 
rt the isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " … 
points : the isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the r … 

rt this 3-week-old girl is the last known ebola patient in active treatment in the world … 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
“ i know it’s pathetic , but this was one of the things that allowed me to try to keep some hope , ” he said . 
escaping the bataclan with a bloodied drumstick — via 

we’re living longer . that’s great , except for social security . 
we live longer . that's great , except for social security : fix ss by taking more money in & sending less out ( nyt ) 
we’re living longer . that’s great , except for via 
despite the political challenges , fixing social security is rather simple : take more money in , send less money out … 
not sexy , but can't be ignored in any election cycle . 
we're living longer . that's great , except for social security . 
social security tinkering to make it work for our grandkids . 
by the numbers : we’re longer . that’s great , except for 
very clear take on security from via 

early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening 
rt fewer men get screened for prostate cancer , and fewer cases are being found . is this good or bad ? time will tell . https : … 
early prostate cases fall along with screening 
“ with psa testing , we often detect cancers that don’t need to be treated " prostate advice put in doubt by new study 
studies find declines in screening and early detection of 
less screening & less early detection of prostate cancer : declines could have public health implications ( nyt ) 
early cases fall along with - - 
why significant , concerning that early stage prostate cancer cases are falling as screening drops ? that's the point 
pendulum swing - fewer men are being screened for prostate cancer , fewer early-stage cases are being detected 
prostrate screenings drop coincides with lower number of cases . 
i don't agree with reduced screening it could be your life saved . decide based on the evidence of the screening . 
rt on the challenges of following medical guidelines - prostate cancer edition 

the band eagles of death metal makes a statement on the paris attacks . read it in full : 
nytimes : the band eagles of death metal makes a statement on the paris attacks . read it in full : … 
nytimesbusiness : rt nytimes : the band eagles of death metal makes a statement on the paris attacks . read it in ful … 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
i love he does a great job rt “ don lemon doesn't get offended ” 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

french return to cafes and bistrots in a show of resolute determination 
return to cafes in a show of defiance 
nytimes : french return to cafes in a show of defiance 
if you read 1 paris story today : on " the french way " " they'll never kill that " stay for the kicker 
parisians say " fuck you , islamists " by returning to the cafés . "“ this was an attack on our way of life . " 
french return to cafes in defiance via 
parisians find the perfect -- and perfectly french - way of responding to the terrorists . 
" we are as free as the air . " 
i'll drink to that : french defy terror with a sip of wine . 
" still , they are french , and defiance seems to course through their veins . " 
" what better way to declare the endurance of france than to live it up at a cafe ? " here's from paris . 
paris returns to life as normal 
i'm tempted to get on a plane to paris & enjoy all the cafes i can for a week . " french return to cafes in defiance " 
french return to cafés in a show of defiance --> 
returns to in a show of 
rt " french crowd cafes to defy terror with a sip of wine " by liz alderman via nyt 
heartwarming but this is custom , hardly " la resistance " 
fair play to the parisians : “ we like to do what we want . that’s the french way . they’ll never kill that . ” 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

senate votes to block obama’s climate change rules 
senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
rt the senate blocks president obama’s climate change rules . via … 
senate votes to block climate change rules 
shameful and insane --> related : 
there's a rumble in the legislative jungle - the us is working to block 
nyt : senate votes to block clean power plan 
senate votes to block to try to create confusion before vows to veto 
senate votes to block obama’s change regulations , in an effort to undermine his position before 
to block rules 
senate votes to block obama’s rules 
they are leading the country and world to destruction by legislating profit above all else . remove them from power . 
senate votes to bury heads deeper in the sand on reveals depth of allegiance to fossil fuel industry 
usa congress : senate led by votes 52-46 to block obama’s rules ; veto pending nyt 
mcconnell says : “ here’s what is lost in this administration’s crusade for ideological purity : the livelihoods of ... 
rejects epa regs , but lacks veto-proof supermajority 
senate can block climate-change rules . they voted yesterday to do so . that's 1 of the reasons y it's up to us to act . 
rolls coal ; cuts off route to cutting power plant emissions . 
senate-passed bill to cripple won't become law -- white house has promised president obama will veto 
sooty : senate rejects obama plan to cut emissions at coal-burning plants 
rt apropos of my post yesterday about a few gop senators who are apparently environmentally conscious : … 
that environmental protection agency rule , released in august , is the centerpiece of mr. obama’s efforts to ... 
senate votes to block obama’s change rules 
" by voting to block the rule , lawmakers want to telegraph to the world that congress does not back the ... 
new york times senate votes to block obama's climate change rules … via 

watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terror attacks . 
watch live : obama holds news conference 
nytpolitics : watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terr … 
watching live @ notre dame cathedral in paris , a memorial service 
live now . 
watch live : memorial service at cathedral of notre-dame 
paris under siege -- watch live here 
watch live : attacks in paris - the new york times 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 
live coverage : paris attacks 
rt what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 
updates on the 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
we should not give the gift of hate via 
nytimesworld : updates on the 
the raid is over , but residents are advised to stay put . see all updates on our live blog : 
eddie 
retweeted the new york times ( what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 

nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 
nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus via nytimes 
nytimes : nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 

rt if you agree : refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 
international relations stories u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned … see more 
u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats ’ 
" many are fleeing extremism and terrorism – from the very people associated with the paris attacks . " 
it breaks my heart that the even has to make this statement : " refugees should not be scapegoats , " via 
live coverage | un agency says refugees should not be turned into ' scapegoats ' - new york times 
refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats’! unhcr statement says it all : 

your tuesday briefing 
start your day with : " your via 
your briefing 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

race 
not his time , i agree . 
if it's ever bobby jindal's time it will be my time to leave the country 
under the category of " news you thought already occurred " : bobby jindal quits republican presidential race 
bobby jindal quits repub presidential race wrecking ball bobby throws in the towel ... and leaves the demolition site 
jindal asked his supporters to move to mike huckabee . that should move mike to double digits ... 17 total supporters ... 
piyush , what took you so long ? quits republican presidential race 
famous last words : " we spent a lot of time developing detailed policy papers . " ( louisiana governor bobby jindal ) 
rt race 
“ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time , ” - drops out via 
now what am i supposed to do with all of these red and green " jindal all the way ! " sweaters ? 
rt days before the vitter-edwards vote , jindal drops out 
rt a bit more , with on the rise and fall of jindal > 
nytimes : jindal drops bid for the republican nomination one more drops out . who's next ? 
gov . bobby jindal of louisiana , a onetime rising republican star whose popularity has plummeted in his own state ,... 

our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
rt rt nytimes : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of … 
rt our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
points : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feas … 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate " there is hope 

i love brussels sprouts and these sliders look yummy . 
brussels sprouts sliders 
looking for a side dish or appetizer for the vegetarians at your celebration ? 

what travelers can expect in paris 

blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in rugby 
rt daniellancaste8 : rt kiisplay : nytimes sport : rugby : blending size and speed , jonah lom … 

love brussels sprouts ? we have an idea for you . 

is changing its focus 
nytimes : is changing its focus 

rt two of ben carson's top advisers say he's struggling to grasp foreign policy 
we can't be experts in everything . i can't perform brain surgery , but i wouldn't attempt it . 

britain to close its coal-fired power stations by 2025 

at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court 
rt rt nytimes : at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the … 
nytimes : at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court … 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 
nytimesarts : rt nytimes : must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . … 

french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking the public not to publicize the locations 
don't publicize police action on social media , say french police , it impedes operations 
french police ask people not to share locations of nationwide checkpoints they set up : 
🇺🇸 french police set up checkpoints all over france , but asking the public not to publicize the locations ( ny times ) 
points : french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking … 

witnesses describe raid in st. -denis via 
witness describes raid in st. -denis 
security forces swarm paris suburb via 

france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says 
hollande says france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees 
all the american policy makers talking about not accepting syrian refugees - seriously , gfy . 
“ the people running from iraq and syria are attacked by the very same people who attacked us . ” 
glad to hear innocent refugees won't be penalized for violence committed by the people they are fleeing from 
france will lead by example and take in the 30,000 syrian refugees it said it would before last friday's attack 
rt american politicians should draw a lesson from hollande instead of pandering to fear via nytime … 
france will keep its promise to take in 30,000 refugees over the next 2 years , president françois hollande says 
france not a ' fraidy cat .. will take in 30,000 syrian refugees as promised . 
france will still accept syrian refugees : 
france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
france - france ! - showing more openness to refugees than u.s. repub governors via 
just shows the compassion , not close minded ! france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees via 
the french are cool ! rt ~ despite attacks … france still plans to accept 30,000 from iraq . 
let governors see this ! 
despite attacks in paris , france still plans to accept 30,000 refugees from syria , iraq . 
american governors , france is still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
u . s politicians . take note : 
maybe texas could learn a thing or two about humanity from france 
france will take in 30,000 refugees over next 2 years . “ our country has the duty to respect this commitment . ” 
pres . hollande and france show civility and courage in the face of barbarism and cowardice : via 
if they're christian ? 
france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , so what's your excuse us ? via 
as gop postures against people in need , france continues to accept refugees 
good for you france , don't give in to fear ( minus that part about new " emergency powers " ) . via 
american politicians should draw a lesson from hollande instead of pandering to fear via nytimesworld 

racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 
revjjackson : rt nytimes : racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 

what century-old photos from the sites of the paris attacks tell us about france's capital 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january 
isis is likely responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria : 
rt the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 
rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 
the tragedy in paris is just one of many isis attacks on innocent civilians . has a timeline worth reading : 
isis responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria- updated for paris attacks ( via 
rt quoted in article on isis and their " trilogy of terror " iraq/syria , their wilayats , & now capable cells … 
where isis has directed and inspired attacks around the world via 
paris bloodshed may be the latest of many isis attacks around the world 

rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , according to his advisers 

belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack , official says 
call to arms in france amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
rt false reports of gunfire during vigil highlights the anxiety in paris . more news here : … 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspects 
rt belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack 
raid brussels area in search for terror suspect 
french version of usa patriot act “ … called on monday for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists . " 
the world salutes the french victims but nothing on the russian victims of the plane : double standard ... 
rt next you'll tell me this man isn't really belgian https : … 
rt it is critical that " war " on does not subvert democracy or become a crusade against muslims . … 
paris attacks plotted by belgian who fought for isis , french officials say 
so this sounds like the setup to something like l'acte de patriote 
nyt : president hollande calls for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists at home , 
on-the-run paris suspect salah abdeslam was stopped by the french police on saturday but was let go when his paper … 
hacker news - french president hollande seeks to amend constitution 
hollande seeks new legislation that would create more flexibility for combating 
" our democracy has prevailed over much more formidable opponents than these cowardly assassins , " mr. hollande ,... 
call to arms in amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspect in 
rt president hollande vows revocation of french citizenship for dual nationals convicted of terrorism http … 
abaaoud was already a suspect in a failed jan plot in belgium & aug plot 2 shoot passengers on paris-brussels train 
the mastermind leader of the paris attack was not syrian or middle eastern but belgian ! 
holland calls 4 new powers after paris attacks lets show isis whos boss by giving up our rights 
d'you suppose hollande will call it the " patriot act " , too ? " mr. hollande called for quick action by parliament ... 
rt if we continue to follow us & france foreign policy to absurdity , they should be bombing raqqa , brussels & chartres . ht … 
" france is at war . " -- president hollande . 
" terrorism will not destroy the republic , because it is the republic that will destroy it . " dat juxtaposition doe . 
french government turns up the heat on isis . what are the " exceptional " measures here ? civil liberties in trouble ? 
thoughts ? 
fr pres calls for const amendments that would give the gov flexibility to conduct raids without a warrant 
president hollande , what you are requesting is a slippery slope sir . 
hollande calls for new powers to ‘ eradicate ’ isis after paris attacks 
hollande calls for constitutional amendments to enable fight against terror . 
since when is changing the constitution to enable a police state not giving in to terror ? nyt-call to arms in france 
call to arms in france amid manhunt hollande seeks to amend constitution 
policing in america changed forever after 9/11 . the legislation france seeks for greater surveillance is frightening 
if getting to know incoming refugees was the solution , then it stands to reason that one's refugee family members ... 
police raids in france and belgium seek paris attack suspects 

an early-morning raid north of paris 
an early-morning raid north of paris : the french police conducted a raid in st. -denis aimed at detaining ... 

storm system batters colorado and texas - - 
" storm system batters colorado and texas " by dave montgomery and christine hauser via 
same storm blocked both co residents in the snow and brought tornadoes to tx tuesday 

obama calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea 
obama calls on beijing to stop construction in south sea 
" sure . happy to oblige ....... sike . " 
meanwhile in - 
calls on to stop construction in - 
president obama on wednesday called on china to stop building on contested islands in the south china sea ,... 
nice try , mr. president , but you know perfectly well they're not gonna stop ... 
obama calls on beijing to stop construction in south china … 
john cusack calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

" tous au bistrot ! " “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
love this : a rallying cry in paris : everyone to the bar ! via 
good food , wine , friendships , & laughter remind us once again why we do what we do <3 
for my " drink ! " students . a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
“ it will be an act of peaceful resistance ” 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ - the new york times 
one of the many ways that new yorkers and parisians are kindred spirits 
a very act of defiance . — “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : tous au bistrot ~ everyone to the local bar-restaurant ! 
that's the way to do it . " a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar ! " 
i'll drink to that ! 
parisian restaurant owners are calling for a very french act of defiance . tous au bistrot via 
you know the best way to stay alive ? you keep living . rallying call in paris , via 
let's stand in solidarity with these parisians ! get to the bar ! 
" go to a place where you can have a beer , some peanuts , a plate of sausages , anything " 
" “ everyone to the bar ! ” ... ( ... and have a white russian on me ...! ) 

facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis 
profile frozen , then restored , for user named 
isn’t worth sharing this ? : 
facebook profile frozen , then restored , for user named isis — via 
lol the nyt doesn't know shit about archer 
be careful if you post a bob dylan song , folks 
points : facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis 

details for bataclan attack found on cellphone in paris trash can 
details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 
rt details for bataclan attack found on cellphone in paris trash can 
we are very lucky that the french authorities found this cellphone 
cell phone left at bataclan belonged to one of the attackers 
rt : pls flw a … 
rt phone found in a trash can near the bataclan has a text signaling the beginnig of the … 
🇺🇸 details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can ( ny times ) 
attacker's phone found in paris garbage can . 9:42 pm fri . : " on est parti on commence . " " here we go , we're starting . " 
: pls flw all tw in string 
looks like they found cellphone belonging to one of bataclan attackers , in a trash can 

2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
new york times most viewed stories : 2 air france planes are diverted from paris ari pregen 
global islamist terror : two air france flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over phoned bomb threats ... from usa 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over concerns 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over security concerns - new york times 
leia no > 2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over secur … see more 
2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over security concerns - 

what china has been building in the south china sea 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
nytimes : anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
victim’s husband tells terrorists , ‘ i will not give you the gift of hate ’ 
husband tells ‘ i will not give you the of 
courage : " you won't have my hate ... i will play on " not scared not mistrustful not sacrificing liberty for security 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
posted " victim’s husband tells terrorists " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
paris attacks : " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
rt it takes the grace of god to let go & let god ... 
a victim's spouse speaks love to hate 
victim's husband tells terrorists , ' i will not give you the gift of hate ' via thanks 

. sheds reputation as an easy mark for hackers 
microsoft , once infested with security flaws , does an about-face 
microsoft getting props for security swagger 
rt once infested with security flaws , does an about-face : rt if only it'd stop connecting 
once infested with security flaws , does an about-face : rt if only it'd stop connecting to cloud . 
rt how microsoft's focus on security has moved it " from worst in class to the best in class " 
microsoft's new push to security - focus on detection and response - brand new cyber security defense operations cen … 
once infested with security flaws , is ... a little better . 
security threats continue to be in the top of everyone's minds . as it should be . 
sharing the auto links popping and linksexploaded under the rainbow !! 
good news for microsoft ... 
microsoft goes from worst to first in security <- includes talk about the need to eliminate passwords - 
microsoft was once the epitome of everything wrong with security in technology . its products were so infested with v … 
no longer an easy mark for hackers 
microsoft is a very different company than 20 or even 10 years ago . 
microsoft cio's " goal inside the company is to get rid of passwords " 
keep trying ms ! 
sheds reputation as an easy mark for time , don't you think 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 
" the vetting process is 18-24 months " how long is it in canada ? 

thanksgiving recipes - nyt cooking 
yummy recipes for thanksgiving from the new york times ! 
the thanksgiving recipes are up . i feel stuffed just looking at them ! - nyt cooking 
amazing 
looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative recipes a try ! 
let's see if my meal is edible this year . i try and try and try . 
new york times interactive thanksgiving menu planner 🦃 
getting lost in this thanksgiving meal planner feature . everything looks so good . ( maybe b/c it's dinner time rn ) 
our menu planner will help you craft the best thanksgiving for everyone at your table . 
build your go big or go home , i say : thanksgiving recipes 
how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . 
what are your upcoming thanksgiving plans ? will you be traveling or will travelers be visiting you in long beach ?... 
some people dread the harriedness of holidays . but i love spending hours pouring over magazine spreads of old ... 
you must take a look - it is interactive and so much fun ! ready ... steady ... go and plan that thanksgiving menu ! 
making this day great : the happier podcast and madness 
rt rt academykierland looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creati … 
rt rt azdavidcreed looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative … 
" thanksgiving for all " ->> sept . vogue , on newsstands near you . ( or online : ) 
getting ready for thanks to 
rt how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . https … 
hint . for all those who have invited me for t-day , please check out the menu & recipes . look forward to sharing ... 
how to make turkey + all the fixings ! ht 
can't wait to host next year in my home ! 

photos : an early-morning raid north of paris 

end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry - the new york times via 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company ( ny times ) . 
top story : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added t … see more 
avoid bloomberg businessweek if you crave accuracy . yahoo info here : 
marissa mayer must think illegal gambling and socially irresponsible activities like this are okay if they make $$ . 
end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to … 
end sought to fanduel and draftkings in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
looks like yahoo might be swept up in the fight between new york and daily fantasy sports sites fanduel/draftkings 
yahoo now under scrutiny by ny attorney general over its daily fantasy sports games . $yhoo http:// 
end sought to sites in is said to be added to inquiry 
if they go after yahoo next , where is my team going to finish last next year ??? 
yahoo is said to be added to inquiry on fantasy sites in new york 
end sought to fantasy football sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry > 
rt end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to … 
first & ... now !! 
yahoo added to new york inquiry into daily fantasy sports sites 
yahoo , yahoo ! has you in his crosshairs . 
top story today : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be a … see more 
rt source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company … 
ny state ag's expands investigation into fantasy sports as nothing more than " rebranded sports betting " 

rt so to be clear : none of the 5 paris attackers identified so far is syrian . 
rt known nationalities of paris attackers : - french 5 syrian 0 
top story : what we know about the paris attackers see more 
rt every person implicated so far in the paris attacks has been a french or belgian citizen . none is a syrian migrant . https :/ … 
the manhunt for the attackers . nyt ~ 
yet again .. dear world citizens , for the 1000 times ( probably ) none of the monsters who blew the fuck out of ... 
rt so far none of the terrorists involved in the paris attack has been identified as syrian . the syrian passport ... https :/ … 
the manhunt for the paris attackers 
rt 2 dead in raid seeking top planner | updated : finding the links among the paris attackers https://… 
what we know about the paris attackers via thanks 

the paris attackers : who were they ? 
paris attackers : who were they ? and why do we care abt ppl with shitloads of q's in their shitty names ? 
why would they do this ? painful 2 watch , important 2 know . the attackers the victims : 
who were the attackers in paris ? video . 
rt a snapshot of seven men suspected in the paris attacks . who were they ? by 
who are the paris attackers ? very informative video piece by my colleague 
prevention of radicalism ; possible only through cooperation w/ muslim immigrants paris attackers : who were they ? 

blatter and platini lose fifa appeals and remain suspended 
soccer , international federation of association football ( fifa ) , blatter , sepp , platini , michel via nyt 

after bloodshed , tv can be cathartic , or insensitive 
when tv turns itself off 
when tv turns itself off - new york times 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " … 
when tv turns itself off we are a bit too sensitive at times . 
rt new : on tragedy , terrorism dramas and why pulp entertainment is not just appropriate but necessary . 
james on why the tendency of tv nets to pull episodes that echo terrorist attacks isn't necessarily good 
should tv networks cancel , postpone or rearrange their schedules in response to terrorist attacks ? 
when terrorists strike , television networks respond , sometimes sensitively and other times perhaps unnecessarily . 
rt great point by 
when broadcast tv self censors … " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares — communal , cathartic ... " 
should tv networks pull sensitive shows after a tragedy ? : “ we should not be surprised that extremists excoriate p … 

rt congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 
congressional democrats cautiously defend refugee program 
" the vetting process is 18-24 months " how long is it in canada ? 

france-england game is a friendly in every sense of the word 
op-ed : < /span > explaining terror to children 
last night's france vs . england redefined the meaning of a football ( soccer ) ' friendly ' 
followers that love soccer , this is worth time about the france-england friendly and what it means : 
“ la marseillaise ” during the friendly was uplifting to hear beyond any measure 
game is a in every sense of the word 
this france-england friendly game meant nothing , but nothing felt like everything . 
sometimes a friendly is just that . on england-france , which meant nothing but felt like everything . 
" the players had a duty to show the unstoppable tumble that is being alive . " 
friendly steeped in fraternity . all wembley sings “ la marseillaise ” at france-england match . sniff , 
this // normally , the visiting team’s anthem would be played first ; on this night , “ la marseillaise ” was played last 
france-england game was a friendly in every sense of the word 
lovely match report on a " friendly " between france and england 
lovely , lovely match report on france-england " friendly " 
france receives a friendly embrace in england 
thankful for capacity of sport to connect diverse communities & cultures , to unite , & to inspire resilience & hope 

as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality 
" as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via ambivalent about these 
facebook french flag profile picture change erupts inequality discussion via 
damned if you do , damned if you don't! complaints of inequality for french flag filter . via 
thats why i did not change my profile picture as french flag 
as tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
top story : retweets as social media tributes pop up , so do … see more 
my short post on fb's french flag debacle , and how the lebanese flag made it to profile pics without facebook's help 
social media tributes-complaints of inequality - helping all cries have the option to be heard — via 
why did blatantly ignore and do nothing when warned . 

rt did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? fact-checks him . … 
" he was less clairvoyant than he suggests . " 
did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? nytpolitics fact-checks him . … 

storm system batters colorado and texas 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 

rt french return to cafes in a show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” … 
rt rt french return to cafes show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” https … 

what travelers can expect in 
how can tourists help ? : " stay in and to keep coming to the country " via 
in the aftermath of the attacks in the new york times has compiled useful information about what to ... 
“ the french need support now more than ever & want to return to normal life . ... not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
message to tourists : “ the french need support now more than ever , & leaving or not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
what can expect in 
here is a rundown on how hotels , airlines and cultural sites are accommodating travelers to paris 
also i wish i could give blood , but as a cancer survivor i believe i'm not allowed .... 
the best thing can do to help is to keep visiting paris and not be scared away . 
here is some helpful advice from the for anyone travelling to 
" the single best thing travelers can do to help is to stay in paris and to keep coming to the country . " 
great article 

ireland holds its first same-sex marriage ceremony 

isis was born out of america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army 
in rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame 
rt isis flag found in 2008 — early signal of the group’s rise . my look at the group’s rebirth . … 
in rise of no single missed key but many strands of blame 
" in rise of isil , no single missed key but many strands of blame " via 
“ it was disregarded ..... frankly , at the white house , it didn’t meet the narrative . ” 
isis radical group , the islamic state operations in syria , and iraqi jihadists live in the lands of “ the infidels . ” 
there is no simple solution . we participated in the creation of isis .... 
read this detailed account of how isis or isil became what it is today . 
excellent piece on the origins of isis , threads that wove themselves into a terrifyingly complex knot . 
muslim terrorists r patient it took yrs , they now have their biggest ally in the white house , racist noballs obama 
excellent explainer about what lead to the rise of isis and the carnage in paris 
rt isis was born out of america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place 2 build an army … 
rt epic must-read by on the rise of the islamic state , studded with details and insight on missed signals . https : … 
in rise of the no single missed key but many strands of blame . and the blame is bipartisan 
by the time the u.s. withdrew from iraq , it thought it had subdued the islamic state . the group is now on a very d … 
interesting read : 
rt like getting a college-level course in a single story : on isis , its origins , missed signals and prospects … 

rt marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
y esto es lo peligroso " le pen’s anti-islam speech gains influence in france " 
de lo peor ... marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 

an 11th-hour detour puts a family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 

the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to residents and commuters 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
top story : retweets paris : updates on the terror attacks - … see more 
points : the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to resid … 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
rt heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
rt french police raid targets mastermind … 
french police raid targets mastermind 🇫🇷 

rt facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 
rt : nytimes : facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant frm belgium whose family wanted him dead 

editor-in-chief explains the sites ' politics via 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? 
is changing its focus 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or a head-scratcher ? 
will morph into a site focused on politics , its founder and top editor said . 
my favorite website is 
nytimes : is changing its focus 
the anti-politico to focus on political news and away from gossip 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a sit ... 
is diversity a blind spot for a very interesting read - what's your take ? 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a site that pioneered the … 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a sit ... … 
drops weird news , four employees 
new york times gawker to retool as politics site new york times a site that pioneered the … 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ via 
cuts staff as site focuses on politics 
politico : gawker media is changing 

rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 

eagles of death metal make first statement on paris attacks 
story eagles of death metal make first state … see more 
the band , which was headlining at the bataclan on friday when gunmen stormed the venue , said on f ... via 

diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to the dismay of some 
isaranjuez : rt nytimes : diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to … 
nytimes : diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to the dismay of … 
points : diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a l … 
a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid — 
rt a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid — 
more about diesel , the french police dog killed during a counterterrorism raid outside of paris 
a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid via 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck , and why via 

rt after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via 
after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via nytopinion 
" after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via " = f 

the eiffel tower is closed again 
eiffel tower is closed once again - new york times 
it has been confirmed that the eiffel tower is closed due to a bomb threat 
eiffel tower is closed once again — via nytimesworld 
updates on paris . 
" responding to hatred with anger would be to fall to the same ignorance that made you the people you are . " a . leiris 

rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 
rt aigriffin : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had batt … 
“ rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease ” sad day . such a great player 
nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 

psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client is the business ethical ? 
manhattan psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client - - 
manhattan psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client plse expln diff btwn this and religion's promises 
it's amazing how stupid people are . psychics are con artists . 
manhattan psychic admits taking over $550000 from lovelorn client - new york times 
you just can't make this shit up . $ 550,000 for psychic to raise the dead 
love is wasted on the young , money on the rich . 
how stupid can people be ? $us550 , ooo ! 

" morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . " 

amazon has overcome doubts about whether scale would mean profit , and prime is the key , writes 
how amazon’s long game yielded a retail juggernaut - 
how amazon is winning the commerce game and building a moat ? 
state of the art : how amazonâ€™s long game yielded a retail juggernaut 
ny times : " why is amazon so far ahead ? ... patience . " - 
living in a rural area , i appreciate benefits of amazon prime but am also conflicted abt enabling this " juggernaut " 
tip : amazon is succeeding on its quest for total shopping domination . 
what has been key to this rise , and missing from many of his competitors ' efforts , is patience . 
how amazon's long game yielded a retail juggernaut 
we can help pay off debt . $1.6 billion in loans were issued through prosper in 2014 . peer-to-peer loans through pro … 
amazon , the retail juggernaut extends its lead 
real advantages in price & convenience have been brought to america’s national pastime of buying stuff 
monster retailer ! 
exactly what i've been saying about amazon all along - long live aws ! 
how long game yielded a retail juggernaut 
the article says amazon's op margin is 3.5% , found walmart's to be 5.4% . how is amazon's better ? 
rt kemcke : amazon has overcome doubts about whether scale would mean profit , and prime is the key , writes fmanjoo . … 
nytimesbusiness : rt kemcke : amazon has overcome doubts about whether scale would mean profit , and prime is the key … 
. stock story is illustration not only of long-term thinking but also of how bezos uniquely trained wall st. 
on amazon and retail ... " the thing about retail is , the consumer has near-perfect information , " said paul vogel , an a … 
how amazon’s long game yielded a juggernaut : what has been key , and missing from competitors ’ efforts , is patience 
" what has been key to this rise ... is patience . in a very old-fashioned manner , one that is far out of step with a co … 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
your date/model . let's go somewhere exotic & try new things . book ... 
very useful timeline from nytimes . 
top story : retweets where isis claims it has struck , and wh … see more 
where claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck since october 3 , and why 
russell goldman and karen yourish teaching things mum can't . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 

finding the links among the paris attackers 
nbcinvestigates : rt nytimes : finding the links among the paris attackers 
finding the links among the paris attackers via 

“ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race 
rt nytimes : “ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race … 

message gains influence in 
wonder how that'll play out in france w/ marine le pen's message gaining traction & upcoming election 
who didn't see this coming ? exactly what those thugs wanted : le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
marine le pen's anti-islam message gains influence in france - 
terrifying : marine le pen's gaining more of an audience post- 
history repeating itself ? 
you think she stopped by the elysee palace to measure for curtains ? le pen v hollande in 2017 ?... 
marine le pen’s anti-islam message in france don't get caught up in the political selfserving propaganda . 
... and this is an understatement , i'm sure 
no , the national front party : 
" this repeated connection — immigration equals islamism & terrorism — is playing powerfully in the minds of voters . " 

the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 

is changing its focus 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - the new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat | soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat — via 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover - new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat - new york times 
soccer - soccer stadium evacuated in hannover over bomb threat - new york times 
it seems to have been a harmless package & some sort of threat 
web dsign 
seo website builder soccer stadiu ... 
police have found an ambulance packed with explosives outside soccer match in 
this is getting way too close . i work in this city and spend most of my days there . it's crazy .... 

a rallying cry in paris : " everyone to the bar ! " 
a rallying cry in paris : “ everyone to the bar ! ” 

rt the united nations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins — via 
lovers of live music , travelers to & co-runners of the family italian joint ; the 2 cousins at 

" they might have guns , but we have flowers " 
rt one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers 
rt i wasn't going to write " talking paris with kids " until i saw how beautifully this dad handled it : … 
motherlode blog : one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flo ... 
one parent , on they might have guns , but we have flowers 
what can we tell our kids in difficult times ? “ look for the flowers . ” 
some of us help . some bring flowers . some can't help but bring their fear . talking paris w/ kids 
" ... nous avons des fleurs " one on they might have guns , but we have via 
look for the helpers , appreciate the flowers , and don’t let fear stop you . via 
love vs hate-this parent chose love . filipinos did it first on 1986 . 

cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - - 
cease-fire and a political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , john kerry says . 
cease-fire and a political transition in crucial to defeating says . 
visiting france , kerry vows ' greater pressure ' on isis 
cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating says 
visiting france , kerry vows ‘ greater pressure ’ on isis 
sec . kerry states there will be more pressure on isis , from the world community 
. urges ceasefire - cease-fire & political transition in crucial to defeating kerry says 
yes , but what of pol future of irq ? " kerry : ceasefire & political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis " 
kerry says a cease-fire & political transition in syria crucial to defeat isis 
and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - new york times 
when love to come . cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating is ... 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
if you were wondering about lsu grad he sees himself more as a malcolm not martin 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

top suspect in paris attacks sought in police raid ; 2 killed and 7 arrested - ... 
rt breaking news : two people died in a raid near paris , including one who blew herself up , and the police arrested 7 … 
top suspect in paris attacks sought in police raid ; 2 killed … 
top suspect in paris attacks sought in police raid ; 2 … 
top suspect in attacks sought in police raid ; 2 killed and 7 arrested 
tobe news top suspect in paris attacks sought in police raid ; 2 killed ... 

reupping this from yesterday : how 2016 may mirror 2004 on national security 
after paris , who passes the ‘ commander in chief test’ ? 
leaving the democratic party after this election . fed up . 
social event stops : after area , who passes the ' physical object in chief problem solving' ? 
we may not want to politicize tragedies , but tragedies have political outcomes all the same . 

this new nyc building " makes the case for why architecture matters " 
this new nyc building " makes the case for why architecture matters " … 
this new nyc building " makes the case for why architecture matters " via 
rt nytimes : this new nyc building " makes the case for why architecture matters " … 
my neighbor this new nyc building " makes the case for why architecture matters " " 

germany-netherlands match canceled over security concerns 
germany-netherlands soccer match canceled over security concerns 
germany cancels soccer match with netherlands 
ah nevermind , seems like it was just a " suspicious object " twitter messing with us . 
germany-netherlands match canceled , evidence of plans to detonate an explosive device in the stadium : 
germany cancels match with the netherlands over security concerns - - 
police chief says there was serious threat to city and stadium , including plan for explosion . 

caught in a ( gasp ) fib . he should never become a tv psychic 
fact checks of the 2016 election 
love nyt fact checking what the candiates saying for the next us pres election . 

a migrant boy with a thermal blanket on the shore of the greek island of lesbos 
rt beautiful ender in today's pictures of the day slideshow 
photos of the day 
rt women worshiped the setting sun while celebrating a hindu festival in mumbai . more photos https :/ … 
top story : pictures of the day : france and elsewhere - people gazed at bullet h … see more 

aung san suu kyi has moved toward dominance in myanmar . her words have become provocative . 

aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of dignified defiance , sounds a provocative note 
new york times - usa - a defiant voice sounds a bolder note in myanmar - 
does respect for law include fidelity to a military-imposed constitution ? 
a symbol of dignified sounds provocative 
why tell us what she was wearing on her first day in parliament ?? 
aung san suu kyi , on the cusp of power , is sounding imperious . what kind of leader is she ? 
interesting insights to the leadership style of by 
aung san suu kyi wins " so far the military has been gracious in defeat , which stuns many burmese 
aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of sounds a provocative note 
burma's democracy icon , on the cusp of power , sounds provocative . how she will govern ? 
so happy to read the words of in again . his smart take on aung san suu kyi's rise in myanmar : 
aung san suu kyi , " the future is hers to shape . " by via 
a symbol of defiance , aung san suu kyi’s victory sets democracy example to asian neighbours 
rt seth mydans , long-time southeast asia hand , returns to the pages of the nyt for a profile of aung san suu kyi . https … 
rt after landslide election win , imperious style of burma's democracy hero raises questions about how she will govern . https :/ … 
ny times : long a symbol of dignified defiance , sounds a provocative note 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
rt heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
belgian suspect in paris had been target of strikes on isis in syria 
heavy gunfire , suicide , as french police raid paris terror suspects ' way station / nytimes 
2 dead , 7 arrested in a raid this morning in a paris neighborhood . officials were targeting the mastermind behind ... 
heavy gunfire erupts as seek in raid 
second suspect in paris attacks sought . 
heavy gunfire erupts as police seek suspects in raid 
paris attacks suspect was target of strikes on isis in syria 
second suspect is sought in paris attacks 

a return to living . a show of unity . france receives a friendly embrace in england 

after waiting 3 years for approval to enter u.s. , syrian refugee family diverted to ct when indiana gov says no 
ah , indiana in the news again . connecticut is probably nicer anyhow . 
kudos to for welcoming syrian refugees denied relocation in indiana . 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars 
11th-hour detour puts family of 3 , including a 4-year-old , in connecticut as bars refugees 
hoosier hospitality and compassion : 11th-hour detour as indiana bars syrian refugees 
to help " our agencies are in consultations w/community organizations , local&state governments + schools . " 
glad to see my native state step up in the wake of mike pence's craven failure . thanks , ct and gov . malloy . 
shame on you you are despicable , and an embarrassment to this isn't hoosier hospitality . 
syrian refugee family turned away from indiana will be settled in new haven 
is the gop going to start banning french and belgian citizens from their states too ? 
syrian refugee family turned away from indiana , end up in in connecticut 
“ the last thing a refugee agency wants 2do is give in 2this un-american , political +knee-jerk reaction ” via 
reshuffling only to hospitable states " not impossible , but far from ideal ” - hias vp melanie nezer 
refugees looking to resettle are being turned away in the last minute . 
syrian refugees are not in the usa during process . see & 
indiana gov's ban on syrian refugees forces aid groups to scramble to find family a home 
iris - integrated refugee & immigrant services makes today's the new york times . 
mike pence is the most embarrassing governor in the nation . 
welcome to indiana , unless you're not white , christian or straight . 
turns out , governors can refuse refugees : 11th-hour detour puts family in as governor bars 
rt : turns out , governors can refuse refugees : 11th-hour detour puts family in as governor bars … 
syrian refugee family was set to go to indiana , till governor said no . now on their way to new haven . 
rt indiana shuts out syrian refugees , telling agency to find another state ; connecticut welcomes family . … 
11th-hour detour puts family in as indiana bars syrian refugees 
shopowner , wife & 4 yr old . real brave , gov . pence . 11th-hr detour puts family in conn . as ind . bars syria refugees 
state legislatures are able to keep syrian refugees out in practice/ 11th-hr detour puts family in ct instead of in 
11th-hour detour puts family in as bars 
rt story just made it into the nytimes 
the governors of new york and connecticut , both democrats , have emphatically said syrian refugees are welcome ,... 
so sad . 11th-hour detour puts family in as indiana bars syrian 
this infuriates me . gov , please open that bible of yours to matt . 25:35 . hoosiers i know welcome families in need . 
indiana smh | 
unacceptable . call governor jay nixon's office and thank him for standing up for human dignity and the american ... 
our kids will read about this in shame . - 11th-hr detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 
not a great look , hoosiers 
rt nyt : syrian refugee family redirected from indiana to connecticut 
rt syrian family redirected from indiana to connecticut as state bans refugees 
an 11th-hour detour puts a family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 
republican governors and presidential candidates have singled out syrian refugees as a security risk after one suspect killed in the paris attacks was found with a syrian passport . 

paul ryan calls for halt to syrian refugee program 
republicans call for halt to syrian ... | 
rt house speaker paul ryan calls 4 halting syrian refugee program . it's now officially on the republican platform … 
to reject refugees is as bad as 1930s when us rejected jews fleeing saying they were communist spies 
republicans call for halt to human program - new york times 
also tuesday , two senators announced a push for a formal authorization of military force agains .. 
us house pressures obama to kill refugee plan 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
" family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it was murder " 
annals of idaho : white conservatives also don't like it when their loved ones are shot and killed by the police 
anger and doubt rise after man’s encounter with 
good boy ; dindu nuffin . 
police are shooting good ol ' boys now . wonder if that will change any attitudes ? 
anger and doubt rise after idaho ranch owner's fatal encounter with deputies 
idaho deputies fatally shot a local man and his small western town seeks his justice 
family of man by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man's fatal encounter with deputies - new york times 

rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 

your wednesday briefing 

boko haram is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
last tues , an explosion in a nigerian city killed 32 people . 
boko haram is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 - the new york times 
boko haram , gop governors suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
boko haram suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
rt hey are you going to declare war on boko haram too ? 
shared a link 
another attack . evidence for thesis that displaced rebels/terrorists likelier to target civilians 
is suspected after explosion in kills 32 
sigh . 
terror striking around the world after paris attacks - " boko haram is suspected after exp … 
is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 via 
terrorism doesn't hit only western countries ! boko haram is suspected after explos° in nigeria kills 32 

sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 
nytimes : sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . 
rt it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . https : … 

what china has been building in the south china sea 
concerning destruction of reefs for island expansion in the south china sea ... 
one way to destroy a coral reef in the progress name by china 
china is converting entire reefs to islands in just one year . yet , we can't finish velachery-taramani link road 
what has been building in the south china sea : via 
very interesting time lapse of what china is building in the south china sea & why it's bad for us/china relations : 
rt the united states sent a ship into disputed south china sea waters . more context on why : … 
" all is fair in love and war " -- john lyly . unfortunately china forgot that reefs are actual living breathing ... 
rt amazing graphics on this nyt story about the chinese efforts to claim the spratly islands : 

officials at report std levels rising to alarming levels via 
scalia's a moron with idiotic comparison . justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections ( 
justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections , says why not child molesters ? via 
nope . we're done here . justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections 
so glad that in this time of hating muslims , scalia has found time to hate gay people too 
ignoring the history of civil rights , scalia equates laws protecting my marriage to laws protecting child molesters . 
well , this makes me so angry , i want to vomit : 
scalia's just being a troll here . because he hates to lose . and we're winning . via 
antonin scalia : supreme court justice questions constitutionality of gay rights protection scalia made his ... 
have you seen this ? i predict regressive left hashtag slacktivists asking for scalia to step down 
once again , it's the difference between the letter and the spirit of the thing . c'mon , scalia -- smell the coffee ! 
this dude is a turd . 
question - must remove poor treatment of gays from islam ? what about from christians here ? 
are you really going to compare it to pedophiles ? justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights via 
please file under “ headlines i wish i could unsee ” - 
realizing that people like these have doctorate degrees from harvard & yale proves education means nothing 
child abusers and pederasts hurt people . way to make analogies that don't work , scalia . via 
" ... mmmmm don't look at me , but , as i've said , it's unnatural ... and ... perverted also . " 
it's never nice to wish for someone's death , but it'll be so sweet when this fucker finally croaks 
so scalia can't distinguish between groups like black , gays or women and groups like child abusers and pederasts 
it's 2015 . stop comparing lgbt people to criminals & pedophiles . even for scalia this hate is beyond the pale . 
antonin scalia questions protections afforded to people ; says same logic could apply to child molesters . 
u.s. supreme ct justice scalia compares protecting people to protecting child molesters 
this language from scalia is irresponsible and hateful . i get you having a moral issue but supporting hate ... 
justice scalia reveals again that be doesn't seem to understand much of anything by comparing gays to child ... 
breaking : justice scalia is skeptical of carolene products footnote 4 . 
rt god bless justice scalia for presenting his anti-gay views in the most unattractive and unconvincing way possible . https :/ … 
uncharacteristic representation on nyt's part . scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
justice scalia is a sad , reprehensible , impotent man ; likens lgbtq+ protections to child molesters . via 
in news from the late 1700s : scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections :: via 
i used to think scalia had a great legal mind that i disagreed with . but really , he's just a smug asshole . 
rt justice scalia is not only an asshole , but one totally unaware of the world he lives in - 
fuck you - comparing legal protections of people to 
" you guys " being the comment section of free republic . | " i write the dissents for you guys " 
justice scalia equates rights to child molesters , can't trust this guy for giving people a fair hearing 
rt scalia sarcastically says lgbt protections could apply to child abusers , another " deserving minority . " … 

paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syrian refugees into the u.s. 
mohandesdean : rt nytimes : paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syria … 

12 . blog entry : bernie sanders , 2003-2011 american iraq war , conflict inappropriateness : sanders takes cue from dean 
on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " by patrick healy via 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " by patrick healy via nyt 
on invading sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
smart piece contrasting sanders and dean on invading iraq and ousting hussein . 
on invading learns from howard dean's mistakes 
on invading iraq , bernie answers katie couric with vivid context & clear common sense . true foreign policy prowess ! 
first draft : on invading bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
first draft : on invading iraq , bernie sanders … 
just say no : on invading takes a cue from 2016 

reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect - new york times -- = 
rt reports of gunfire in suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect — via 

rt don lemon said this . i'm just going to leave this here . 
don lemon doesn’t get offended 
rt horrified or amused this is a great read . brava don lemon doesn’t get offended 
interviewer " how does someone get to be as self-accepting as you ? " , don lemon " what's the alternative ? " 
" if you don’t make room for the possibility that you can be intolerant then there is a good chance that you are . " 
" i am setting out to inform people " : don lemon tries to explain away his awful and offensive reporting : 
don lemon : " i would like to have a judgment-free-zone place where we can go -- all of us -- and we can all talk . " 
" the best way to improve yourself is to improve yourself . " 
rt “ don lemon said this . im just going to leave this here ” ht … 
" i'd probably be a writer like james baldwin . " 
rt for those looking for the link : 
my comment on doesn’t get offended via 
don lemon thinks he could be jesus christ q : that sound you hear when don lemon talking ? a : 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

mourners reflected in the bullet-pierced glass of le carillon in paris on tuesday 

french president françois hollande said he'll travel to washington next week to meet with president obama 

raw talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of americ ... 
any bets on this year's mixing bowl ? a look at the surprisingly good sports teams at culinary institute of america 
perfect for c.i.a. steels play by play : slicing and dicing ! shaking and baking ! dishing and swishing ! 
rt coachburns2 food and sports . why didn't i go here ? - raw talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of … 
go steels . 
rt i bet the press meals at culinary institute of america sporting events are amazing : 
at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court 
the institute has gotten serious about a longtime staple of campus life , intercollegiate sports , but its players face demands unfamiliar to most of the nation’s student-athletes . 

nubia 1st baby to survive ebola having been born to infected mother 
guinea , last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
rt nubia was born in an ebola unit to a mom who died after giving birth . “ she’s broken all records , this little girl " https … 
after nearly two years , guinea begins the countdown to the end of the epidemic : 
last nation w/ may soon be declared free of . 
hopefully there will be some positive news on the way : may soon be declared free . via 
soon to be declared free - 
for the first time since march 2014 , no one is known to have ebola . 
last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
fingers crossed : last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
we deserve some good news ! last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
last known ebola patient worldwide getting treated is a 3-week old in guinea , which soon could be ebola-free . 

how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia 

rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attacks … 
police say target of raids was belgian suspect 
the paris prosecutor’s office said that the target of raids in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis was ... 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing … 
rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the at … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attac … 
points : police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , th … 

7 bryant park embraces its place in the city 
two conclusions from this article : i need to visit 7 bryant park , and i need to read what … 
two conclusions from this article : i need to visit 7 bryant park , and i need to read whatever harry cobb has written 
( source for quote : ) 
this new nyc building " makes the case for why architecture matters " 
this 30-story building is not just another spec office tower , but a work that makes the case for why architecture matters . 

maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the bataclan concert hall 
remember maxime bouffard — via 
points : maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the batac … 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan mas … — via 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan massacre 

across fear repercussions from 
[ refugees across europe fear repercussions from paris attacks [ 
refugees across europe fear repercussions from paris attacks : after fleeing their homeland to escape war and i ... 
ny times : refugees across fear repercussions from paris attacks 
after in fear growing suspicion of their hosts and hostility on the 
nytimes : refugees across europe fear repercussions from attacks 
rt across fear repercussions from paris attacks 
refugees fear repercussions i exist thanks to refugee asylum . urge yr governors to keep states open . ❤ ️ 
rt across europe fear repercussions from attacks make them feel safe at home https : … 

" after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via " 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via nytopinion 

an african king in 
an african king in – marvelous , tragic photographs ... 
this modest monarch can trace his lineage to west africa , where his ancestor prince uchicho was enslaved in 1820 . 
an african king in lbolivia 
lost royalty ? 
how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia via 
a simple , humble african king in bolivia 
new article in nytimes about the afro-bolivian king , julio pinedo ... 
just across from the touristic village of coroico , lives one of the remaining african kings !... 
rt jamesestrin : a simple , humble african king in bolivia nytimesphoto 
an african king and his wife , queen angelica , work in a small grocery store on the ground floor of their house in ... 
rt an african king in 
amazing story about african heritage in latin america : an africa king in bolivia 

what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis 
boingboing : rt nytimes : what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis … 

photos of the day 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 

rt as gawker and its " journalists " enter their death spiral , we can only hope they take jezebel with them . … 
gawker is said to retool as politics site 
gawker to retool as politics site 
o rly - gawker to retool as politics site - the new york times 
too many story possibilities to pass up ? -> gawker to retool as politics site 
gawker will retool as a politics site ahead of the 2016 election . 
we can help pay off debt . $1.6 billion in loans were issued through prosper in 2014 . peer-to-peer loans through pro … 
gawker going purely political .... 
ahead of the 2016 elections , plans to retool as political site what are your thoughts ? 
to retool as politics site via 
internet journalism news : to retool as politics site 
plans to shift its focus from media to politics . 
gawker will now become a political news site . via 
gawker to become even less relevant to nyc journalists than it used to be . whoopie . 
rt to as ' site ' ... 
rebooting as a politics site 
shuttering io9 ? changing focus to politics ? wtf is happening at gawker right now ? 
rt speaking of people who love to blow denton , why does the times always let his friend ravi publish these hand jobs ? https :/ … 
i don’t understand gawkers repositioning . if politics writing brought clicks , buzzfeed wouldn’t need animal gifs . 
rt what if they don't wrap up ? to retool as politics site 
rt gawker is going to become a politics site : 
nytpolitics : gawker will retool as a politics site ahead of the 2016 election . 
eugh . to ' retool ' as the daily show-style politics site 
gawker to retool as another dime a dozen far left political website . maybe soon owned by hulk hogan 
rt 🚨 exclusive : gawker will switch from covering new york & media and become a politics site 

excellent article on strategic limitations of 
the strategic limits of isis : 
the attacks in paris reveal the strategic limits of isis 
the attacks in reveal the strategic limits of 
" the main actors in the middle east deem other enemies to be more important " 
rt nyt : regional players prioritize own interests over isis . turkey w/ pkk , kurds w/ autonomy+territory & saudis w/ iran https :/ … 
the in reveal the strategic limits of 
the attacks in paris reveal the great article ... strategic limits of isis : 
oh , the complex webs we weave . 
although i don't think writer meant piece this way , it's an excellent argument for not doing very much about isis 
interesting analysis of why isis haven't been any country's enemy ( till now ) 
" much like al qaeda , isis has no support among the muslim people living in europe . it recruits only at the margins . " 
solid analysis of isis by olivier roy for the new york times 
wanr some perspective on isis and how idiculoysly complex the situation is and why there re no simple answers ?... 
france is perhaps alone in wanting and trying to annihilate isis . 
globalized terrorism isno more effective , strategically , than conducting aerial bombings without forces onthe ground 
" isis will hit the same wall as al qaeda : globalized terrorism is no more effective , strategically , than ... 

white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks 
it's really depressing to me that the world is just now waking up to what has been going on in syria for years 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks - new york times 
gop : obama refugee vetting “ doesn’t sound at all robust to me " white house affirms syrian refugee plan 
rt white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & … 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & humane 
white house affirms refugee plan despite paris attacks 
via nyt > middle east 

paris attacks give rise to fakes and misinformation 
rumors , fake tweets , and a selfie of a canadian mistaken for a terrorist : beware of misinformation after big events 
not surprising : give rise to fakes and misinformation shared via social media via 
la razón's fake terrorist front page makes it into the new york times : 
give rise to fakes and misinformation , including mainstream media 
rt a look at the altered images , bogus tweets and odd theories that spread across the internet after the paris attacks https : … 
paris attacks give rise to misinfo 
" people will share anything online in order to share something online . " - 
read when terror strikes , count on new york times spending its resources debunking and not investigating conspiracy . 
this is undeniably true that on the internet , there is always something surprises you yet it's fake . 
give rise to and | via by 
rt fascinating read about misinformation in the aftermath of tragedies . 
paris attacks give rise to fakes & | by 
a terrible part about the tragedies : people spreading harmful misinformation about the attacks , about innocents . 
please stop re-posting things you see on fb without checking them first . even the most benign posts can be ... 

security forces swarmed a paris suburb during an early-morning raid 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 
charlie sheen : i paid blackmailers $10 million to keep quiet about my hiv . 
" “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen in an interview with matt lauer " 

after paris attacks , vilifying refugees : 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " important editorial : 
" confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided . " -- 
a good editorial from the " after paris attacks , vilifying refugees " 
' confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable ' . interesting editorial : 
encabezado de hoy : after paris attacks , vilifying refugees see more 
the fear mongering by some in this country is sickening . it's not who we should be . after paris , vilifying refugees 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " thank you https … 
after vilifying refugees 
after " confusing refugees w/terrorists is morally unacceptable and ... misguided " interesting piece . 
rt refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
refugees r often fleeing from violence : mt post , vilifying refugees 
rt after " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " timely editorial on opening up to refugees . https :/ … 
rt some refreshingly blunt words from editorial . 
rt after attacks , the rush to vilify @ new york times editorial 

rt a woman in was killed when she detonated an explosive vest during a raid , french officials said . … 
a woman hiding out in an apartment in st. -denis was killed when she detonated an explosive vest 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - new york times 
top story : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special fo … see more 
top story : retweets woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by spe … see more 
woman killed in raid after detonating explosive vest - diesel , a 7-yr-old police dog , also killed 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces — via nytimesworld@ 
woman detonates suicide vest in st-denis raid in paris via 
top woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
paris : updates on the terror attacks : paris : updates on the terror attacks ! 
rt woman killed in raid in paris ; three men captured by special forces . live updates : 
woman killed in raid . 5 suspects arrested . 
the raid in st. -denis brought major disruption to residents and commuters 
woman killed in raid via 

facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials said 
a soccer match between and the was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat : 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , official … 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials s … 
points : a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled becau … 

what causes eye twitches ? 
ask ny times well blog : via 
eye twitches are often caused by stress , but involuntary eyelid spasms could be something more severe via 
this time of year we get more patients experiencing this common complaint . 
does your eye twitch ? read this to find out what causes it ! 
well : eye twitches 
an answer to a common question ! 
what causes the eye to twitch ? via 
why is my eye twitching ? via 
choice tidbit like our facebook page ... it's an education ! 
i have always wondered about this ... 

on in lead to more than 
strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results 
strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results yeah , i do have a few questions myself 
strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results - new york times 
" why , if there's is targets that could be hit w/o killing civilians , weren't they hit long ago ? what was being hit ? " 
rt results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” - 30 hit mainly outskirts … 
rt bombing for show ? us , syria , jordan , russia , now france : need revenge on isis ? drop a few bombs on raqqa ! syria https://… 
rt 1 . so if us can give france 10s of short-notice isis targets w/o killing civilians , why weren't they hit before ? … 
before every brit wets themselves in excitement over bombing isis in syria , it seems french airstrikes are for show . 
why , if there were targets that could be hit without killing civilians , were they not hit long ago ? 
strikes on raqqa in syria " targeting abandoned empty locations 
french airstrikes on mostly hit " abandoned empty locations " 
strikes on in lead to more questions than results : via 
rt french airstrikes on raqqa in syria , very little tangible results : nyt -- anyone surprised ? 
rt 2 . and if not , then are they hitting civilians/accepting more risk of that ? or empty land/bldgs , bombing for show ? https :/ … 
rt the barrage of french airstrikes didn't kill civilians , mostly hit empty buildings . … 
french and russian airstrikes on raqqa : more questions than answers . 
the airstrikes are renewing a debate about how effective such attacks can be in defeating or containing 
strikes on raqqa : relatives say recent french airstrikes did not kill civilians , hitting empty areas and buildings - 

charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep it secret 
we can help pay off debt . $1.6 billion in loans were issued through prosper in 2014 . peer-to-peer loans through pro … 
sad but not surprising given his lifestyle 
check out charlie sheen's interview on the today show this morning as he unveils secrets . 
commcore ceo speaks about the charlie sheen interview . 
rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 
rt we hope . announcement finally quiets tabloids . should not be stigmatized ! 
rt sheen paid millions to keep hiv secret - like we'd be shocked to know drug use , prostitutes had led to bad things http … 
the actor said he had known about the diagnosis for about four years but did not know how he contracted the virus . a … 
rt charlie sheen says he has hiv and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret … 
rt charlie sheen said he paid people “ into the millions ” to stay quiet about his hiv diagnosis ht … 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " seriously ? sorry to say , but you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " really , mr. sheen ? you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
rt charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep his diagnosis secret 
charlie sheen's hiv status : cs says he paid mllions t keep it quiet puzzlng : have we moved on s/ ' 80s ? 
rt he felt like he needed to keep it a secret . we can end stigma together ! 
actor charlie sheen has confirmed that he is hiv positive : 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret 
the reputation doctor® comments on in 
rt who's to blame for outing charlie sheen and his hiv secret : media , ' mates ' or both ? new york times https://… 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
points : he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert ha … 

awakening to a raid upstairs , and explosions - new york times : abc newsawakening to a raid upstairs , and explo ... 

clearly multi pronged strategies will need to be deployed how global powers can smash isis 
in case u didn't already think the nyt was garbage 
experts explain how global powers can smash 
rt an absolute must-read on a1 tomorrow about where isis came from , what it wants , and how to destroy it : … 
experts explain how global powers can smash spoiler alert : lots of conflicting solutions 
overheated rhetoric doesn't respond to the profound problem of & 
envisioning how global powers can smash isis 
one of the best articles i've read about the situation in bombast will not solve this problem 
rt experts explain how global powers can smash 
" how global powers can smash isis " isis is the result of criminality & immorality of the global powers themselves . 
how global powers can smash isis ... combined approaches .... 
tremendous piece about the nigh-impossible task of eradicating isil 
nytimes : experts say only decisive force and reform will defeat isis . 
rt too bad no woman has thoughts on https://… 
even if it is not isis and syrian people will continue to suffer under the replacement just as much if not more . 
has a state sponsor in pakistan that us coalition has refused to attack and hold pakistani state accountable for . 
conflict requires iran and saudi arabia to get on same page which is not possible with age-old sunni-shiite divide . 
’ ‘ iraq awakening ’ was just a mirage that vanished the day us payroll to sunni tribal leaders stopped . 
how do you defeat isis ? experts say decisiveness on assad & reformation within islam , at the least . by 
experts explain how powers can smash isis - the new york times 
that this has nothing to do with islam is disingenuous , there is a correlation btwn scripture and this 
credible and comprehensive . 
rt everyone talks about eradicating tell us what it would take . … 
what can we do with isis ? experts ' opinions 
- experts explain how can smash 
rt public has to see muslims as part of the solution to isis . https :/ … 

isis shows off bomb it says brought down jet 
the manhunt for the paris attackers - the new york times - 
top story : retweets isis shares image of explosive that it … see more 
isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian … — via 
rt in its magazine , is shows picture of what it claims is the type of schweppes soda can they used as an ied on plane https :/ … 
looks like clock boy has been at it again ... 
most surprising part of this is that isis has a " glossy online propaganda magazine " called dabiq : 
isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian jet 
isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian jet - new york times : new york ... 
rt isis photo of what they say is the ied that brought down the russian plane in the sinai : https :/ … 
top isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian jet … see more 
isis shows off it says brought down jet 
" 219 russians & 5 other crusaders " galling : if we mind sunni/shia split , can't isis read abt latin/greek schism ?! 

congrats to cormac gollogly & richard dowling , first couple to legally marry ! 
first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
" ireland’s first same-sex marriage ceremony was held tuesday in county tipperary after the new marriage ... 
top story : retweets first same-sex marriage ceremony held i … see more 
first marriage held in 
marriage dreams coming true on the 
voters approved - here is the 1st ceremony . 
rt first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
first same-sex marriage in ireland today ! 
douglas dalby teaching things mum can't . 
lots of things are terrible , but this is not . the first same-sex marriage in ireland : 
first same-sex marriage ceremony in ireland 
[ josh and skinner sit down . ] josh , the language doesn't prohibit same-sex marriage . josh of course it does . 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 
points : angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had … 

charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of d … — via 
charlie hebdo : “ screw them . we have champagne . ” 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of defiance 
live updates on the terror attacks investigation – via 
how do folks feel about charlie hebdo's cover ? is it bold ? insensitive ? both ? i want to say both . 
les inrockuptibles , charlie hebdo and others remain defiant against extremism 
ahh i love the french so much . " they have weapons . screw them , we have champagne ! " 
. on the latest charlie hebdo cover , and the message of defiance in french media after 
cover junkie 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 

diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in 
rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in the french national police said . … 
heroes come in all shapes and sizes . thank you for your bravery , diesel . 
this just destroys me , zero respect for any life . send isis to hell . via nytimesworld 
diesel , police dog , killed in raid on terrorists , which may included female suicide bomber 
rt a police dog named diesel died in st. -denis raid 
rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in https … 

quote of the day 

nytimes reports on racial hate crime on campus -- a pocahottie costume . 
on campus : stories from new york times readers 
racism on campus : stories by new york times readers . people lacking social awareness , empathy , relationship skills . 
yes . racism on campus isn't always blatant 
new york times readers were invited to describe their encounters with discrimination on campus , and tell what ... 
nyt story about " racism " on a campus includes no examples of students being excluded from academic classes/programs 
racism on campus : stories from readers . journalism prof is featured 
" [ faculty and student body are very diverse ... that makes a difference to how minorities feel on campus . " 
shoutout to prof . tom costello . rt : racism on campus : stories from ny times readers 
times readers talk about experiencing racism on their college campuses . add your comments . 
readers were invited to describe encounters with discrimination on campus . dozens shared their stories . 
racism on campus : stories from times readers 

what will it take to destroy isis ? experts from around the world weigh in . 

belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbeek 
top story : retweets police raid house in troubled brussels … see more 
top police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - the new york t … see more 
police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - new york times 
- police raid house in troubled neighborhood — 
points : belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbe … 

britain calls for closing of coal-fired power plants by 2025 
britain is planning on closing all its plants by 2025 . 
change : british government calls for closing of power plants by 2025 
britain to close coal-fired power plants by 2025 
‘‘ we ( britain ) will be one of the first developed countries to deliver on a commitment to take coal off the system . ” 
britain calls for closing of all coal-fired power plants by 2025 
britain calls for closing of power plants by 2025 
british government calls for closing all power plants in the country by 2025 
this political announcement brought to you by rise of gas & renewables (+stubborn nukes ) 
uk closing coal mines & plants ending coal-tech subsidies 
to close power plants by 2025 
britain to close coal-fired power stations by 2025 ($) 
this is a triumph of technology ( abc/anything but coal ) as much as political will/vision . 
arthur scargill , call your office ! 
britain will say " cheerio " to all coal-fired power plants ... by 2025 
analysts in new york times say uk's plans to close all plants could be " a decade could be too hasty . " 

former muse educator & historian of on street life & how it will endure : 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
the uncommon resilience of paris street life : 
the streetlife of the blocks where the paris attacks took place is resilient : they were as busy 100yrs ago as today 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
100-yr-old postcards of paris terror sites show same streets & storefronts , treasured because so inviting 
" people still go out b/c going out is something that paris invites us to do . " fantastic piece via 
rt wonderful article by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life 
it is good to know after the paris attacks that life will continue as it has for more than a century in the ... 
paris invites you 2 " explore , take wrong turns , fall in love , protest & have a drink in the same places others have " 
" people still go out because going out is something that paris invites us to do . " vintage snaps of the 10e : 
a thoughtful piece on the architecture of paris streets and why senseless acts of terrorism won't change them : 

an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
daesh are petty thieves , rapists , etc . no virgins for them ! suspect isis militant whose own family wished him dead 
chief suspect is an isis militant whose own family wished him dead 
sign of the times : fallen . col . 2:21 taste not , touch not , handle not . antichrist : the antichrist will use these ... 
rt isis militant whose own family wanted him dead deeply reported & a great read htt … 
rt the leader of the lived a pretty cushy life . he wasn't poor , uneducated , aggrieved etc … 
rt 1st thing to know about abaaoud , mastermind of his own family want him dead . ht … 
rt the chief suspect in the paris attacks was wanted dead by his own family . 
" i suddenly saw my picture all over the media . " nyt on his path from petty criminal to isis . 
abaaoud's story contradict this narrative a bit : 
rt a must-read about the family of the isis militant wanted in the paris attacks wanted him dead 
rt " abaaoud showed far more interest in thievery and drugs when he was a young man than in islam " 
rt first thing to know about abdelhamid abaaoud , target of this morning's paris raid : his own family wants him dead . https : … 
mastermind was shunned by family for becoming a violent jihadist . via 
rt sister of paris attack mastermind in fall 2014 : “ we are praying that abdelhamid really is dead . ” 
non sense . his family is lying . 
rt isis militant whose own family wanted him dead deeply reported & a great read pic.tw… 
3 . 2015 paris massacre , abdelhamid abaaoud , family dissent : an isis militant whose own family wanted him dead 
isis militant whose own family wanted him dead deeply reported & a great read pic . twitter ... 
has the same class base as classical fascism : fuck-ups , losers , criminals 
how bad is the guy behind the paris attacks ? his own family wishes him dead . 
rt abaaoud's sister : “ we are praying that abdelhamid really is dead ” father : " i don’t ever want to see him again " https://… 

charlie hebdo's latest cover offers a message of defiance 

rt the fact that this carson adviser tells the nyt this on the record just blows my mind ... https :/ … 
is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
" nobody has been able to sit with ben carson and have him get one iota of intelligent information about middle east " 
rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
( along with reality ) ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
ben carson , ignorant on foreign policy . and he's clueless ! unfit . 
i don't get the appeal of any republican candidate , but the people who openly support this dude are extra baffling . 
did you see this ? carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
rt your first and last moment of candor from the campaigns . 
is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say . no kidding & what's even better he's leading 
must read !!!! 
not as bad as " i can see russia from my window , " but close . ~ is struggling to grasp foreign policy ... 
rt correction : carson aides say he needs weekly foreign policy briefings to " make him smart " ; didn't say he'd had them https : … 
rt ben carson's adviser is trying to " make him smart . " 
😭 this is hilarious 
rt ben carson's own advisers say he's having a hard time understanding foreign policy … 
ben foreign policy adviser interviewed by nyt , uses " ethnic slur for the chinese " 
advisor on carson : “ nobody has been able to ... have him get one iota of intelligent information about the middle east ” 
i mean the president of the usa doesn't really need to understand foreign policy , right ????? 
you guys . " nobody has been able to sit down with [ carson ] and have him get one iota of info on the middle east . " 
ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , his own advisers say 
i imagine all the people that let operate on their brains are now crapping themselves 

rt the isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " … 
nytimes : the isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " … 

rt this 3-week-old girl is the last known ebola patient in active treatment in the world … 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
“ i know it’s pathetic , but this was one of the things that allowed me to try to keep some hope , ” he said . 
escaping the bataclan with a bloodied drumstick — via 

we’re living longer . that’s great , except for social security . 
top story : we’re living longer . that’s great , except for social security . see more 
we live longer . that's great , except for social security : fix ss by taking more money in & sending less out ( nyt ) 
we’re living longer . that’s great , except for via 
despite the political challenges , fixing social security is rather simple : take more money in , send less money out … 
not sexy , but can't be ignored in any election cycle . 
we're living longer . that's great , except for social security . 
social security tinkering to make it work for our grandkids . 
by the numbers : we’re longer . that’s great , except for 
very clear take on security from via 

psa isn't perfect but we can be smarter about using it , vanderbilt's david penson tells 
rt studies find prostate screening , early detection declines . 220k new cases expected in ' 15 https : … 
early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening 
studies find declines in screening and early detection of prostate cancer 
dave penson gives great interview in nyt on prostate cancer screening 
rt fewer men get screened for prostate cancer , and fewer cases are being found . is this good or bad ? time will tell . https : … 
early prostate cases fall along with screening 
“ with psa testing , we often detect cancers that don’t need to be treated " prostate advice put in doubt by new study 
less screening & less early detection of prostate cancer : declines could have public health implications ( nyt ) 
early cases fall along with - - 
why significant , concerning that early stage prostate cancer cases are falling as screening drops ? that's the point 
pendulum swing - fewer men are being screened for prostate cancer , fewer early-stage cases are being detected 
prostrate screenings drop coincides with lower number of cases . 
i don't agree with reduced screening it could be your life saved . decide based on the evidence of the screening . 
rt on the challenges of following medical guidelines - prostate cancer edition 

the band eagles of death metal makes a statement on the paris attacks . read it in full : … 
nytimesbusiness : rt nytimes : the band eagles of death metal makes a statement on the paris attacks . read it in ful … 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
i love he does a great job rt “ don lemon doesn't get offended ” 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

isis's mistake . free people don't run . we stand our ground . nyc did after 9/11 . paris after 11/13 . they won't win . 
if you read 1 paris story today : on " the french way " " they'll never kill that " stay for the kicker 
" we are as free as the air . " 
return to cafes in a show of defiance 
french return to cafes and bistrots in a show of resolute determination 
nycjim : rt jmartnyt : if you read 1 paris story today : lizalderman on " the french way " " they'll never kill that " … 
' with this simple act , we’re showing that we are never going to let the terrorists get at the heart of france ' 
parisians find the perfect -- and perfectly french - way of responding to the terrorists . 
" they have weapons . screw them , we have champagne . " 
“ they were trying to kill our very culture — the french way of life . they will not succeed . ” 
return to cafes in a show of defiance pos t-t errorism➡️🌍 
parisians say " fuck you , islamists " by returning to the cafés . "“ this was an attack on our way of life . " 
rt french return to cafes in defiance via 
rt i'll drink to that : french defy terror with a sip of wine . 
" still , they are french , and defiance seems to course through their veins . " 
" what better way to declare the endurance of france than to live it up at a cafe ? " here's from paris . 
paris returns to life as normal 
i'm tempted to get on a plane to paris & enjoy all the cafes i can for a week . " french return to cafes in defiance " 
french return to cafés in a show of defiance --> 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

yesterday , senate voted to block centerpiece of policy 
rt senate blocks obama’s rules - obama has promised a veto 
senate votes to block obama’s climate change rules 
senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
the republican senate blocking solutions to climate change . not surprising , yet still a disgrace . 
complete idiocy ! senate votes to block obama’s climate change rules 
rt the senate blocks president obama’s climate change rules . via … 
senate votes to block cc 
thank you senator ayotte of new hampshire 
yesterday , the senate voted to repeal the thankfully , promised to veto and 
senate votes to block climate change rules 
shameful and insane --> related : 
there's a rumble in the legislative jungle - the us is working to block 
nyt : senate votes to block clean power plan 
senate votes to block to try to create confusion before vows to veto 
senate votes to block obama’s change regulations , in an effort to undermine his position before 
- votes to block rules , 
senate votes to block obama’s rules 
they are leading the country and world to destruction by legislating profit above all else . remove them from power . 
senate votes to bury heads deeper in the sand on reveals depth of allegiance to fossil fuel industry 
usa congress : senate led by votes 52-46 to block obama’s rules ; veto pending nyt 
mcconnell says : “ here’s what is lost in this administration’s crusade for ideological purity : the livelihoods of ... 
rejects epa regs , but lacks veto-proof supermajority 
senate can block climate-change rules . they voted yesterday to do so . that's 1 of the reasons y it's up to us to act . 
rolls coal ; cuts off route to cutting power plant emissions . 
rt senate-passed bill to cripple won't become law -- white house has promised president obama will veto h … 

watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terror attacks . 
watch live : obama holds news conference 
nytpolitics : watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terr … 
watching live @ notre dame cathedral in paris , a memorial service 
live now . 
watch live : memorial service at cathedral of notre-dame 
paris under siege -- watch live here 
watch live : attacks in paris - the new york times 
watch live : french prosecutor speaks on suspect in paris attacks 
watch live : french prosecutor on suspect 
françois molins speaks at a news conference on wednesday , after police raided an apartment in the paris suburb of st. -denis . 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 
live coverage : paris attacks 
updates on the 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
we should not give the gift of hate via 
nytimesworld : updates on the 
the raid is over , but residents are advised to stay put . see all updates on our live blog : 
eddie 

nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 
nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus via nytimes 
nytimes : nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 

rt if you agree : refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 
international relations stories u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned … see more 
u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats ’ 
" many are fleeing extremism and terrorism – from the very people associated with the paris attacks . " 
it breaks my heart that the even has to make this statement : " refugees should not be scapegoats , " via 
live coverage | un agency says refugees should not be turned into ' scapegoats ' - new york times 
refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats’! unhcr statement says it all : 

your tuesday briefing 
start your day with : " your via 
your briefing 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

race 
might be an unpopular view but if we're talking lesser of evils in the gop race , jindal was one . 
not his time , i agree . 
if it's ever bobby jindal's time it will be my time to leave the country 
bobby jindal quits repub presidential race wrecking ball bobby throws in the towel ... and leaves the demolition site 
jindal asked his supporters to move to mike huckabee . that should move mike to double digits ... 17 total supporters ... 
piyush , what took you so long ? quits republican presidential race 
famous last words : " we spent a lot of time developing detailed policy papers . " ( louisiana governor bobby jindal ) 
rt race 
“ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time , ” - drops out via 
now what am i supposed to do with all of these red and green " jindal all the way ! " sweaters ? 
rt days before the vitter-edwards vote , jindal drops out 
rt a bit more , with on the rise and fall of jindal > 
nytimes : jindal drops bid for the republican nomination one more drops out . who's next ? 

our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
rt rt nytimes : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of … 
rt our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
points : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feas … 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate " there is hope 

i love brussels sprouts and these sliders look yummy . 
brussels sprouts sliders 
looking for a side dish or appetizer for the vegetarians at your celebration ? 

what travelers can expect in paris 

ny times : blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in 
blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in rugby 
rugby lost a trailblazer when jonah lomu fell to kidney disease today at 40 . kia ora , mate . 
rt daniellancaste8 : rt kiisplay : nytimes sport : rugby : blending size and speed , jonah lom … 

love brussels sprouts ? we have an idea for you . 

is changing its focus 
nytimes : is changing its focus 

rt two of ben carson's top advisers say he's struggling to grasp foreign policy 
we can't be experts in everything . i can't perform brain surgery , but i wouldn't attempt it . 

you probably have a to-go pasta dish . next time , try this one instead . 

britain to close its coal-fired power stations by 2025 

at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court 
rt rt nytimes : at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the … 
nytimes : at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court … 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 
nytimesarts : rt nytimes : must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . … 

french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking the public not to publicize the locations 
don't publicize police action on social media , say french police , it impedes operations 
french police ask people not to share locations of nationwide checkpoints they set up : 
🇺🇸 french police set up checkpoints all over france , but asking the public not to publicize the locations ( ny times ) 
points : french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking … 

witnesses describe raid in st. -denis via 
witness describes raid in st. -denis 
security forces swarm paris suburb via 

france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says 
“ the people running from iraq and syria are attacked by the very same people who attacked us . ” 
top story : france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says - the … see more 
vive la refuge : french pres hollande says his country will still accept 30,000 syrian refugees in the next 2 years . 
all the american policy makers talking about not accepting syrian refugees - seriously , gfy . 
rt us governors , take note : france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — 
the moral thing to do . never again . 
france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees [ -- us to continue to look stupid to everyone else ] 
make of this what you will : france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , 
still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
ummmmm ( but good news that france will continue to accept refugees ) 
btw even after attacks , france still accepting 30k refugees . here in the us ... only fear . 
they must be super scary people . 
hollande says france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees 
glad to hear innocent refugees won't be penalized for violence committed by the people they are fleeing from 
france will lead by example and take in the 30,000 syrian refugees it said it would before last friday's attack 
rt american politicians should draw a lesson from hollande instead of pandering to fear via nytime … 
france will keep its promise to take in 30,000 refugees over the next 2 years , president françois hollande says ht … 
france not a ' fraidy cat .. will take in 30,000 syrian refugees as promised . 
france will still accept syrian refugees : 
france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
france - france ! - showing more openness to refugees than u.s. repub governors via 
just shows the compassion , not close minded ! france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees via 
the french are cool ! rt ~ despite attacks … france still plans to accept 30,000 from iraq . 
let governors see this ! 
despite attacks in paris , france still plans to accept 30,000 refugees from syria , iraq . 
u . s politicians . take note : 
maybe texas could learn a thing or two about humanity from france 
france will take in 30,000 refugees over next 2 years . “ our country has the duty to respect this commitment . ” 
pres . hollande and france show civility and courage in the face of barbarism and cowardice : via 
if they're christian ? 
france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , so what's your excuse us ? via 
as gop postures against people in need , france continues to accept refugees 

racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 
revjjackson : rt nytimes : racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 

what century-old photos from the sites of the paris attacks tell us about france's capital 

at least 24 countries have been the host of attacks by , or inspired by isis . this , i believe , is , and will be ... 
attacks around the world . 
rt the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 
rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january 
rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 
isis is likely responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria : 
the tragedy in paris is just one of many isis attacks on innocent civilians . has a timeline worth reading : 
isis responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria- updated for paris attacks ( via 
rt quoted in article on isis and their " trilogy of terror " iraq/syria , their wilayats , & now capable cells … 

rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , according to his advisers 

belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack , official says 
call to arms in france amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
rt false reports of gunfire during vigil highlights the anxiety in paris . more news here : … 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspects 
rt belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack 
raid brussels area in search for terror suspect 
french version of usa patriot act “ … called on monday for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists . " 
the world salutes the french victims but nothing on the russian victims of the plane : double standard ... 
rt next you'll tell me this man isn't really belgian https : … 
rt it is critical that " war " on does not subvert democracy or become a crusade against muslims . … 
paris attacks plotted by belgian who fought for isis , french officials say 
so this sounds like the setup to something like l'acte de patriote 
nyt : president hollande calls for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists at home , 
on-the-run paris suspect salah abdeslam was stopped by the french police on saturday but was let go when his paper … 
hacker news - french president hollande seeks to amend constitution 
hollande seeks new legislation that would create more flexibility for combating 
" our democracy has prevailed over much more formidable opponents than these cowardly assassins , " mr. hollande ,... 
call to arms in amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspect in 
rt president hollande vows revocation of french citizenship for dual nationals convicted of terrorism http … 
abaaoud was already a suspect in a failed jan plot in belgium & aug plot 2 shoot passengers on paris-brussels train 
the mastermind leader of the paris attack was not syrian or middle eastern but belgian ! 
holland calls 4 new powers after paris attacks lets show isis whos boss by giving up our rights 
d'you suppose hollande will call it the " patriot act " , too ? " mr. hollande called for quick action by parliament ... 
rt if we continue to follow us & france foreign policy to absurdity , they should be bombing raqqa , brussels & chartres . ht … 
" france is at war . " -- president hollande . 
" terrorism will not destroy the republic , because it is the republic that will destroy it . " dat juxtaposition doe . 
french government turns up the heat on isis . what are the " exceptional " measures here ? civil liberties in trouble ? 
thoughts ? 
fr pres calls for const amendments that would give the gov flexibility to conduct raids without a warrant 
president hollande , what you are requesting is a slippery slope sir . 
hollande calls for new powers to ‘ eradicate ’ isis after paris attacks 
hollande calls for constitutional amendments to enable fight against terror . 
since when is changing the constitution to enable a police state not giving in to terror ? nyt-call to arms in france 
call to arms in france amid manhunt hollande seeks to amend constitution 
policing in america changed forever after 9/11 . the legislation france seeks for greater surveillance is frightening 
if getting to know incoming refugees was the solution , then it stands to reason that one's refugee family members ... 
police raids in france and belgium seek paris attack suspects 

an early-morning raid north of paris 
an early-morning raid north of paris : the french police conducted a raid in st. -denis aimed at detaining ... 

storm system batters colorado and texas - - 
" storm system batters colorado and texas " by dave montgomery and christine hauser via 
same storm blocked both co residents in the snow and brought tornadoes to tx tuesday 

obama calls on beijing to stop construction in 
" sure . happy to oblige ....... sike . " 
meanwhile in - 
calls on to stop construction in - 
president obama on wednesday called on china to stop building on contested islands in the south china sea ,... 
nice try , mr. president , but you know perfectly well they're not gonna stop ... 
john cusack calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea 

gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

" tous au bistrot ! " “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
love this : a rallying cry in paris : everyone to the bar ! via 
good food , wine , friendships , & laughter remind us once again why we do what we do <3 
for my " drink ! " students . a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
“ it will be an act of peaceful resistance ” 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ - the new york times 
one of the many ways that new yorkers and parisians are kindred spirits 
a very act of defiance . — “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : tous au bistrot ~ everyone to the local bar-restaurant ! 
that's the way to do it . " a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar ! " 
i'll drink to that ! 
parisian restaurant owners are calling for a very french act of defiance . tous au bistrot via 
you know the best way to stay alive ? you keep living . rallying call in paris , via 
let's stand in solidarity with these parisians ! get to the bar ! 
" go to a place where you can have a beer , some peanuts , a plate of sausages , anything " 
" “ everyone to the bar ! ” ... ( ... and have a white russian on me ...! ) 

facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis 
profile frozen , then restored , for user named 
isn’t worth sharing this ? : 
facebook profile frozen , then restored , for user named isis — via 
lol the nyt doesn't know shit about archer 
be careful if you post a bob dylan song , folks 
points : facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis 

details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 
the manhunt for the paris attackers - the new york times 
nytimes : details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 
details for bataclan attack found on cellphone in paris trash can … — via 

2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
new york times most viewed stories : 2 air france planes are diverted from paris ari pregen 
global islamist terror : two air france flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over phoned bomb threats ... from usa 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over concerns 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over security concerns - new york times 
leia no > 2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over secur … see more 
2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over security concerns - 

what china has been building in the south china sea 
rt why build aircraft carriers when you can build islands ? 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
nytimes : anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
victim’s husband tells terrorists , ‘ i will not give you the gift of hate ’ 
husband tells ‘ i will not give you the of 
courage : " you won't have my hate ... i will play on " not scared not mistrustful not sacrificing liberty for security 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
posted " victim’s husband tells terrorists " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
paris attacks : " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
rt it takes the grace of god to let go & let god ... 
a victim's spouse speaks love to hate 
victim's husband tells terrorists , ' i will not give you the gift of hate ' via thanks 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

rt congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 
" the vetting process is 18-24 months " how long is it in canada ? 

thanksgiving recipes - nyt cooking 
yummy recipes for thanksgiving from the new york times ! 
the thanksgiving recipes are up . i feel stuffed just looking at them ! - nyt cooking 
amazing 
looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative recipes a try ! 
let's see if my meal is edible this year . i try and try and try . 
new york times interactive thanksgiving menu planner 🦃 
getting lost in this thanksgiving meal planner feature . everything looks so good . ( maybe b/c it's dinner time rn ) 
our menu planner will help you craft the best thanksgiving for everyone at your table . 
build your go big or go home , i say : thanksgiving recipes 
how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . 
what are your upcoming thanksgiving plans ? will you be traveling or will travelers be visiting you in long beach ?... 
some people dread the harriedness of holidays . but i love spending hours pouring over magazine spreads of old ... 
you must take a look - it is interactive and so much fun ! ready ... steady ... go and plan that thanksgiving menu ! 
making this day great : the happier podcast and madness 
rt rt academykierland looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creati … 
rt rt azdavidcreed looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative … 
" thanksgiving for all " ->> sept . vogue , on newsstands near you . ( or online : ) 
getting ready for thanks to 
rt how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . https … 
hint . for all those who have invited me for t-day , please check out the menu & recipes . look forward to sharing ... 
how to make turkey + all the fixings ! ht 
can't wait to host next year in my home ! 

photos : an early-morning raid north of paris 

governors can find ways to influence where refugees settle after all ( h/t 
“ the last thing a refugee agency wants to do is give in to this un-american , political and knee-jerk reaction . ” 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars 
i miss my home state ... it's really beautiful sometimes . 
proud today to live in new haven , ct , home of and , soon , the newest immigrants to the us . 
indiana finds more ways to make headlines | detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 
11th-hour detour puts family of 3 , including a 4-year-old , in connecticut as bars refugees 
what gov decision about refugees meant for one family . 
syrian refugee family headed for indiana now had to change plans : 
about that the yuge refuge flood trump and others keep talking about : " 187 syrians arrived in the month of october " 
indiana asked private refugee agency to redirect syrian refugees family , and agency then found them a new home 
more uncomfortable press for our state thanks to tone deaf governor . come on november 2016 !!! 
i literally just read this or i would have asked him myself if it comes up , can you try for comment ? 
only thing we have to fear is fear itself : 11th-hour detour puts family in conn . as indiana bars syrian refugees 
despite cuomo's adament comments to the contrary , governors clearly do have some authority over refugee placement 
after waiting 3 years for approval to enter u.s. , syrian refugee family diverted to ct when indiana gov says no 
ah , indiana in the news again . connecticut is probably nicer anyhow . 
kudos to for welcoming syrian refugees denied relocation in indiana . 
hoosier hospitality and compassion : 11th-hour detour as indiana bars syrian refugees 
to help " our agencies are in consultations w/community organizations , local&state governments + schools . " 
glad to see my native state step up in the wake of mike pence's craven failure . thanks , ct and gov . malloy . 
shame on you you are despicable , and an embarrassment to this isn't hoosier hospitality . 
syrian refugee family turned away from indiana will be settled in new haven 
is the gop going to start banning french and belgian citizens from their states too ? 
syrian refugee family turned away from indiana , end up in in connecticut 
“ the last thing a refugee agency wants 2do is give in 2this un-american , political +knee-jerk reaction ” via 
reshuffling only to hospitable states " not impossible , but far from ideal ” - hias vp melanie nezer 
refugees looking to resettle are being turned away in the last minute . 
syrian refugees are not in the usa during process . see & 
indiana gov's ban on syrian refugees forces aid groups to scramble to find family a home 
iris - integrated refugee & immigrant services makes today's the new york times . 
mike pence is the most embarrassing governor in the nation . 
welcome to indiana , unless you're not white , christian or straight . 
turns out , governors can refuse refugees : 11th-hour detour puts family in as governor bars 
rt : turns out , governors can refuse refugees : 11th-hour detour puts family in as governor bars … 
rt syrian refugee family was set to go to indiana , till governor said no . now on their way to new haven . https : … 
rt indiana shuts out syrian refugees , telling agency to find another state ; connecticut welcomes family . … 
11th-hour detour puts family in as indiana bars syrian refugees : 
shopowner , wife & 4 yr old . real brave , gov . pence . 11th-hr detour puts family in conn . as ind . bars syria refugees 
state legislatures are able to keep syrian refugees out in practice/ 11th-hr detour puts family in ct instead of in 
11th-hour detour puts family in as bars 
rt story just made it into the nytimes 
the governors of new york and connecticut , both democrats , have emphatically said syrian refugees are welcome ,... 
so sad . 11th-hour detour puts family in as indiana bars syrian 
this infuriates me . gov , please open that bible of yours to matt . 25:35 . hoosiers i know welcome families in need . 

isis shares an image of the explosive it says brought down a russian jet 

end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
attorney general seeks to stop fanduel and draftkings 
end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry -- by 
periotecno : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
ny state attorney general is expanding his investigation into daily fantasy sports sites 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company ( ny times ) . 
top story : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added t … see more 
avoid bloomberg businessweek if you crave accuracy . yahoo info here : 
marissa mayer must think illegal gambling and socially irresponsible activities like this are okay if they make $$ . 
end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to … 
end sought to fanduel and draftkings in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
looks like yahoo might be swept up in the fight between new york and daily fantasy sports sites fanduel/draftkings 
yahoo now under scrutiny by ny attorney general over its daily fantasy sports games . $yhoo http:// 
end sought to sites in is said to be added to inquiry 
if they go after yahoo next , where is my team going to finish last next year ??? 
yahoo is said to be added to inquiry on fantasy sites in new york 
end sought to fantasy football sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry > 
rt end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to … 
first & ... now !! 
yahoo added to new york inquiry into daily fantasy sports sites 
yahoo , yahoo ! has you in his crosshairs . 
top story today : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be a … see more 
rt source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company … 

rt so to be clear : none of the 5 paris attackers identified so far is syrian . 
excellent guide breaking down the manhunt for the paris attackers . 
rt 2 dead in raid seeking top planner | updated : finding the links among the paris attackers https://… 
rt all 5 id'd paris attackers eu citizens , have been in syria - among foreign fighters who colonized parts of syria . https://… 
top story : what we know about the paris attackers see more 
rt every person implicated so far in the paris attacks has been a french or belgian citizen . none is a syrian migrant . https :/ … 

the paris attackers : who were they ? 
paris attackers : who were they ? and why do we care abt ppl with shitloads of q's in their shitty names ? 
why would they do this ? painful 2 watch , important 2 know . the attackers the victims : 
who were the attackers in paris ? video . 
rt a snapshot of seven men suspected in the paris attacks . who were they ? by 
who are the paris attackers ? very informative video piece by my colleague 
prevention of radicalism ; possible only through cooperation w/ muslim immigrants paris attackers : who were they ? 

top story : retweets paris prosecutor describes st. -denis ra … see more 
paris prosecutor describes st. -denis raid & gun battle 
french prosecutor says abdelhamid abaaoud , suspect in the paris attacks , is not in custody 

after bloodshed , tv can be cathartic , or insensitive 
when tv turns itself off 
when tv turns itself off - new york times 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " … 
when tv turns itself off we are a bit too sensitive at times . 
rt new : on tragedy , terrorism dramas and why pulp entertainment is not just appropriate but necessary . 
james on why the tendency of tv nets to pull episodes that echo terrorist attacks isn't necessarily good 
should tv networks cancel , postpone or rearrange their schedules in response to terrorist attacks ? 
when terrorists strike , television networks respond , sometimes sensitively and other times perhaps unnecessarily . 
rt great point by 
when broadcast tv self censors … " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares — communal , cathartic ... " 
should tv networks pull sensitive shows after a tragedy ? : “ we should not be surprised that extremists excoriate p … 

rt congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 
congressional democrats cautiously defend refugee program 
" the vetting process is 18-24 months " how long is it in canada ? 

france-england game is a friendly in every sense of the word 
op-ed : < /span > explaining terror to children 
last night's france vs . england redefined the meaning of a football ( soccer ) ' friendly ' 
followers that love soccer , this is worth time about the france-england friendly and what it means : 
“ la marseillaise ” during the friendly was uplifting to hear beyond any measure 
game is a in every sense of the word 
this france-england friendly game meant nothing , but nothing felt like everything . 
sometimes a friendly is just that . on england-france , which meant nothing but felt like everything . 
" the players had a duty to show the unstoppable tumble that is being alive . " 
friendly steeped in fraternity . all wembley sings “ la marseillaise ” at france-england match . sniff , 
this // normally , the visiting team’s anthem would be played first ; on this night , “ la marseillaise ” was played last 
france-england game was a friendly in every sense of the word 
lovely match report on a " friendly " between france and england 
lovely , lovely match report on france-england " friendly " 
france receives a friendly embrace in england 

as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality 
" as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via ambivalent about these 
facebook french flag profile picture change erupts inequality discussion via 
damned if you do , damned if you don't! complaints of inequality for french flag filter . via 
thats why i did not change my profile picture as french flag 
as tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
top story : retweets as social media tributes pop up , so do … see more 
my short post on fb's french flag debacle , and how the lebanese flag made it to profile pics without facebook's help 
social media tributes-complaints of inequality - helping all cries have the option to be heard — via 
why did blatantly ignore and do nothing when warned . 

rt did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? fact-checks him . … 
" he was less clairvoyant than he suggests . " 
did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? nytpolitics fact-checks him . … 

storm system batters colorado and texas 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 

rt french return to cafes in a show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” … 
rt rt french return to cafes show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” https … 

" the single best thing travelers can do to help is to stay in paris and to keep coming to the country . " 
what travelers can expect in 
how can tourists help ? : " stay in and to keep coming to the country " via 
in the aftermath of the attacks in the new york times has compiled useful information about what to ... 
“ the french need support now more than ever & want to return to normal life . ... not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
message to tourists : “ the french need support now more than ever , & leaving or not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
what can expect in 
here is a rundown on how hotels , airlines and cultural sites are accommodating travelers to paris 
also i wish i could give blood , but as a cancer survivor i believe i'm not allowed .... 
the best thing can do to help is to keep visiting paris and not be scared away . 
here is some helpful advice from the for anyone travelling to 
great article 

ireland holds its first same-sex marriage ceremony 

in rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame | 
in rise of isis , no single missed key , many strands of blame 
isis was born out of america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army 
rt isis was born out of america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army h … 
rt isis was born out of america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army htt … 
rt george w . bush's iraq invasion created isis , ignored it . excellent analysis by via … 
recent follower here and learning a great deal . your thoughts on this ? 
" while he had a reputation as a thug , mr. zarqawi demonstrated keen instincts for strategic thinking . he clearly ... 
excellent overview by of isis and how it's evolved since 2010 , when the us considered it a minor threat 
a warning on isis , ignored : “ this was one of those nobody wanted to see , ” said ltgen flynn 
rt isis flag found in 2008 — early signal of the group’s rise . my look at the group’s rebirth . … 
what did we miss and what can we do now about - 
rt in rise of isis , by nyt's who knows iraq like few others 
in rise of no single missed key but many strands of blame 
another cracking read ( very different subject though ): rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame 

rt marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
y esto es lo peligroso " le pen’s anti-islam speech gains influence in france " 
de lo peor ... marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 

the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! the art ! 
why coney island remains " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years . coney island : the hot dogs ! the art ! 
coney island fanatics can go see this show at the brooklyn museum starting friday 
“ it’s an interesting kind of crazy . ” : 
an exhibition at tracks coney island through its stylish rise , slow decline and eventual revival . 
excited for this coney island exhibit seems to have some really quirky but interesting art : 
dreams of the bygone 
in 1950's when i was a teen steeplechase was the " world " . till scumbag fred trump ruined it . read : 
inspired by coney island at 
coney island : the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! art ! wanna see this show " visions of an american dreamland " 
why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 
an exhibition at the brooklyn museum tracks coney island through its stylish rise , slow decline and eventual revival . 

an 11th-hour detour puts a family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 

the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to residents and commuters 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
top story : retweets paris : updates on the terror attacks - … see more 
points : the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to resid … 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
" heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid " fails 
rt french police raid targets mastermind … 
french police raid targets mastermind 🇫🇷 

rt facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 
rt : nytimes : facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant frm belgium whose family wanted him dead 

what's happening to obamacare premiums 

is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? | fishbowldc 
is changing its focus 
gawker to rebrand as political news site : internet gossip pioneer is moving in a new edi ... 
editor-in-chief explains the sites ' politics via 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or a head-scratcher ? 
will morph into a site focused on politics , its founder and top editor said . 
my favorite website is 
nytimes : is changing its focus 
the anti-politico to focus on political news and away from gossip 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a sit ... 
is diversity a blind spot for a very interesting read - what's your take ? 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a site that pioneered the … 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a sit ... … 
drops weird news , four employees - washington post ( blog ) 
new york times gawker to retool as politics site new york times a site that pioneered the … 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ via 
cuts staff as site focuses on politics 

you probably have a to-go pasta dish . next time , try this one instead . 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
some of tight-knit dynamics ; interesting piece from on " anger , doubt " after fatal encounter 
" family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it was murder " 
annals of idaho : white conservatives also don't like it when their loved ones are shot and killed by the police 
anger and doubt rise after man’s encounter with 
good boy ; dindu nuffin . 
police are shooting good ol ' boys now . wonder if that will change any attitudes ? 
anger and doubt rise after idaho ranch owner's fatal encounter with deputies 
idaho deputies fatally shot a local man and his small western town seeks his justice 
family of man by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man's fatal encounter with deputies - new york times 

eagles of death metal make first statement on paris attacks 
eagles of death metal make first statement on paris attacks “ love overshadows evil . ” 
story eagles of death metal make first state … see more 
the band , which was headlining at the bataclan on friday when gunmen stormed the venue , said on f ... via 

diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to the dismay of some 
a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid — via 
rt more about diesel , the french police dog killed during a counterterrorism raid outside of paris 
rt a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid — 
rest in peace , diesel , hero french dog of st. denis . 
isaranjuez : rt nytimes : diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to … 
nytimes : diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to the dismay of … 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

fifa rejects sepp blatter's appeal . maybe he didn't offer enough . you'd think he'd know the going scale for bribes . 
blatter and platini lose fifa appeals and remain suspended 
soccer , international federation of association football ( fifa ) , blatter , sepp , platini , michel via nyt 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck , and why via 

rt after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via 
after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via nytopinion 
" after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via " = f 

the eiffel tower is closed again 
eiffel tower is closed once again - new york times 
it has been confirmed that the eiffel tower is closed due to a bomb threat 
eiffel tower is closed once again — via nytimesworld 
updates on paris . 
" responding to hatred with anger would be to fall to the same ignorance that made you the people you are . " a . leiris 

rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 
rt aigriffin : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had batt … 
“ rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease ” sad day . such a great player 
nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 

scamming vulnerable people can be a huge business . psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client . 
psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client is the business ethical ? 
manhattan psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client - - 
manhattan psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client plse expln diff btwn this and religion's promises 
it's amazing how stupid people are . psychics are con artists . 
manhattan psychic admits taking over $550000 from lovelorn client - new york times 
you just can't make this shit up . $ 550,000 for psychic to raise the dead 
love is wasted on the young , money on the rich . 
how stupid can people be ? $us550 , ooo ! 

" morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . " 

an in-depth analysis on why is so far ahead via 
how amazon’s long game yielded a retail juggernaut 
amazon invested in infrastructure instead of focussing on quarterly profits - and now that investment is paying off 
long-term strategic orientation - did it help or hinder amazon ? 
how amazon's long game yielded a retail juggernaut 
" prime alters the psychology of shopping " & other reasons dominates retail : via 
kudos to sly for linking to 1 of his old stories as example of an " overblown " fear . 
jeff bezos bucked the trend of seeking shor t-t erm results to create an addictive shopping experience few can match … 
rt amazon has overcome doubts about whether scale would mean profit , and prime is the key , writes 
might be interested in this ny times article on how became a retail juggernaut : 
" in north america and europe , e-commerce as an expansive category ... is on the wane . bezos has already won the game . " 
amazon’s enormous investments in infrastructure and logistics have begun to pay off : 
how amazon's long-term strategy of big scale investment and wafer thin profits is starting to pay off , by 
what’s the differentiator ? selection . service . convenience . ui . amazon has all that . how do you compete with that ? 
how long game yielded a juggernaut 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
your date/model . let's go somewhere exotic & try new things . book ... 
very useful timeline from nytimes . 
top story : retweets where isis claims it has struck , and wh … see more 
where claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck since october 3 , and why 
russell goldman and karen yourish teaching things mum can't . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 

finding the links among the paris attackers 
nbcinvestigates : rt nytimes : finding the links among the paris attackers 
finding the links among the paris attackers via 

“ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race 
rt nytimes : “ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race … 

. how do we ' shop around ' ( as you proposed ) , when shopping around is not an option ? 
nytimes-getting a plan from c o-o p running at a loss is a " bargain " -in many obamacare markets , renewal not an option 
in many obamacare markets , renewal is not an option 
how are changing where you live ? latest analysis from and 
interactive map in this story shows where obamacare rates went up , where they went down , and by how much : 
in many markets , renewal is not an option as companies struggle to comply & still make money 
change of plan : in many obamacare markets , renewal … 
awesome work from and on renewals . interactive map shows benefit of shopping for better deal 
what's happening to obamacare premiums 
widespread cancellations of health plans reflect continuing shifts in a health insurance market that has existed in this form only since 2014 . 

aung san suu kyi has moved toward dominance in myanmar . her words have become provocative . 

( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 
thnks 2 4 thanksgiving desserts from me & 
now i know what to do with my chestnut flour and bag of cranberries . thanks 
bless for chocolate chestnut cake & cranberry curd tart recipes via & 
a couple ideas for gluten-free desserts fro upcoming holiday . 
( if not guilt-free ) desserts 
( and maybe not guilt-free ! ) thanksgiving desserts : via 
nut flours are key to indulgent , gluten-free desserts 
rt ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 
¿cuál es tu restaurante favorito sin gluten ? : gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiv ... 
gluten-free ( if not guild-free ) thanksgiving via 
city kitchen : ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving wheat-free chocolate … 
wheat-free chocolate chestnut cake and a cranberry version of the classic lemon curd tart may help you exercise restraint . 

message gains influence in 
wonder how that'll play out in france w/ marine le pen's message gaining traction & upcoming election 
who didn't see this coming ? exactly what those thugs wanted : le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
marine le pen's anti-islam message gains influence in france - 
terrifying : marine le pen's gaining more of an audience post- 
history repeating itself ? 
you think she stopped by the elysee palace to measure for curtains ? le pen v hollande in 2017 ?... 
marine le pen’s anti-islam message in france don't get caught up in the political selfserving propaganda . 
... and this is an understatement , i'm sure 
no , the national front party : 
" this repeated connection — immigration equals islamism & terrorism — is playing powerfully in the minds of voters . " 

the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 

is changing its focus 

soccer stadium evacuated in hannover 
a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - the new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - new york times 
it seems to have been a harmless package & some sort of threat 
web dsign 
seo website builder soccer stadiu ... 
police have found an ambulance packed with explosives outside soccer match in 
this is getting way too close . i work in this city and spend most of my days there . it's crazy .... 

a rallying cry in paris : " everyone to the bar ! " 
a rallying cry in paris : “ everyone to the bar ! ” 

rt the united nations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins — via 
lovers of live music , travelers to & co-runners of the family italian joint ; the 2 cousins at 

" they might have guns , but we have flowers " 
one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers via 
rt i wasn't going to write " talking paris with kids " until i saw how beautifully this dad handled it : … 
motherlode blog : one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flo ... 
one parent , on they might have guns , but we have flowers 
what can we tell our kids in difficult times ? “ look for the flowers . ” 
rt some of us help . some bring flowers . some can't help but bring their fear . talking paris w/ kids 

cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating isis , kerry says 
cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - - 
cease-fire and a political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , john kerry says . 
cease-fire and a political transition in crucial to defeating says . 
visiting france , kerry vows ' greater pressure ' on isis 
cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating says 
visiting france , kerry vows ‘ greater pressure ’ on isis 
sec . kerry states there will be more pressure on isis , from the world community 
. urges ceasefire - cease-fire & political transition in crucial to defeating kerry says 
yes , but what of pol future of irq ? " kerry : ceasefire & political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis " 
kerry says a cease-fire & political transition in syria crucial to defeat isis 
and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - new york times 
when love to come . cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating is ... 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
if you were wondering about lsu grad he sees himself more as a malcolm not martin 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

france unsure if raid killed top suspect in paris attacks 
a chilling sms was found on a cellphone at the bataclan : “ on est parti on commence ” ( “ here we go , we’re starting ” ) 
mr. molins said the fighting was so intense — the police fired more than 5,000 rounds of ammunition , and a gun ... 
france ' unsure ' if raid killed suspect ... 
gun battle in paris was so fierce ( an hour of shooting , 5k rounds of ammo ) that the building is at risk of collapse : 
unsure if killed top suspect in 
rt breaking news : two people died in a raid near paris , including one who blew herself up , and the police arrested 7 … 
france now unsure if raid killed top suspect in paris attacks via 
woman in explosive vest among 3 killed in police raid ... 
' if raid suspect ... 
2 dead in paris raid seeking top suspect ; 7 arrested 
although some sources suggest that he got away ... 
the latest update from paris . police unsure if top suspect was killed in raid 
" she said a friend of hers believed she had seen one of the wanted men ( in saint denis ) , salah abdeslam , on monday " . 
watch out , isis . french cops are bringing in the attack pigeons . 

reupping this from yesterday : how 2016 may mirror 2004 on national security 
after paris , who passes the ‘ commander in chief test’ ? 
leaving the democratic party after this election . fed up . 
social event stops : after area , who passes the ' physical object in chief problem solving' ? 
we may not want to politicize tragedies , but tragedies have political outcomes all the same . 

this new nyc building " makes the case for why architecture matters " 

germany-netherlands match canceled over security concerns 
germany-netherlands soccer match canceled over security concerns 
germany cancels soccer match with netherlands 
ah nevermind , seems like it was just a " suspicious object " twitter messing with us . 
germany-netherlands match canceled , evidence of plans to detonate an explosive device in the stadium : 
germany cancels match with the netherlands over security concerns - - 
police chief says there was serious threat to city and stadium , including plan for explosion . 

one fact-checker to rule them all : today launches the first column as our in-house " doubting thomas . " 
fact checks of the 2016 election 
caught in a ( gasp ) fib . he should never become a tv psychic 
love nyt fact checking what the candiates saying for the next us pres election . 

a migrant boy with a thermal blanket on the shore of the greek island of lesbos 
rt beautiful ender in today's pictures of the day slideshow 
photos of the day 
rt women worshiped the setting sun while celebrating a hindu festival in mumbai . more photos https :/ … 
top story : pictures of the day : france and elsewhere - people gazed at bullet h … see more 

something happened in network tv that's almost unheard-of these days : a show got canceled . 

- aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of dignified defiance , sounds a provocative note 
new york times - usa - a defiant voice sounds a bolder note in myanmar - 
does respect for law include fidelity to a military-imposed constitution ? 
a symbol of dignified sounds provocative 
why tell us what she was wearing on her first day in parliament ?? 
aung san suu kyi , on the cusp of power , is sounding imperious . what kind of leader is she ? 
interesting insights to the leadership style of by 
aung san suu kyi wins " so far the military has been gracious in defeat , which stuns many burmese 
aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of sounds a provocative note 
burma's democracy icon , on the cusp of power , sounds provocative . how she will govern ? 
so happy to read the words of in again . his smart take on aung san suu kyi's rise in myanmar : 
aung san suu kyi , " the future is hers to shape . " by via 
a symbol of defiance , aung san suu kyi’s victory sets democracy example to asian neighbours 
rt seth mydans , long-time southeast asia hand , returns to the pages of the nyt for a profile of aung san suu kyi . https … 
rt after landslide election win , imperious style of burma's democracy hero raises questions about how she will govern . https :/ … 
ny times : long a symbol of dignified defiance , sounds a provocative note 

experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
belgian suspect in paris had been target of strikes on isis in syria 
heavy gunfire , suicide , as french police raid paris terror suspects ' way station / nytimes 
2 dead , 7 arrested in a raid this morning in a paris neighborhood . officials were targeting the mastermind behind ... 
heavy gunfire erupts as seek in raid 
second suspect in paris attacks sought . 
heavy gunfire erupts as police seek suspects in raid 
paris attacks suspect was target of strikes on isis in syria 
second suspect is sought in paris attacks 

microsoft sheds reputation as an easy mark for hackers 
microsoft sheds reputation as an easy target for hackers > 
ms stepping up 
i know from conversations that msr's static analysis folks have made major contributions here : research ! 
once infested with flaws , does an about-face 
microsoft , once infested with security flaws , does an about-face 
microsoft getting props for security swagger 
rt once infested with security flaws , does an about-face : rt if only it'd stop connecting 
once infested with security flaws , does an about-face : rt if only it'd stop connecting to cloud . 
rt how microsoft's focus on security has moved it " from worst in class to the best in class " 
microsoft's new push to security - focus on detection and response - brand new cyber security defense operations cen … 
once infested with security flaws , is ... a little better . 
security threats continue to be in the top of everyone's minds . as it should be . 
sharing the auto links popping and linksexploaded under the rainbow !! 
good news for microsoft ... 
microsoft goes from worst to first in security <- includes talk about the need to eliminate passwords - 
microsoft was once the epitome of everything wrong with security in technology . its products were so infested with v … 
no longer an easy mark for hackers 
microsoft is a very different company than 20 or even 10 years ago . 

paul ryan calls for halt to syrian refugee program 
republicans call for halt to syrian ... | 
rt house speaker paul ryan calls 4 halting syrian refugee program . it's now officially on the republican platform … 
to reject refugees is as bad as 1930s when us rejected jews fleeing saying they were communist spies 
republicans call for halt to human program - new york times 
also tuesday , two senators announced a push for a formal authorization of military force agains .. 
us house pressures obama to kill refugee plan 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 

rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 

rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 

your wednesday briefing 
rt your wednesday briefing 

is suspected after explosion in kills 32 
boko haram is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
rt boko haram is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 - the new york times 
last tues , an explosion in a nigerian city killed 32 people . 
boko haram , gop governors suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
boko haram suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
rt rt hey are you going to declare war on boko haram too ? 
shared a link 
another attack . evidence for thesis that displaced rebels/terrorists likelier to target civilians 
sigh . 
terror striking around the world after paris attacks - " boko haram is suspected after exp … 
is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 via 

sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 
nytimes : sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 

with tv viewing changing , networks take longer to drop shows 
" it speaks to a gripping anxiety that has spread throughout an industry where hits are in short supply " 
" last friday , something happened in network television that’s almost unheard-of these days . " great story 
tv networks are pausing before hitting ‘ cancel ’ : in an industry where hits are in short supply , exec ... 
dtn financial news : tv networks are pausing before hitting ‘ cancel ’ : in an industry where hits are in short su ... 
even the gray lady is oblivious . 
the content gold rush is drying up the talent pool . 
news ::::::::::: with tv viewing changing , networks take longer to drop sh ... ♥ buyfb 
rt notes on why there's only been one cancelation in network tv this season 
tv networks are pausing before hitting ‘ cancel ’ track submission 
something happened in network tv that's almost unheard-of these days : a show got canceled . 
in an industry where hits are in short supply , executives are becoming extra cautious about canceling a show too soon . 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . 
rt it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . https : … 

reef to island in less than a year : china has been building in south china sea . 
what china has been building in the south china sea 
concerning destruction of reefs for island expansion in the south china sea ... 
one way to destroy a coral reef in the progress name by china 
china is converting entire reefs to islands in just one year . yet , we can't finish velachery-taramani link road 
what has been building in the south china sea : via 
very interesting time lapse of what china is building in the south china sea & why it's bad for us/china relations : 
rt the united states sent a ship into disputed south china sea waters . more context on why : … 
" all is fair in love and war " -- john lyly . unfortunately china forgot that reefs are actual living breathing ... 
rt amazing graphics on this nyt story about the chinese efforts to claim the spratly islands : 

justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections ( 
scalia does it for the lulz , apparently . 
officials at report std levels rising to alarming levels via 
scalia's a moron with idiotic comparison . justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections 
justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
so glad that in this time of hating muslims , scalia has found time to hate gay people too 
ignoring the history of civil rights , scalia equates laws protecting my marriage to laws protecting child molesters . 
well , this makes me so angry , i want to vomit : 
scalia's just being a troll here . because he hates to lose . and we're winning . via 
antonin scalia : supreme court justice questions constitutionality of gay rights protection scalia made his ... 
have you seen this ? i predict regressive left hashtag slacktivists asking for scalia to step down 
once again , it's the difference between the letter and the spirit of the thing . c'mon , scalia -- smell the coffee ! 
this dude is a turd . 
question - must remove poor treatment of gays from islam ? what about from christians here ? 
are you really going to compare it to pedophiles ? justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights via 
please file under “ headlines i wish i could unsee ” - 
realizing that people like these have doctorate degrees from harvard & yale proves education means nothing 
child abusers and pederasts hurt people . way to make analogies that don't work , scalia . via 
" ... mmmmm don't look at me , but , as i've said , it's unnatural ... and ... perverted also . " 
it's never nice to wish for someone's death , but it'll be so sweet when this fucker finally croaks 
so scalia can't distinguish between groups like black , gays or women and groups like child abusers and pederasts 
it's 2015 . stop comparing lgbt people to criminals & pedophiles . even for scalia this hate is beyond the pale . 
antonin scalia questions protections afforded to people ; says same logic could apply to child molesters . 
u.s. supreme ct justice scalia compares protecting people to protecting child molesters 
this language from scalia is irresponsible and hateful . i get you having a moral issue but supporting hate ... 
justice scalia reveals again that be doesn't seem to understand much of anything by comparing gays to child ... 
breaking : justice scalia is skeptical of carolene products footnote 4 . 
rt god bless justice scalia for presenting his anti-gay views in the most unattractive and unconvincing way possible . https :/ … 
uncharacteristic representation on nyt's part . scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
justice scalia is a sad , reprehensible , impotent man ; likens lgbtq+ protections to child molesters . via 
in news from the late 1700s : scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections :: via 
i used to think scalia had a great legal mind that i disagreed with . but really , he's just a smug asshole . 
rt justice scalia is not only an asshole , but one totally unaware of the world he lives in - 
fuck you - comparing legal protections of people to 
" you guys " being the comment section of free republic . | " i write the dissents for you guys " 
justice scalia equates rights to child molesters , can't trust this guy for giving people a fair hearing 

paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syrian refugees into the u.s. 
mohandesdean : rt nytimes : paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syria … 

12 . blog entry : bernie sanders , 2003-2011 american iraq war , conflict inappropriateness : sanders takes cue from dean 
on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " by patrick healy via 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " by patrick healy via nyt 
on invading sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
smart piece contrasting sanders and dean on invading iraq and ousting hussein . 
on invading learns from howard dean's mistakes 
on invading iraq , bernie answers katie couric with vivid context & clear common sense . true foreign policy prowess ! 
first draft : on invading bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
first draft : on invading iraq , bernie sanders … 
just say no : on invading takes a cue from 2016 

reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect - new york times -- = 
rt reports of gunfire in suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect — via 

rt don lemon said this . i'm just going to leave this here . 
don lemon doesn’t get offended 
interviewer " how does someone get to be as self-accepting as you ? " , don lemon " what's the alternative ? " 
" if you don’t make room for the possibility that you can be intolerant then there is a good chance that you are . " 
" i am setting out to inform people " : don lemon tries to explain away his awful and offensive reporting : 
don lemon : " i would like to have a judgment-free-zone place where we can go -- all of us -- and we can all talk . " 
" the best way to improve yourself is to improve yourself . " 
rt “ don lemon said this . im just going to leave this here ” ht … 
" i'd probably be a writer like james baldwin . " 
rt for those looking for the link : 
my comment on doesn’t get offended via 
don lemon thinks he could be jesus christ q : that sound you hear when don lemon talking ? a : 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

mourners reflected in the bullet-pierced glass of le carillon in paris on tuesday 

french president françois hollande said he'll travel to washington next week to meet with president obama 

rt . on america's most unlikey college athletics program : the one at the culinary institute of america https … 
raw talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of americ ... 
what ?? foodies who play sports ???? raw talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of america 
yes , culinary institute of america has an athletic department : 
via raw talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of america 
ny times : raw talent and college sports mix at 
interesting read raw talent & college sports mix at culinary institute of america 
concession stand must be good talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of america 
at culinary institute , sports are a entity ware 
raw talent and college mix at culinary institute of america- nyt 
" a steel , as any chef knows but most college basketball fans do not , is a tool for sharpening knives . " 
our awesome athletes and our growing athletic program were featured in the new york times !... 
raw talent and college sports mix at the culinary institute of america 
any bets on this year's mixing bowl ? a look at the surprisingly good sports teams at culinary institute of america 
perfect for c.i.a. steels play by play : slicing and dicing ! shaking and baking ! dishing and swishing ! 
rt coachburns2 food and sports . why didn't i go here ? - raw talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of … 
go steels . 
rt i bet the press meals at culinary institute of america sporting events are amazing : 

guinea , last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
nubia 1st baby to survive ebola having been born to infected mother 
last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
rt nubia was born in an ebola unit to a mom who died after giving birth . “ she’s broken all records , this little girl " https … 
after nearly two years , guinea begins the countdown to the end of the epidemic : 
last nation w/ may soon be declared free of . 
hopefully there will be some positive news on the way : may soon be declared free . via 
soon to be declared free - 
for the first time since march 2014 , no one is known to have ebola . 
fingers crossed : last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
we deserve some good news ! last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
last known ebola patient worldwide getting treated is a 3-week old in guinea , which soon could be ebola-free . 

how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia 

rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attacks … 
police say target of raids was belgian suspect 
the paris prosecutor’s office said that the target of raids in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis was ... 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing … 
rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the at … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attac … 
points : police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , th … 

why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 
nytimes : why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 

maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the bataclan concert hall 
remember maxime bouffard — via 
points : maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the batac … 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan mas … — via 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan massacre 

[ refugees across europe fear repercussions from paris attacks [ 
refugees across europe fear repercussions from attacks - new york times : 
rt across europe fear repercussions from they flee same or actually much wors … 
across europe fear repercussions from they flee same or actually much worse violence 
across fear repercussions from 
ny times : refugees across fear repercussions from paris attacks 
after in fear growing suspicion of their hosts and hostility on the 
nytimes : refugees across europe fear repercussions from attacks 
rt across fear repercussions from paris attacks 
refugees fear repercussions i exist thanks to refugee asylum . urge yr governors to keep states open . ❤ ️ 
rt across europe fear repercussions from attacks make them feel safe at home https : … 

" after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via " 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via nytopinion 

features communities that are home to approximately 2% of uac-cp students . 
an african king in 
an african king in – marvelous , tragic photographs ... 
this modest monarch can trace his lineage to west africa , where his ancestor prince uchicho was enslaved in 1820 . 
an african king in lbolivia 
lost royalty ? 
how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia via 
a simple , humble african king in bolivia 
new article in nytimes about the afro-bolivian king , julio pinedo ... 
just across from the touristic village of coroico , lives one of the remaining african kings !... 
rt jamesestrin : a simple , humble african king in bolivia nytimesphoto 
an african king and his wife , queen angelica , work in a small grocery store on the ground floor of their house in ... 
rt an african king in 
amazing story about african heritage in latin america : an africa king in bolivia 

what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis 
boingboing : rt nytimes : what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis … 

photos of the day 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 

gawker to retool as politics site 
gawker is changing focus as part of a broad revamping , will now cover politics , not media 
. to " ride the circus of the 2016 campaign cycle to reorient [ to ] political [ content ] " 
rt as gawker and its " journalists " enter their death spiral , we can only hope they take jezebel with them . … 
gawker is said to retool as politics site 
gawker will retool as a politics site ahead of the 2016 election . 
we can help pay off debt . $1.6 billion in loans were issued through prosper in 2014 . peer-to-peer loans through pro … 
gawker going purely political .... 
ahead of the 2016 elections , plans to retool as political site what are your thoughts ? 
to retool as politics site via 
internet journalism news : to retool as politics site 
plans to shift its focus from media to politics . 
gawker will now become a political news site . via 
gawker to become even less relevant to nyc journalists than it used to be . whoopie . 
rt to as ' site ' ... 
rebooting as a politics site 
shuttering io9 ? changing focus to politics ? wtf is happening at gawker right now ? 
rt speaking of people who love to blow denton , why does the times always let his friend ravi publish these hand jobs ? https :/ … 
i don’t understand gawkers repositioning . if politics writing brought clicks , buzzfeed wouldn’t need animal gifs . 
rt what if they don't wrap up ? to retool as politics site 
rt gawker is going to become a politics site : 
nytpolitics : gawker will retool as a politics site ahead of the 2016 election . 
eugh . to ' retool ' as the daily show-style politics site 
gawker to retool as another dime a dozen far left political website . maybe soon owned by hulk hogan 
rt 🚨 exclusive : gawker will switch from covering new york & media and become a politics site 

the strategic limits of isis : 
olivier roy : " is its own worst enemy . " 
this is a great op/ed that explains the complexity of the middle east . 
rt " war is not won without infantry " , but " isis is its own worst enemy " - readissimo islam scholar olivier roy here : … 
excellent article on strategic limitations of 
rt the strategic limits of isis ( and everyone else ): 
the attacks in reveal the strategic limits of 
" the main actors in the middle east deem other enemies to be more important " 
rt nyt : regional players prioritize own interests over isis . turkey w/ pkk , kurds w/ autonomy+territory & saudis w/ iran https :/ … 
the in reveal the strategic limits of 
the attacks in paris reveal the great article ... strategic limits of isis : 
oh , the complex webs we weave . 
although i don't think writer meant piece this way , it's an excellent argument for not doing very much about isis 
interesting analysis of why isis haven't been any country's enemy ( till now ) 
" much like al qaeda , isis has no support among the muslim people living in europe . it recruits only at the margins . " 
solid analysis of isis by olivier roy for the new york times 
wanr some perspective on isis and how idiculoysly complex the situation is and why there re no simple answers ?... 
france is perhaps alone in wanting and trying to annihilate isis . 
globalized terrorism isno more effective , strategically , than conducting aerial bombings without forces onthe ground 

white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks 
it's really depressing to me that the world is just now waking up to what has been going on in syria for years 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks - new york times 
gop : obama refugee vetting “ doesn’t sound at all robust to me " white house affirms syrian refugee plan 
rt white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & … 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & humane 
white house affirms refugee plan despite paris attacks 
via nyt > middle east 

rt fascinating read about misinformation in the aftermath of tragedies . 
paris attacks give rise to fakes and misinformation 
rumors , fake tweets , and a selfie of a canadian mistaken for a terrorist : beware of misinformation after big events 
not surprising : give rise to fakes and misinformation shared via social media via 
la razón's fake terrorist front page makes it into the new york times : 
give rise to fakes and misinformation , including mainstream media 
rt a look at the altered images , bogus tweets and odd theories that spread across the internet after the paris attacks https : … 
paris attacks give rise to misinfo 
people will share anything online in order to share something online . 
read when terror strikes , count on new york times spending its resources debunking and not investigating conspiracy . 
this is undeniably true that on the internet , there is always something surprises you yet it's fake . 
give rise to and | via by 
paris attacks give rise to fakes & | by 
a terrible part about the tragedies : people spreading harmful misinformation about the attacks , about innocents . 
please stop re-posting things you see on fb without checking them first . even the most benign posts can be ... 

security forces swarmed a paris suburb during an early-morning raid 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 
charlie sheen : i paid blackmailers $10 million to keep quiet about my hiv . 
" “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen in an interview with matt lauer " 

editorial in the after paris attacks , vilifying 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees : 
building new barriers with the argument that muslims are inherently dangerous provides propaganda benefits to the is 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " important editorial : 
" confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided . " -- 
' confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable ' . interesting editorial : 
the fear mongering by some in this country is sickening . it's not who we should be . after paris , vilifying refugees 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " thank you https … 
after vilifying refugees 
after " confusing refugees w/terrorists is morally unacceptable and ... misguided " interesting piece . 
rt refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
refugees r often fleeing from violence : mt post , vilifying refugees 
rt after " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " timely editorial on opening up to refugees . https :/ … 
rt some refreshingly blunt words from editorial . 
rt after attacks , the rush to vilify @ new york times editorial 

rt a woman in was killed when she detonated an explosive vest during a raid , french officials said . … 
a woman hiding out in an apartment in st. -denis was killed when she detonated an explosive vest 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - new york times 
top story : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special fo … see more 
top story : retweets woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by spe … see more 
woman killed in raid after detonating explosive vest - diesel , a 7-yr-old police dog , also killed 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces — via nytimesworld@ 
woman detonates suicide vest in st-denis raid in paris via 
top woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
paris : updates on the terror attacks : paris : updates on the terror attacks ! 
rt woman killed in raid in paris ; three men captured by special forces . live updates : 
woman killed in raid . 5 suspects arrested . 
the raid in st. -denis brought major disruption to residents and commuters 
woman killed in raid via 

facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials said 
a soccer match between and the was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat : 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , official … 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials s … 
points : a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled becau … 

what causes eye twitches ? 
ask ny times well blog : via 
eye twitches are often caused by stress , but involuntary eyelid spasms could be something more severe via 
this time of year we get more patients experiencing this common complaint . 
does your eye twitch ? read this to find out what causes it ! 
well : eye twitches 
an answer to a common question ! 
what causes the eye to twitch ? via 
why is my eye twitching ? via 
choice tidbit like our facebook page ... it's an education ! 
i have always wondered about this ... 

strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results . 
french bombing missions strike nothing but empty buildings . lol ! 
strikes on in lead to more questions than results 
on in lead to more than 
" why , if there's is targets that could be hit w/o killing civilians , weren't they hit long ago ? what was being hit ? " 
rt results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” - 30 hit mainly outskirts … 
rt bombing for show ? us , syria , jordan , russia , now france : need revenge on isis ? drop a few bombs on raqqa ! syria https://… 
rt 1 . so if us can give france 10s of short-notice isis targets w/o killing civilians , why weren't they hit before ? … 
before every brit wets themselves in excitement over bombing isis in syria , it seems french airstrikes are for show . 
why , if there were targets that could be hit without killing civilians , were they not hit long ago ? 
strikes on raqqa in syria " targeting abandoned empty locations 
french airstrikes on mostly hit " abandoned empty locations " 
rt french airstrikes on raqqa in syria , very little tangible results : nyt -- anyone surprised ? 
rt 2 . and if not , then are they hitting civilians/accepting more risk of that ? or empty land/bldgs , bombing for show ? https :/ … 
rt the barrage of french airstrikes didn't kill civilians , mostly hit empty buildings . … 
french and russian airstrikes on raqqa : more questions than answers . 
the airstrikes are renewing a debate about how effective such attacks can be in defeating or containing 
strikes on raqqa : relatives say recent french airstrikes did not kill civilians , hitting empty areas and buildings - 

charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep it secret 
rt we hope . announcement finally quiets tabloids . should not be stigmatized ! 
rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 
we can help pay off debt . $1.6 billion in loans were issued through prosper in 2014 . peer-to-peer loans through pro … 
sad but not surprising given his lifestyle 
check out charlie sheen's interview on the today show this morning as he unveils secrets . 
commcore ceo speaks about the charlie sheen interview . 
rt sheen paid millions to keep hiv secret - like we'd be shocked to know drug use , prostitutes had led to bad things http … 
the actor said he had known about the diagnosis for about four years but did not know how he contracted the virus . a … 
rt charlie sheen says he has hiv and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret … 
rt charlie sheen said he paid people “ into the millions ” to stay quiet about his hiv diagnosis ht … 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " seriously ? sorry to say , but you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " really , mr. sheen ? you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
rt charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep his diagnosis secret 
charlie sheen's hiv status : cs says he paid mllions t keep it quiet puzzlng : have we moved on s/ ' 80s ? 
rt he felt like he needed to keep it a secret . we can end stigma together ! 
actor charlie sheen has confirmed that he is hiv positive : 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
points : he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert ha … 

awakening to a raid upstairs , and explosions - new york times : abc newsawakening to a raid upstairs , and explo ... 

experts explain how global powers can smash 
no clear strategy emerges ... " experts explain how global powers can smash 
envisioning how global powers can smash isis 
rt everyone talks about eradicating tell us what it would take . … 
a thoughtful approach to the isis threat that calls for " free movement of people , labor and ideas . " 
experts can't agree on how to beat isis 
“' isis is tapping into a deep emotional wound amid arabs and muslims , ' said ed husain , a british activist and ... 
clearly multi pronged strategies will need to be deployed how global powers can smash isis 
rt an absolute must-read on a1 tomorrow about where isis came from , what it wants , and how to destroy it : … 
experts explain how global powers can smash spoiler alert : lots of conflicting solutions 
overheated rhetoric doesn't respond to the profound problem of & 
one of the best articles i've read about the situation in bombast will not solve this problem 
rt experts explain how global powers can smash 
" how global powers can smash isis " isis is the result of criminality & immorality of the global powers themselves . 
how global powers can smash isis ... combined approaches .... 
tremendous piece about the nigh-impossible task of eradicating isil 
nytimes : experts say only decisive force and reform will defeat isis . 
rt too bad no woman has thoughts on https://… 
even if it is not isis and syrian people will continue to suffer under the replacement just as much if not more . 
has a state sponsor in pakistan that us coalition has refused to attack and hold pakistani state accountable for . 
conflict requires iran and saudi arabia to get on same page which is not possible with age-old sunni-shiite divide . 
’ ‘ iraq awakening ’ was just a mirage that vanished the day us payroll to sunni tribal leaders stopped . 
rt how do you defeat isis ? experts say decisiveness on assad & reformation within islam , at the least . by https : … 
experts explain how powers can smash isis - the new york times 
that this has nothing to do with islam is disingenuous , there is a correlation btwn scripture and this 
credible and comprehensive . 

isis shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet 
isis shares image of soda-can explosive it says brought down russian jet — via 
isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian jet 
rt isis photo of what they say is the ied that brought down the russian plane in the sinai : https :/ … 
rt in its magazine , is shows picture of what it claims is the type of schweppes soda can they used as an ied on plane https :/ … 
isis shows off bomb it says brought down jet 
shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet — 
whaaa ? that queazy feeling when the internets are being used by : isis sharing image of bomb on its on line magazine ! 
the manhunt for the paris attackers - the new york times - 
top story : retweets isis shares image of explosive that it … see more 
isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian … — via 
looks like clock boy has been at it again ... 
most surprising part of this is that isis has a " glossy online propaganda magazine " called dabiq : 
isis shows off it says brought down jet 
isis shares an image of the explosive it says brought down a russian jet 

congrats to cormac gollogly & richard dowling , first couple to legally marry ! 
first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
" ireland’s first same-sex marriage ceremony was held tuesday in county tipperary after the new marriage ... 
top story : retweets first same-sex marriage ceremony held i … see more 
first marriage held in 
marriage dreams coming true on the 
voters approved - here is the 1st ceremony . 
rt first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
first same-sex marriage in ireland today ! 
douglas dalby teaching things mum can't . 
lots of things are terrible , but this is not . the first same-sex marriage in ireland : 
first same-sex marriage ceremony in ireland 
[ josh and skinner sit down . ] josh , the language doesn't prohibit same-sex marriage . josh of course it does . 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 
points : angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had … 

charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of d … — via 
charlie hebdo : “ screw them . we have champagne . ” 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of defiance 
live updates on the terror attacks investigation – via 
how do folks feel about charlie hebdo's cover ? is it bold ? insensitive ? both ? i want to say both . 
les inrockuptibles , charlie hebdo and others remain defiant against extremism 
ahh i love the french so much . " they have weapons . screw them , we have champagne ! " 
. on the latest charlie hebdo cover , and the message of defiance in french media after 
cover junkie 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 

7 bryant park embraces its place in the city . 
rt critic's notebook : 7 bryant park embraces its place in the city 
top story : 7 bryant park embraces its place in the city see more 
7 bryant park .... the newest office gem built thanks to the revival of bryant park 
two conclusions from this article : i ne … 
two conclusions from this article : i need to visit 7 bryant park … 
7 bryant park embraces its place in the … 
two conclusions from this article : i need to visit 7 bryant park , and i need to read what … 
two conclusions from this article : i need to visit 7 bryant park , and i need to read whatever harry cobb has written 

diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in 
diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in st. -denis 
heroes come in all shapes and sizes . thank you for your bravery , diesel . 
this just destroys me , zero respect for any life . send isis to hell . via nytimesworld 
diesel , police dog , killed in raid on terrorists , which may included female suicide bomber 
rt a police dog named diesel died in st. -denis raid 
rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in https … 

quote of the day 

on campus : stories from new york times readers 
nytimes reports on racial hate crime on campus -- a pocahottie costume . 
rt racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 
racism on campus : stories by new york times readers . people lacking social awareness , empathy , relationship skills . 
yes . racism on campus isn't always blatant 
new york times readers were invited to describe their encounters with discrimination on campus , and tell what ... 
nyt story about " racism " on a campus includes no examples of students being excluded from academic classes/programs 
racism on campus : stories from readers . journalism prof is featured 
" [ faculty and student body are very diverse ... that makes a difference to how minorities feel on campus . " 
shoutout to prof . tom costello . rt : racism on campus : stories from ny times readers 
rt times readers talk about experiencing racism on their college campuses . add your comments . https :/ … 

what will it take to destroy isis ? experts from around the world weigh in . 

belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbeek 
top story : retweets police raid house in troubled brussels … see more 
top police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - the new york t … see more 
police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - new york times 
- police raid house in troubled neighborhood — 
points : belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbe … 

britain calls for closing of coal-fired power plants by 2025 
the uk will close all coal-fired power plants by 2025 ! next step : 
britain is planning on closing all its plants by 2025 . 
britain calls for closing of power plants by 2025 
change : british government calls for closing of power plants by 2025 
britain to close coal-fired power plants by 2025 . 
‘‘ we ( britain ) will be one of the first developed countries to deliver on a commitment to take coal off the system . ” 
britain calls for closing of all coal-fired power plants by 2025 
rt britain calls for closing of power plants by 2025 
british government calls for closing all power plants in the country by 2025 
this political announcement brought to you by rise of gas & renewables (+stubborn nukes ) 
uk closing coal mines & plants ending coal-tech subsidies 
to close power plants by 2025 
britain to close coal-fired power stations by 2025 ($) 
this is a triumph of technology ( abc/anything but coal ) as much as political will/vision . 
arthur scargill , call your office ! 
britain will say " cheerio " to all coal-fired power plants ... by 2025 
analysts in new york times say uk's plans to close all plants could be " a decade could be too hasty . " 

the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
former muse educator & historian of on street life & how it will endure : 
the uncommon resilience of paris street life : 
the streetlife of the blocks where the paris attacks took place is resilient : they were as busy 100yrs ago as today 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
100-yr-old postcards of paris terror sites show same streets & storefronts , treasured because so inviting 
" people still go out b/c going out is something that paris invites us to do . " fantastic piece via 
rt wonderful article by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life 
it is good to know after the paris attacks that life will continue as it has for more than a century in the ... 
paris invites you 2 " explore , take wrong turns , fall in love , protest & have a drink in the same places others have " 
" people still go out because going out is something that paris invites us to do . " vintage snaps of the 10e : 
a thoughtful piece on the architecture of paris streets and why senseless acts of terrorism won't change them : 

anyone want to do the honors . 
an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead ( 
rt the chief suspect in the paris attacks was wanted dead by his own family . 
chief suspect is an isis militant whose own family wished him dead 
rt 1st thing to know about abaaoud , mastermind of his own family want him dead . ht … 
rt man from who's own family want him dead 
rt the leader of the lived a pretty cushy life . he wasn't poor , uneducated , aggrieved etc … 
1/2 nyt reporting on paris attacks plotter abdelhamid abaaoud's links with al-battar battalion in syria . 
rt attacker an militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt first thing to know about abdelhamid abaaoud , target of this morning's paris raid : his own family wants him dead . https : … 
social networks , not communities , are often key in radicalizing and empowering those who carry out 
isis terrorist from belgium whose own family wanted him dead maybe stop using sweet images for a psychopath . 
" ... making belgium the biggest suspected source , per capita , of foreign fighters for isis . " 
daesh are petty thieves , rapists , etc . no virgins for them ! suspect isis militant whose own family wished him dead 
sign of the times : fallen . col . 2:21 taste not , touch not , handle not . antichrist : the antichrist will use these ... 
rt isis militant whose own family wanted him dead deeply reported & a great read htt … 
" i suddenly saw my picture all over the media . " nyt on his path from petty criminal to isis . 
abaaoud's story contradict this narrative a bit : 
rt a must-read about the family of the isis militant wanted in the paris attacks wanted him dead 

charlie hebdo's latest cover offers a message of defiance 

a return to living . a show of unity . france receives a friendly embrace in england 

rt correction : carson aides say he needs weekly foreign policy briefings to " make him smart " ; didn't say he'd had them https : … 
wow , carson's own adviser says they hold weekly conference calls so they can " make him smart " 
ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
rt this was on the record ?!? 
ben , you're just not qualified . ( but , please do vote for him , gop primary voters . ) -ks 
looks like the ben carson experiment is about to end . 
rt the fact that this carson adviser tells the nyt this on the record just blows my mind ... https :/ … 
carson advisers discuss foreign policy struggles ... 
" ... a telephone conversation he had had with a freelance american intelligence operative in iraq . " thats a career ? 
ugh . why have people forgotten that one of the most important jobs in the world requires relevant skills ? 
and in case you haven't read it yet , here's today's funniest news story , which should be read to the very end . 
no surprise here : is struggling to grasp foreign policy . it's very foreign to him , advisers say 
ben carson is a celebrated neurosurgeon , he must be a bright guy . yet he is also a genuine moron . 
rt " leadership " would be firing the aide who throws you under the bus-ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy https :/ … 
neurology savant is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
clueless ben carson is failing to grasp foreign policy , advisers admit 
seems like a loyal and dedicated bunch of advisers has surrounded himself with 
rt this article about ben carson's lack of foreign policy experience is fantastic . 
does ben carson have cognitive problems ? lessons from staffers " do not always seem to sink in , " they say . 
for a supposed smart guy is rather damn stupid ! reps stop wasting time . 
rt did you see this ? carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 

the isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " 

rt this 3-week-old girl is the last known ebola patient in active treatment in the world … 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
“ i know it’s pathetic , but this was one of the things that allowed me to try to keep some hope , ” he said . 
escaping the bataclan with a bloodied drumstick — via 

we’re living longer . that’s great , except for social security . 
top story : we’re living longer . that’s great , except for social security . see more 
we live longer . that's great , except for social security : fix ss by taking more money in & sending less out ( nyt ) 
we’re living longer . that’s great , except for via 
despite the political challenges , fixing social security is rather simple : take more money in , send less money out … 
not sexy , but can't be ignored in any election cycle . 
we're living longer . that's great , except for social security . 
social security tinkering to make it work for our grandkids . 
by the numbers : we’re longer . that’s great , except for 
very clear take on security from via 

early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening 
early cases fall along with - - 
psa isn't perfect but we can be smarter about using it , vanderbilt's david penson tells 
here's exactly why men should be screened for prostate cancer - early detection ! 
. reports : fewer men screened for prostate and fewer early-stage cases detected . 
early cancer cases fall along with 
rt studies find declines in screening and early detection of via - 
rt studies find prostate screening , early detection declines . 220k new cases expected in ' 15 https : … 
studies find declines in screening and early detection of prostate cancer 
dave penson gives great interview in nyt on prostate cancer screening 
rt fewer men get screened for prostate cancer , and fewer cases are being found . is this good or bad ? time will tell . https : … 
early prostate cases fall along with screening 
“ with psa testing , we often detect cancers that don’t need to be treated " prostate advice put in doubt by new study 
less screening & less early detection of prostate cancer : declines could have public health implications ( nyt ) 
why significant , concerning that early stage prostate cancer cases are falling as screening drops ? that's the point 
pendulum swing - fewer men are being screened for prostate cancer , fewer early-stage cases are being detected 

the band eagles of death metal makes a statement on the paris attacks . read it in full : … 
nytimesbusiness : rt nytimes : the band eagles of death metal makes a statement on the paris attacks . read it in ful … 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
i love he does a great job rt “ don lemon doesn't get offended ” 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

french return to cafes in a show of defiance 
france : " we will not let the terrorists win " america : " internment camps worked out , right ? " 
rt french return to cafes in a show of defiance : the most typical of parisian scenes — sharing drinks ... 
via french return to cafes in a show of defiance 
french return to cafes in a show of defiance : the most typical of parisian scenes — shari ... news by newyorktimes 
dating single french return to cafes in a show of defiance : the most typical of parisia ... 
french return to cafes in a show of defiance from 
we returned to no matter how it was changed or with what difficulties , or ease , it could be reached 
isis's mistake . free people don't run . we stand our ground . nyc did after 9/11 . paris after 11/13 . they won't win . 
if you read 1 paris story today : on " the french way " " they'll never kill that " stay for the kicker 
" we have a fantastic life : we are as free as the air " 
french return to cafes and bistrots in a show of resolute determination 
nycjim : rt jmartnyt : if you read 1 paris story today : lizalderman on " the french way " " they'll never kill that " … 
' with this simple act , we’re showing that we are never going to let the terrorists get at the heart of france ' 
rt parisians find the perfect -- and perfectly french - way of responding to the terrorists . … 
" they have weapons . screw them , we have champagne . " 
“ they were trying to kill our very culture — the french way of life . they will not succeed . ” 
return to cafes in a show of defiance pos t-t errorism➡️🌍 
parisians say " fuck you , islamists " by returning to the cafés . "“ this was an attack on our way of life . " 
rt french return to cafes in defiance via 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

senate votes to block obama’s climate change rules 
senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
senate votes to bury heads deeper in the sand on reveals depth of allegiance to fossil fuel industry 
shameful and insane --> related : 
rt shameful and insane --> related : 
yesterday , the senate voted to repeal the thankfully , promised to veto and 
yesterday , senate voted to block centerpiece of policy 
rt senate blocks obama’s rules - obama has promised a veto 
rt senate blocks obama’s climate change rules : nyt evil anti-science haters … 
the republican senate blocking solutions to climate change . not surprising , yet still a disgrace . 
rt the senate blocks president obama’s climate change rules . via … 
senate votes to block cc 
thank you senator ayotte of new hampshire 
senate votes to block climate change rules 
there's a rumble in the legislative jungle - the us is working to block 
nyt : senate votes to block clean power plan 
senate votes to block to try to create confusion before vows to veto 
senate votes to block obama’s change regulations , in an effort to undermine his position before 
- votes to block rules , 
senate votes to block obama’s rules 
they are leading the country and world to destruction by legislating profit above all else . remove them from power . 
usa congress : senate led by votes 52-46 to block obama’s rules ; veto pending nyt 
mcconnell says : “ here’s what is lost in this administration’s crusade for ideological purity : the livelihoods of ... 
rejects epa regs , but lacks veto-proof supermajority 

watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terror attacks . 
watch live : obama holds news conference 
nytpolitics : watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terr … 
watching live @ notre dame cathedral in paris , a memorial service 
live now . 
watch live : memorial service at cathedral of notre-dame 
paris under siege -- watch live here 
watch live : attacks in paris - the new york times 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 
live coverage : paris attacks 
updates on the 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
we should not give the gift of hate via 
nytimesworld : updates on the 
the raid is over , but residents are advised to stay put . see all updates on our live blog : 
eddie 

nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 
nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus via nytimes 
nytimes : nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 

rt if you agree : refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 
international relations stories u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned … see more 
u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats ’ 
" many are fleeing extremism and terrorism – from the very people associated with the paris attacks . " 
it breaks my heart that the even has to make this statement : " refugees should not be scapegoats , " via 
live coverage | un agency says refugees should not be turned into ' scapegoats ' - new york times 
refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats’! unhcr statement says it all : 

your tuesday briefing 
start your day with : " your via 
your briefing 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

: well , looks like in the long-run kong trump has shaken another one off the log , see ya , wouldn't wanna be ya !... 
race 
might be an unpopular view but if we're talking lesser of evils in the gop race , jindal was one . 
not his time , i agree . 
if it's ever bobby jindal's time it will be my time to leave the country 
bobby jindal quits repub presidential race wrecking ball bobby throws in the towel ... and leaves the demolition site 
jindal asked his supporters to move to mike huckabee . that should move mike to double digits ... 17 total supporters ... 
piyush , what took you so long ? quits republican presidential race 
famous last words : " we spent a lot of time developing detailed policy papers . " ( louisiana governor bobby jindal ) 
rt race 
“ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time , ” - drops out via 
now what am i supposed to do with all of these red and green " jindal all the way ! " sweaters ? 
rt days before the vitter-edwards vote , jindal drops out 
rt a bit more , with on the rise and fall of jindal > 
nytimes : jindal drops bid for the republican nomination one more drops out . who's next ? 

our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
rt rt nytimes : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of … 
rt our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
points : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feas … 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate " there is hope 

i love brussels sprouts and these sliders look yummy . 
brussels sprouts sliders 
looking for a side dish or appetizer for the vegetarians at your celebration ? 

what travelers can expect in paris 

blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in rugby 
ny times : blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in 
rugby lost a trailblazer when jonah lomu fell to kidney disease today at 40 . kia ora , mate . 
rt daniellancaste8 : rt kiisplay : nytimes sport : rugby : blending size and speed , jonah lom … 

love brussels sprouts ? we have an idea for you . 

is changing its focus 
nytimes : is changing its focus 

rt two of ben carson's top advisers say he's struggling to grasp foreign policy 
we can't be experts in everything . i can't perform brain surgery , but i wouldn't attempt it . 

pasta with fried lemons and chile flakes 

britain to close its coal-fired power stations by 2025 

at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court 
rt rt nytimes : at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the … 
nytimes : at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court … 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 
nytimesarts : rt nytimes : must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . … 

paris prosecutor describes st. -denis raid & gun battle 
top story : retweets paris prosecutor describes st. -denis ra … see more 

witnesses describe raid in st. -denis via 
witness describes raid in st. -denis 
security forces swarm paris suburb via 

france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says 
by not giving in to misguided fear , is standing with france . 
“ the people running from iraq and syria are attacked by the very same people who attacked us . ” 
vive la refuge : french pres hollande says his country will still accept 30,000 syrian refugees in the next 2 years . 
all the american policy makers talking about not accepting syrian refugees - seriously , gfy . 
the moral thing to do . never again . 
france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees [ -- us to continue to look stupid to everyone else ] 
make of this what you will : france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , 
still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
ummmmm ( but good news that france will continue to accept refugees ) 
btw even after attacks , france still accepting 30k refugees . here in the us ... only fear . 
they must be super scary people . 
hollande says france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees 
glad to hear innocent refugees won't be penalized for violence committed by the people they are fleeing from 
france will lead by example and take in the 30,000 syrian refugees it said it would before last friday's attack 
rt american politicians should draw a lesson from hollande instead of pandering to fear via nytime … 
france will keep its promise to take in 30,000 refugees over the next 2 years , president françois hollande says ht … 
france not a ' fraidy cat .. will take in 30,000 syrian refugees as promised . 
france will still accept syrian refugees : 
france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
france - france ! - showing more openness to refugees than u.s. repub governors via 
just shows the compassion , not close minded ! france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees via 
the french are cool ! rt ~ despite attacks … france still plans to accept 30,000 from iraq . 
let governors see this ! 
despite attacks in paris , france still plans to accept 30,000 refugees from syria , iraq . 
u . s politicians . take note : 
maybe texas could learn a thing or two about humanity from france 
france will take in 30,000 refugees over next 2 years . “ our country has the duty to respect this commitment . ” 
pres . hollande and france show civility and courage in the face of barbarism and cowardice : via 
if they're christian ? 

racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 
revjjackson : rt nytimes : racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 

what century-old photos from the sites of the paris attacks tell us about france's capital 

is likely responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria 
rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january 
thx for your point of view have u seen post and 
at least 24 countries have been the host of attacks by , or inspired by isis . this , i believe , is , and will be ... 
attacks around the world . 
rt the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 
rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 
the tragedy in paris is just one of many isis attacks on innocent civilians . has a timeline worth reading : 
isis responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria- updated for paris attacks ( via 
rt quoted in article on isis and their " trilogy of terror " iraq/syria , their wilayats , & now capable cells … 

rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , according to his advisers 

belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack , official says 
call to arms in france amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
rt false reports of gunfire during vigil highlights the anxiety in paris . more news here : … 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspects 
rt belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack 
raid brussels area in search for terror suspect 
french version of usa patriot act “ … called on monday for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists . " 
the world salutes the french victims but nothing on the russian victims of the plane : double standard ... 
rt next you'll tell me this man isn't really belgian https : … 
rt it is critical that " war " on does not subvert democracy or become a crusade against muslims . … 
paris attacks plotted by belgian who fought for isis , french officials say 
so this sounds like the setup to something like l'acte de patriote 
nyt : president hollande calls for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists at home , 
on-the-run paris suspect salah abdeslam was stopped by the french police on saturday but was let go when his paper … 
hacker news - french president hollande seeks to amend constitution 
hollande seeks new legislation that would create more flexibility for combating 
" our democracy has prevailed over much more formidable opponents than these cowardly assassins , " mr. hollande ,... 
call to arms in amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspect in 
rt president hollande vows revocation of french citizenship for dual nationals convicted of terrorism http … 
abaaoud was already a suspect in a failed jan plot in belgium & aug plot 2 shoot passengers on paris-brussels train 
the mastermind leader of the paris attack was not syrian or middle eastern but belgian ! 
holland calls 4 new powers after paris attacks lets show isis whos boss by giving up our rights 
d'you suppose hollande will call it the " patriot act " , too ? " mr. hollande called for quick action by parliament ... 
rt if we continue to follow us & france foreign policy to absurdity , they should be bombing raqqa , brussels & chartres . ht … 
" france is at war . " -- president hollande . 
" terrorism will not destroy the republic , because it is the republic that will destroy it . " dat juxtaposition doe . 
french government turns up the heat on isis . what are the " exceptional " measures here ? civil liberties in trouble ? 
thoughts ? 
fr pres calls for const amendments that would give the gov flexibility to conduct raids without a warrant 
president hollande , what you are requesting is a slippery slope sir . 
hollande calls for new powers to ‘ eradicate ’ isis after paris attacks 
hollande calls for constitutional amendments to enable fight against terror . 
since when is changing the constitution to enable a police state not giving in to terror ? nyt-call to arms in france 
call to arms in france amid manhunt hollande seeks to amend constitution 
policing in america changed forever after 9/11 . the legislation france seeks for greater surveillance is frightening 
if getting to know incoming refugees was the solution , then it stands to reason that one's refugee family members ... 
police raids in france and belgium seek paris attack suspects 

an early-morning raid north of paris 
an early-morning raid north of paris : the french police conducted a raid in st. -denis aimed at detaining ... 

storm system batters colorado and texas - - 
same storm blocked both co residents in the snow and brought tornadoes to tx tuesday 

obama calls on beijing to stop construction in 
rt obama calls on beijing to stop construction in 
" sure . happy to oblige ....... sike . " 
meanwhile in - 
calls on to stop construction in - 
president obama on wednesday called on china to stop building on contested islands in the south china sea ,... 
nice try , mr. president , but you know perfectly well they're not gonna stop ... 
john cusack calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea 

gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

" tous au bistrot ! " “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
love this : a rallying cry in paris : everyone to the bar ! via 
good food , wine , friendships , & laughter remind us once again why we do what we do <3 
for my " drink ! " students . a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
“ it will be an act of peaceful resistance ” 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ - the new york times 
one of the many ways that new yorkers and parisians are kindred spirits 
a very act of defiance . — “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : tous au bistrot ~ everyone to the local bar-restaurant ! 
that's the way to do it . " a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar ! " 
i'll drink to that ! 
parisian restaurant owners are calling for a very french act of defiance . tous au bistrot via 
you know the best way to stay alive ? you keep living . rallying call in paris , via 
let's stand in solidarity with these parisians ! get to the bar ! 
" go to a place where you can have a beer , some peanuts , a plate of sausages , anything " 
" “ everyone to the bar ! ” ... ( ... and have a white russian on me ...! ) 

facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis 
profile frozen , then restored , for user named 
isn’t worth sharing this ? : 
facebook profile frozen , then restored , for user named isis — via 
lol the nyt doesn't know shit about archer 
be careful if you post a bob dylan song , folks 
points : facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis 

details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 
rt : pls flw a … 
details for bataclan attack found on cellphone in paris trash can … — via 
the manhunt for the paris attackers - the new york times 
nytimes : details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 

2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
new york times most viewed stories : 2 air france planes are diverted from paris ari pregen 
global islamist terror : two air france flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over phoned bomb threats ... from usa 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over concerns 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over security concerns - new york times 
leia no > 2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over secur … see more 
2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over security concerns - 

rt what china has been building in the south china sea 
rt why build aircraft carriers when you can build islands ? 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
nytimes : anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 

victim’s husband tells terrorists , ‘ i will not give you the gift of hate ’ 
rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
victim’s husband tells terrorists , ‘ i will not give you the gift of hate ’ via 
victim's husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
husband tells ‘ i will not give you the of 
courage : " you won't have my hate ... i will play on " not scared not mistrustful not sacrificing liberty for security 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
posted " victim’s husband tells terrorists " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
paris attacks : " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
rt it takes the grace of god to let go & let god ... 
a victim's spouse speaks love to hate 

microsoft , once infested with security flaws , does an about-face 
microsoft sheds reputation as an easy mark for hackers 
microsoft sheds reputation as an easy target for hackers > 
ms stepping up 
i know from conversations that msr's static analysis folks have made major contributions here : research ! 
once infested with flaws , does an about-face 
microsoft getting props for security swagger 
rt once infested with security flaws , does an about-face : rt if only it'd stop connecting 
once infested with security flaws , does an about-face : rt if only it'd stop connecting to cloud . 
rt how microsoft's focus on security has moved it " from worst in class to the best in class " 
microsoft's new push to security - focus on detection and response - brand new cyber security defense operations cen … 
once infested with security flaws , is ... a little better . 
security threats continue to be in the top of everyone's minds . as it should be . 
sharing the auto links popping and linksexploaded under the rainbow !! 
good news for microsoft ... 
microsoft goes from worst to first in security <- includes talk about the need to eliminate passwords - 
microsoft was once the epitome of everything wrong with security in technology . its products were so infested with v … 
no longer an easy mark for hackers 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

rt congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 

how to make potatoes - nyt cooking 
loading … 
thanksgiving recipes - nyt cooking 
yummy recipes for thanksgiving from the new york times ! 
the thanksgiving recipes are up . i feel stuffed just looking at them ! - nyt cooking 
amazing 
looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative recipes a try ! 
let's see if my meal is edible this year . i try and try and try . 
new york times interactive thanksgiving menu planner 🦃 
getting lost in this thanksgiving meal planner feature . everything looks so good . ( maybe b/c it's dinner time rn ) 
our menu planner will help you craft the best thanksgiving for everyone at your table . 
build your go big or go home , i say : thanksgiving recipes 
how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . 
what are your upcoming thanksgiving plans ? will you be traveling or will travelers be visiting you in long beach ?... 
some people dread the harriedness of holidays . but i love spending hours pouring over magazine spreads of old ... 
you must take a look - it is interactive and so much fun ! ready ... steady ... go and plan that thanksgiving menu ! 
making this day great : the happier podcast and madness 
rt rt academykierland looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creati … 
rt rt azdavidcreed looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative … 
" thanksgiving for all " ->> sept . vogue , on newsstands near you . ( or online : ) 
getting ready for thanks to 
rt how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . https … 
hint . for all those who have invited me for t-day , please check out the menu & recipes . look forward to sharing ... 
how to make turkey + all the fixings ! ht 
can't wait to host next year in my home ! 

photos : an early-morning raid north of paris 

rt isis shares an image of the explosive it says brought down a russian jet 

end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
attorney general seeks to stop fanduel and draftkings 
ny state attorney general is expanding his investigation into daily fantasy sports sites 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company ( ny times ) . 
top story : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added t … see more 
avoid bloomberg businessweek if you crave accuracy . yahoo info here : 
marissa mayer must think illegal gambling and socially irresponsible activities like this are okay if they make $$ . 
end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to … 
end sought to fanduel and draftkings in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
looks like yahoo might be swept up in the fight between new york and daily fantasy sports sites fanduel/draftkings 
yahoo now under scrutiny by ny attorney general over its daily fantasy sports games . $yhoo http:// 
end sought to sites in is said to be added to inquiry 
if they go after yahoo next , where is my team going to finish last next year ??? 
yahoo is said to be added to inquiry on fantasy sites in new york 
end sought to fantasy football sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry > 
rt end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to … 
first & ... now !! 
yahoo added to new york inquiry into daily fantasy sports sites 
yahoo , yahoo ! has you in his crosshairs . 
top story today : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be a … see more 
rt source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company … 

rt so to be clear : none of the 5 paris attackers identified so far is syrian . 
rt known nationalities of paris attackers french 5 0 https : … 
finding links between the paris attackers as the manhunt continues 
apparently , suicide vests are awful at killing people . guns , alas , are great at it ... 
rt so far none of the terrorists involved in the paris attack has been identified as syrian . the syrian passport ... https :/ … 
what we know about the paris attackers 
links between the paris attackers as the dragnet continues 
rt every person implicated so far in the paris attacks has been a french or belgian citizen . none is a syrian migrant . https :/ … 
finding the links among the paris attackers 
the manhunt for the paris attackers 
rt all 5 id'd paris attackers eu citizens , have been in syria - among foreign fighters who colonized parts of syria . https://… 

the paris attackers : who were they ? 
paris attackers : who were they ? and why do we care abt ppl with shitloads of q's in their shitty names ? 
why would they do this ? painful 2 watch , important 2 know . the attackers the victims : 
who were the attackers in paris ? video . 
rt a snapshot of seven men suspected in the paris attacks . who were they ? by 
who are the paris attackers ? very informative video piece by my colleague 
prevention of radicalism ; possible only through cooperation w/ muslim immigrants paris attackers : who were they ? 

a doctor explains why he provides abortions in the south 
a doctor explains why he provides abortions in the south via 

on fake instagram , a chance to be real 
instagram or finstagram ? via 
fake a chance to be real 
for a certain generation , instagram has become a calling card , a life résumé of sorts : “ this is my life . jealous ? ” 
" finstagrams , " fake instagram accounts to show real life : via 
" but life isn’t all rooftop parties and 45-degree-angle selfies . " finstagram : fake instagram , a chance to be real 
on how young people are creating privacy for themselves online : 
it's the first time i've heard of finatagrams and it makes a lot of sense . 
rt why the advent of ' fake instagram' ? because life has become " a never-ending junior varsity ' vanity fair ' shoot . " … 
breaking : the times is on locked social media accounts . 
i freaking love instagram , but no way would i have stayed sane if i'd had it as a teen . i don't envy ' em now : 
fake instagram accounts give a chance to be real 
rt it's only on fake instagram that you have a chance to be real : 
honestly , who can keep up anymore ? 
fake instagram ( or finstagram ) is yet another example of how we manage privacy is a world that loves visibility 
reading this makes me feel old : vernor vinge was so prescient in rainbows end/fast times at fairmont high . 
rt young are presenting their true selves on “ finstagram ” accounts : https … 
rise of pseudonyms , multiple accts " for many young people , social media has become a burden " 
on “ finstagram ” accounts , and young people's longing to be more “ natural ” , “ real ” . this hurts my brain a little 
does your have a “ finstagram ” ? find out what you need to know about this growing trend on 
show you true self on fake instagram : 
rt are people more true to themselves on fake instagram accounts ? 
more than half of the 92 percent of teenagers ages 13 to 17 who go online daily use 
finstas , or fake accounts , are private accounts that you only let your closest friends follow 
instagram has become a life résumé of sorts : “ this is my life . jealous ? ” h/t 
some young adults have created “ finstagrams , ” or fake instagram accounts , that present truer versions of themselves 
the reason i still miss dailybooth , which was all " finsta " : fake instagram , a chance to be real - the new york times 
on fake a chance to be > 
‘ fake instagram ’ accounts offer a chance to be real , via 
fake instagram accounts now a thing for relieving the pressure to present a perfect online self . 
for a certain generation , instagram has become a life résumé of sorts : “ this is me . this is my life . jealous ? ” 
weary of staging their lives for social media , young people are presenting their true selves on locked “ finstagram ” accounts . 

french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking the public not to publicize the locations 
don't publicize police action on social media , say french police , it impedes operations 
french police ask people not to share locations of nationwide checkpoints they set up : 
🇺🇸 french police set up checkpoints all over france , but asking the public not to publicize the locations ( ny times ) 
points : french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking … 

when tv turns itself off 
after bloodshed , tv can be cathartic , or insensitive 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " … 
rt new : on tragedy , terrorism dramas and why pulp entertainment is not just appropriate but necessary . 
james on why the tendency of tv nets to pull episodes that echo terrorist attacks isn't necessarily good 
should tv networks cancel , postpone or rearrange their schedules in response to terrorist attacks ? 
when terrorists strike , television networks respond , sometimes sensitively and other times perhaps unnecessarily . 
rt great point by 
when broadcast tv self censors … " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares — communal , cathartic ... " 
should tv networks pull sensitive shows after a tragedy ? : “ we should not be surprised that extremists excoriate p … 

congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 
“ we can both welcome desperate , vulnerable families+ensure our own security ” via 
congressional democrats cautiously defend refugee program 

france-england game is a friendly in every sense of the word 
in light of the tragedy in paris , everyone came together during the france/england game 
op-ed : < /span > explaining terror to children 
last night's france vs . england redefined the meaning of a football ( soccer ) ' friendly ' 
followers that love soccer , this is worth time about the france-england friendly and what it means : 
“ la marseillaise ” during the friendly was uplifting to hear beyond any measure 
game is a in every sense of the word 
this france-england friendly game meant nothing , but nothing felt like everything . 
sometimes a friendly is just that . on england-france , which meant nothing but felt like everything . 
" the players had a duty to show the unstoppable tumble that is being alive . " 
friendly steeped in fraternity . all wembley sings “ la marseillaise ” at france-england match . sniff , 
this // normally , the visiting team’s anthem would be played first ; on this night , “ la marseillaise ” was played last 
france-england game was a friendly in every sense of the word 
lovely match report on a " friendly " between france and england 
lovely , lovely match report on france-england " friendly " 
france receives a friendly embrace in england 
it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night , nothing felt like everything . 
the exhibition in london , four days after terrorist attacks shook paris , was a game that meant nothing , but on this night , nothing felt like everything . 

as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — vía nytimesworld 
facebook french flag profile picture change erupts inequality discussion via 
damned if you do , damned if you don't! complaints of inequality for french flag filter . via 
thats why i did not change my profile picture as french flag 
as tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
top story : retweets as social media tributes pop up , so do … see more 
my short post on fb's french flag debacle , and how the lebanese flag made it to profile pics without facebook's help 
social media tributes-complaints of inequality - helping all cries have the option to be heard — via 
why did blatantly ignore and do nothing when warned . 

rt did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? fact-checks him . … 
" he was less clairvoyant than he suggests . " 
did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? nytpolitics fact-checks him . … 

storm system batters colorado and texas 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night , nothing felt like everything . 

rt french return to cafes in a show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” … 
rt rt french return to cafes show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” https … 

" the single best thing travelers can do to help is to stay in paris and to keep coming to the country . " 
what travelers can expect in 
how can tourists help ? : " stay in and to keep coming to the country " via 
in the aftermath of the attacks in the new york times has compiled useful information about what to ... 
“ the french need support now more than ever & want to return to normal life . ... not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
message to tourists : “ the french need support now more than ever , & leaving or not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
what can expect in 
here is a rundown on how hotels , airlines and cultural sites are accommodating travelers to paris 
also i wish i could give blood , but as a cancer survivor i believe i'm not allowed .... 
the best thing can do to help is to keep visiting paris and not be scared away . 
here is some helpful advice from the for anyone travelling to 
great article 

ireland holds its first same-sex marriage ceremony 

rt isis was born out of america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army http … 
in rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame 
rt was born in america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army . https : … 
the rise of isis - chronicled by the nyt across two administrations . 
" isis , born out of us camp bucca prison in iraq , perfect place to build army " 
rt like getting a college-level course in a single story : on isis , its origins , missed signals and prospects … 
a little too focused on u . s . -induced reasons , but relatively informative narration . 
“ if you were looking to build an army , prison is the perfect place to do it . " how we missed the rise of isis 
rt in rise of isis , by nyt's who knows iraq like few others 

rt marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
y esto es lo peligroso " le pen’s anti-islam speech gains influence in france " 
de lo peor ... marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 

the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! the art ! 
why coney island remains " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years . coney island : the hot dogs ! the art ! 
coney island fanatics can go see this show at the brooklyn museum starting friday 
“ it’s an interesting kind of crazy . ” : 
an exhibition at tracks coney island through its stylish rise , slow decline and eventual revival . 
excited for this coney island exhibit seems to have some really quirky but interesting art : 
dreams of the bygone 
in 1950's when i was a teen steeplechase was the " world " . till scumbag fred trump ruined it . read : 
inspired by coney island at 
coney island : the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! art ! wanna see this show " visions of an american dreamland " 

an 11th-hour detour puts a family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 

rt a woman in was killed when she detonated an explosive vest during a raid , french officials said . … 
a woman hiding out in an apartment in st. -denis was killed when she detonated an explosive vest 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - new york times 
top story : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special fo … see more 
top story : retweets woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by spe … see more 
woman killed in raid after detonating explosive vest - diesel , a 7-yr-old police dog , also killed 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces — via nytimesworld@ 
woman detonates suicide vest in st-denis raid in paris via 
top woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
paris : updates on the terror attacks : paris : updates on the terror attacks ! 
rt woman killed in raid in paris ; three men captured by special forces . live updates : 
woman killed in raid . 5 suspects arrested . 
the raid in st. -denis brought major disruption to residents and commuters 
woman killed in raid via 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
" heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid " fails 
rt french police raid targets mastermind … 
french police raid targets mastermind 🇫🇷 

rt facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 
rt : nytimes : facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant frm belgium whose family wanted him dead 

what's happening to obamacare premiums 

wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? 
" there are no women in denton’s vision of an ideal " woof . 
editor-in-chief : the ideal gawker story should expose meaningful hypocrisy 
is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? | fishbowldc 
is changing its focus 
gawker to rebrand as political news site : internet gossip pioneer is moving in a new edi ... 
editor-in-chief explains the sites ' politics via 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ via 
newstream© : wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or a head-scratcher ? 
will morph into a site focused on politics , its founder and top editor said . 
my favorite website is 
nytimes : is changing its focus 
the anti-politico to focus on political news and away from gossip 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a sit ... 
is diversity a blind spot for a very interesting read - what's your take ? 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a site that pioneered the … 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a sit ... … 
drops weird news , four employees - washington post ( blog ) 
new york times gawker to retool as politics site new york times a site that pioneered the … 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ via 

you probably have a to-go pasta dish . next time , try this one instead . 

rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 

eagles of death metal make first statement on paris attacks 
story eagles of death metal make first state … see more 
the band , which was headlining at the bataclan on friday when gunmen stormed the venue , said on f ... via 

diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to the dismay of some 
a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid - the new york times 
a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid — via 
rt more about diesel , the french police dog killed during a counterterrorism raid outside of paris 
rt a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid — 
rest in peace , diesel , hero french dog of st. denis . 
isaranjuez : rt nytimes : diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to … 
nytimes : diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to the dismay of … 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

fifa rejects sepp blatter's appeal . maybe he didn't offer enough . you'd think he'd know the going scale for bribes . 
blatter and platini lose fifa appeals and remain suspended 
soccer , international federation of association football ( fifa ) , blatter , sepp , platini , michel via nyt 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck , and why via 

rt after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via 
after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via nytopinion 
" after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via " = f 

the eiffel tower is closed again 
eiffel tower is closed once again - new york times 
it has been confirmed that the eiffel tower is closed due to a bomb threat 
eiffel tower is closed once again — via nytimesworld 
updates on paris . 
" responding to hatred with anger would be to fall to the same ignorance that made you the people you are . " a . leiris 

rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 
rt aigriffin : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had batt … 
“ rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease ” sad day . such a great player 
nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 

manhattan psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client - - 
scamming vulnerable people can be a huge business . psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client . 
psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client is the business ethical ? 
it's amazing how stupid people are . psychics are con artists . 
manhattan psychic admits taking over $550000 from lovelorn client - new york times 
you just can't make this shit up . $ 550,000 for psychic to raise the dead 
love is wasted on the young , money on the rich . 
how stupid can people be ? $us550 , ooo ! 

" morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . " 

how amazon’s long game yielded a retail juggernaut - 
one analyst predicts that in five years , 50% of american households will have joined amazon prime . 
amazon's rise : a.w.s and " inflection point " of retail as its distribution infrastructure reaches a critical mass . 
prime time : estimate says by 2020 at least 50% of us households will have joined 
amazon rules ! 
amazon’s long game yielded a retail juggernaut - the new york times true 4 me changed my day-2-day buy habits 
does bet on growth finally pay off ? long game yielded a retail juggernaut 
asked if there was any potential threat to dominance , analysts literally laughed 
step 1 : step 2 : 
amazon's patience - 
how amazon's long game yielded a retail juggernaut 
an in-depth analysis on why is so far ahead via 
amazon invested in infrastructure instead of focussing on quarterly profits - and now that investment is paying off 
long-term strategic orientation - did it help or hinder amazon ? 
" prime alters the psychology of shopping " & other reasons dominates retail : via 
kudos to sly for linking to 1 of his old stories as example of an " overblown " fear . 
jeff bezos bucked the trend of seeking shor t-t erm results to create an addictive shopping experience few can match … 
rt amazon has overcome doubts about whether scale would mean profit , and prime is the key , writes 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
your date/model . let's go somewhere exotic & try new things . book ... 
very useful timeline from nytimes . 
top story : retweets where isis claims it has struck , and wh … see more 
where claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck since october 3 , and why 
russell goldman and karen yourish teaching things mum can't . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 

finding the links among the paris attackers 
nbcinvestigates : rt nytimes : finding the links among the paris attackers 
finding the links among the paris attackers via 

“ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race 
rt nytimes : “ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race … 

this map by shows why switching obamacare plans makes financial sense , even if it's a pain : 
" in many obamacare markets , renewal is not an option " 
. how do we ' shop around ' ( as you proposed ) , when shopping around is not an option ? 
nytimes-getting a plan from c o-o p running at a loss is a " bargain " -in many obamacare markets , renewal not an option 
how are changing where you live ? latest analysis from and 
interactive map in this story shows where obamacare rates went up , where they went down , and by how much : 
in many markets , renewal is not an option as companies struggle to comply & still make money 
change of plan : in many obamacare markets , renewal … 
awesome work from and on renewals . interactive map shows benefit of shopping for better deal 

aung san suu kyi has moved toward dominance in myanmar . her words have become provocative . 

( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 
thnks 2 4 thanksgiving desserts from me & 
now i know what to do with my chestnut flour and bag of cranberries . thanks 
bless for chocolate chestnut cake & cranberry curd tart recipes via & 
a couple ideas for gluten-free desserts fro upcoming holiday . 
( if not guilt-free ) desserts 
( and maybe not guilt-free ! ) thanksgiving desserts : via 
nut flours are key to indulgent , gluten-free desserts 
rt ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 
¿cuál es tu restaurante favorito sin gluten ? : gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiv ... 
gluten-free ( if not guild-free ) thanksgiving via 
city kitchen : ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving wheat-free chocolate … 

message gains influence in 
wonder how that'll play out in france w/ marine le pen's message gaining traction & upcoming election 
who didn't see this coming ? exactly what those thugs wanted : le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
marine le pen's anti-islam message gains influence in france - 
terrifying : marine le pen's gaining more of an audience post- 
history repeating itself ? 
you think she stopped by the elysee palace to measure for curtains ? le pen v hollande in 2017 ?... 
marine le pen’s anti-islam message in france don't get caught up in the political selfserving propaganda . 
... and this is an understatement , i'm sure 
no , the national front party : 
" this repeated connection — immigration equals islamism & terrorism — is playing powerfully in the minds of voters . " 

the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 

is changing its focus 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - the new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - new york times 
it seems to have been a harmless package & some sort of threat 
web dsign 
seo website builder soccer stadiu ... 
police have found an ambulance packed with explosives outside soccer match in 
this is getting way too close . i work in this city and spend most of my days there . it's crazy .... 

a rallying cry in paris : " everyone to the bar ! " 
a rallying cry in paris : “ everyone to the bar ! ” 

rt the united nations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
dear friend of dear friends of mine . full of ' joie de vivre ! " , love , life & sunshine . no words suffice .. rip pierro 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins — via 
lovers of live music , travelers to & co-runners of the family italian joint ; the 2 cousins at 

how do we talk to our kids about paris ? via 
look for the helpers , appreciate the flowers , and don’t let fear stop you . ❤ ️ 
this is a great article for us parents trying to find the right words when talking to our kids in times of tragedy . 
" they might have guns , but we have flowers " 
in the wake of tragedy : " don’t let fear stop you from being the person you want to be when the worst happens " 
one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers via 
rt i wasn't going to write " talking paris with kids " until i saw how beautifully this dad handled it : … 
motherlode blog : one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flo ... 
one parent , on they might have guns , but we have flowers 
what can we tell our kids in difficult times ? “ look for the flowers . ” 
rt some of us help . some bring flowers . some can't help but bring their fear . talking paris w/ kids 

cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating isis , kerry says 
cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - - 
cease-fire and a political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , john kerry says . 
cease-fire and a political transition in crucial to defeating says . 
visiting france , kerry vows ' greater pressure ' on isis 
cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating says 
visiting france , kerry vows ‘ greater pressure ’ on isis 
sec . kerry states there will be more pressure on isis , from the world community 
. urges ceasefire - cease-fire & political transition in crucial to defeating kerry says 
yes , but what of pol future of irq ? " kerry : ceasefire & political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis " 
kerry says a cease-fire & political transition in syria crucial to defeat isis 
and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - new york times 
when love to come . cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating is ... 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
if you were wondering about lsu grad he sees himself more as a malcolm not martin 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

french return to cafes in a show of defiance 
rt parisians find the perfect -- and perfectly french - way of responding to the terrorists . … 
rt if you read 1 paris story today : on " the french way " " they'll never kill that " stay for the kicker … 
france : " we will not let the terrorists win " america : " internment camps worked out , right ? " 
we returned to no matter how it was changed or with what difficulties , or ease , it could be reached 
rt isis's mistake . free people don't run . we stand our ground . nyc did after 9/11 . paris after 11/13 . they won't win . https://… 

reupping this from yesterday : how 2016 may mirror 2004 on national security 
after paris , who passes the ‘ commander in chief test’ ? 
leaving the democratic party after this election . fed up . 
social event stops : after area , who passes the ' physical object in chief problem solving' ? 
we may not want to politicize tragedies , but tragedies have political outcomes all the same . 

this new nyc building " makes the case for why architecture matters " 

germany-netherlands match canceled over security concerns 
germany-netherlands soccer match canceled over security concerns 
germany cancels soccer match with netherlands 
ah nevermind , seems like it was just a " suspicious object " twitter messing with us . 
germany-netherlands match canceled , evidence of plans to detonate an explosive device in the stadium : 
germany cancels match with the netherlands over security concerns - - 
police chief says there was serious threat to city and stadium , including plan for explosion . 

fact checks of the 2016 election 
one fact-checker to rule them all : today launches the first column as our in-house " doubting thomas . " 
caught in a ( gasp ) fib . he should never become a tv psychic 
love nyt fact checking what the candiates saying for the next us pres election . 

a migrant boy with a thermal blanket on the shore of the greek island of lesbos 
rt beautiful ender in today's pictures of the day slideshow 
photos of the day 
rt women worshiped the setting sun while celebrating a hindu festival in mumbai . more photos https :/ … 
top story : pictures of the day : france and elsewhere - people gazed at bullet h … see more 

something happened in network tv that's almost unheard-of these days : a show got canceled . 

- aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of dignified defiance , sounds a provocative note 
new york times - usa - a defiant voice sounds a bolder note in myanmar - 
does respect for law include fidelity to a military-imposed constitution ? 
a symbol of dignified sounds provocative 
why tell us what she was wearing on her first day in parliament ?? 
aung san suu kyi , on the cusp of power , is sounding imperious . what kind of leader is she ? 
interesting insights to the leadership style of by 
aung san suu kyi wins " so far the military has been gracious in defeat , which stuns many burmese 
aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of sounds a provocative note 
burma's democracy icon , on the cusp of power , sounds provocative . how she will govern ? 
so happy to read the words of in again . his smart take on aung san suu kyi's rise in myanmar : 
aung san suu kyi , " the future is hers to shape . " by via 
a symbol of defiance , aung san suu kyi’s victory sets democracy example to asian neighbours 
rt seth mydans , long-time southeast asia hand , returns to the pages of the nyt for a profile of aung san suu kyi . https … 
rt after landslide election win , imperious style of burma's democracy hero raises questions about how she will govern . https :/ … 
ny times : long a symbol of dignified defiance , sounds a provocative note 

experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
belgian suspect in paris had been target of strikes on isis in syria 
heavy gunfire , suicide , as french police raid paris terror suspects ' way station / nytimes 
2 dead , 7 arrested in a raid this morning in a paris neighborhood . officials were targeting the mastermind behind ... 
heavy gunfire erupts as seek in raid 
second suspect in paris attacks sought . 
heavy gunfire erupts as police seek suspects in raid 
paris attacks suspect was target of strikes on isis in syria 
second suspect is sought in paris attacks 

a return to living . a show of unity . france receives a friendly embrace in england 

indiana gov's ban on syrian refugees forces aid groups to scramble to find family a home 
the family was waiting in jordan for 3 years , finally granted permission to enter us , and indiana guv says no 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 
glad we live in the nuteg state . compassionate , decent nutmegs ! syrian family to connecticut as indiana bars refugees 
what gov decision about refugees meant for one family . 
bravo 2 integrated refugee&immigrant services : family in connecticut after indiana bars syrian refugees 
indiana state govt told refugee resettlement agency that syrians suspended , syrian family diverted to ct at last min 
bars syrian family w 4-year old , aping gop theme of hate , fear , 
bellwether puts local face on national issues . today , refugee issue cuts close as in gov pence bars syrians 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars refugees 
this has been a horrible year for we will stop spending our money in indiana ( again ) after this 
governors can find ways to influence where refugees settle after all ( h/t 
“ the last thing a refugee agency wants to do is give in to this un-american , political and knee-jerk reaction . ” 
i miss my home state ... it's really beautiful sometimes . 
proud today to live in new haven , ct , home of and , soon , the newest immigrants to the us . 
indiana finds more ways to make headlines | detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 
11th-hour detour puts family of 3 , including a 4-year-old , in connecticut as bars refugees 
syrian refugee family headed for indiana now had to change plans : 
about that the yuge refuge flood trump and others keep talking about : " 187 syrians arrived in the month of october " 
indiana asked private refugee agency to redirect syrian refugees family , and agency then found them a new home 
more uncomfortable press for our state thanks to tone deaf governor . come on november 2016 !!! 
i literally just read this or i would have asked him myself if it comes up , can you try for comment ? 
only thing we have to fear is fear itself : 11th-hour detour puts family in conn . as indiana bars syrian refugees 
despite cuomo's adament comments to the contrary , governors clearly do have some authority over refugee placement 
after waiting 3 years for approval to enter u.s. , syrian refugee family diverted to ct when indiana gov says no 
ah , indiana in the news again . connecticut is probably nicer anyhow . 
kudos to for welcoming syrian refugees denied relocation in indiana . 
hoosier hospitality and compassion : 11th-hour detour as indiana bars syrian refugees 
to help " our agencies are in consultations w/community organizations , local&state governments + schools . " 
glad to see my native state step up in the wake of mike pence's craven failure . thanks , ct and gov . malloy . 
shame on you you are despicable , and an embarrassment to this isn't hoosier hospitality . 
syrian refugee family turned away from indiana will be settled in new haven 
is the gop going to start banning french and belgian citizens from their states too ? 
syrian refugee family turned away from indiana , end up in in connecticut 
“ the last thing a refugee agency wants 2do is give in 2this un-american , political +knee-jerk reaction ” via 
reshuffling only to hospitable states " not impossible , but far from ideal ” - hias vp melanie nezer 
refugees looking to resettle are being turned away in the last minute . 
syrian refugees are not in the usa during process . see & 
iris - integrated refugee & immigrant services makes today's the new york times . 
mike pence is the most embarrassing governor in the nation . 
welcome to indiana , unless you're not white , christian or straight . 
turns out , governors can refuse refugees : 11th-hour detour puts family in as governor bars 
rt : turns out , governors can refuse refugees : 11th-hour detour puts family in as governor bars … 
rt syrian refugee family was set to go to indiana , till governor said no . now on their way to new haven . https : … 
rt indiana shuts out syrian refugees , telling agency to find another state ; connecticut welcomes family . … 
11th-hour detour puts family in as indiana bars syrian refugees : 
shopowner , wife & 4 yr old . real brave , gov . pence . 11th-hr detour puts family in conn . as ind . bars syria refugees 
state legislatures are able to keep syrian refugees out in practice/ 11th-hr detour puts family in ct instead of in 

paul ryan calls for halt to syrian refugee program 
republicans call for halt to syrian ... | 
rt house speaker paul ryan calls 4 halting syrian refugee program . it's now officially on the republican platform … 
to reject refugees is as bad as 1930s when us rejected jews fleeing saying they were communist spies 
republicans call for halt to human program - new york times 
also tuesday , two senators announced a push for a formal authorization of military force agains .. 
us house pressures obama to kill refugee plan 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 

" let’s go see what god created . " 
" family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it was murder " 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
intersting read that offers alternative but still negative narrative on police-civillian interactions in idaho town 
some of tight-knit dynamics ; interesting piece from on " anger , doubt " after fatal encounter 
annals of idaho : white conservatives also don't like it when their loved ones are shot and killed by the police 
anger and doubt rise after man’s encounter with 
good boy ; dindu nuffin . 
police are shooting good ol ' boys now . wonder if that will change any attitudes ? 
anger and doubt rise after idaho ranch owner's fatal encounter with deputies 
idaho deputies fatally shot a local man and his small western town seeks his justice 
family of man by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man's fatal encounter with deputies - new york times 

rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 

your wednesday briefing 
rt your wednesday briefing 

is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
rt rt hey are you going to declare war on boko haram too ? 
is suspected after explosion in kills 32 
last tues , an explosion in a nigerian city killed 32 people . 
boko haram , gop governors suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
boko haram suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
shared a link 
another attack . evidence for thesis that displaced rebels/terrorists likelier to target civilians 
sigh . 
terror striking around the world after paris attacks - " boko haram is suspected after exp … 

sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 
nytimes : sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 

networks take longer to drop shows 
latest twist on tv ? new shows rarely get cancelled . explains why 
rt notes on why there's only been one cancelation in network tv this season 
i forgot jeremy sisto was on wicked city . i forgot it starred anyone but chuck bass . 
" it speaks to a gripping anxiety that has spread throughout an industry where hits are in short supply " 
" last friday , something happened in network television that’s almost unheard-of these days . " great story 
tv networks are pausing before hitting ‘ cancel ’ : in an industry where hits are in short supply , exec ... 
dtn financial news : tv networks are pausing before hitting ‘ cancel ’ : in an industry where hits are in short su ... 
even the gray lady is oblivious . 
the content gold rush is drying up the talent pool . 
news ::::::::::: with tv viewing changing , networks take longer to drop sh ... ♥ buyfb 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . 
rt it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . https : … 

what china has been building in the south china sea 
reef to island in less than a year : china has been building in south china sea . 
concerning destruction of reefs for island expansion in the south china sea ... 
one way to destroy a coral reef in the progress name by china 
china is converting entire reefs to islands in just one year . yet , we can't finish velachery-taramani link road 
what has been building in the south china sea : via 
very interesting time lapse of what china is building in the south china sea & why it's bad for us/china relations : 
rt the united states sent a ship into disputed south china sea waters . more context on why : … 
" all is fair in love and war " -- john lyly . unfortunately china forgot that reefs are actual living breathing ... 
rt amazing graphics on this nyt story about the chinese efforts to claim the spratly islands : 

justice antonin scalia questions logic behind rights protections - 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections ( 
scalia does it for the lulz , apparently . 
officials at report std levels rising to alarming levels via 
scalia's a moron with idiotic comparison . justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections 
justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
so glad that in this time of hating muslims , scalia has found time to hate gay people too 
ignoring the history of civil rights , scalia equates laws protecting my marriage to laws protecting child molesters . 
well , this makes me so angry , i want to vomit : 
scalia's just being a troll here . because he hates to lose . and we're winning . via 
antonin scalia : supreme court justice questions constitutionality of gay rights protection scalia made his ... 
have you seen this ? i predict regressive left hashtag slacktivists asking for scalia to step down 
once again , it's the difference between the letter and the spirit of the thing . c'mon , scalia -- smell the coffee ! 
this dude is a turd . 
question - must remove poor treatment of gays from islam ? what about from christians here ? 
are you really going to compare it to pedophiles ? justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights via 
please file under “ headlines i wish i could unsee ” - 
realizing that people like these have doctorate degrees from harvard & yale proves education means nothing 
child abusers and pederasts hurt people . way to make analogies that don't work , scalia . via 
" ... mmmmm don't look at me , but , as i've said , it's unnatural ... and ... perverted also . " 
it's never nice to wish for someone's death , but it'll be so sweet when this fucker finally croaks 
so scalia can't distinguish between groups like black , gays or women and groups like child abusers and pederasts 
it's 2015 . stop comparing lgbt people to criminals & pedophiles . even for scalia this hate is beyond the pale . 
antonin scalia questions protections afforded to people ; says same logic could apply to child molesters . 
u.s. supreme ct justice scalia compares protecting people to protecting child molesters 
this language from scalia is irresponsible and hateful . i get you having a moral issue but supporting hate ... 
justice scalia reveals again that be doesn't seem to understand much of anything by comparing gays to child ... 
breaking : justice scalia is skeptical of carolene products footnote 4 . 
rt god bless justice scalia for presenting his anti-gay views in the most unattractive and unconvincing way possible . https :/ … 
uncharacteristic representation on nyt's part . scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
justice scalia is a sad , reprehensible , impotent man ; likens lgbtq+ protections to child molesters . via 
in news from the late 1700s : scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections :: via 
i used to think scalia had a great legal mind that i disagreed with . but really , he's just a smug asshole . 
rt justice scalia is not only an asshole , but one totally unaware of the world he lives in - 
fuck you - comparing legal protections of people to 
" you guys " being the comment section of free republic . | " i write the dissents for you guys " 
justice scalia equates rights to child molesters , can't trust this guy for giving people a fair hearing 

paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syrian refugees into the u.s. 
mohandesdean : rt nytimes : paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syria … 

on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
12 . blog entry : bernie sanders , 2003-2011 american iraq war , conflict inappropriateness : sanders takes cue from dean 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " by patrick healy via 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " by patrick healy via nyt 
on invading sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
smart piece contrasting sanders and dean on invading iraq and ousting hussein . 
on invading learns from howard dean's mistakes 
on invading iraq , bernie answers katie couric with vivid context & clear common sense . true foreign policy prowess ! 
first draft : on invading bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
first draft : on invading iraq , bernie sanders … 
rt just say no : on invading takes a cue from 2016 … 

reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect - new york times -- = 
rt reports of gunfire in suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect — via 

rt don lemon said this . i'm just going to leave this here . 
don lemon doesn’t get offended 
interviewer " how does someone get to be as self-accepting as you ? " , don lemon " what's the alternative ? " 
" if you don’t make room for the possibility that you can be intolerant then there is a good chance that you are . " 
" i am setting out to inform people " : don lemon tries to explain away his awful and offensive reporting : 
don lemon : " i would like to have a judgment-free-zone place where we can go -- all of us -- and we can all talk . " 
" the best way to improve yourself is to improve yourself . " 
rt “ don lemon said this . im just going to leave this here ” ht … 
" i'd probably be a writer like james baldwin . " 
rt for those looking for the link : 
my comment on doesn’t get offended via 
don lemon thinks he could be jesus christ q : that sound you hear when don lemon talking ? a : 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

mourners reflected in the bullet-pierced glass of le carillon in paris on tuesday 

french president françois hollande said he'll travel to washington next week to meet with president obama 

raw talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of americ ... 
found this interesting , just because : raw talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of america 
raw talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of america : the institute has gotten serious about a l ... 
the fightin ' foodies ! 
the culinary institute of america has sports teams ?? 
rt . on america's most unlikey college athletics program : the one at the culinary institute of america https … 
yes , culinary institute of america has an athletic department : 
ny times : raw talent and college sports mix at 
interesting read raw talent & college sports mix at culinary institute of america 
concession stand must be good talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of america 
at culinary institute , sports are a entity ware 
raw talent and college mix at culinary institute of america- nyt 
" a steel , as any chef knows but most college basketball fans do not , is a tool for sharpening knives . " 
our awesome athletes and our growing athletic program were featured in the new york times !... 
raw talent and college sports mix at the culinary institute of america 
any bets on this year's mixing bowl ? a look at the surprisingly good sports teams at culinary institute of america 
perfect for c.i.a. steels play by play : slicing and dicing ! shaking and baking ! dishing and swishing ! 
rt coachburns2 food and sports . why didn't i go here ? - raw talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of … 
go steels . 

nubia 1st baby to survive ebola having been born to infected mother 
guinea , last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
rt nubia was born in an ebola unit to a mom who died after giving birth . “ she’s broken all records , this little girl " https … 
after nearly two years , guinea begins the countdown to the end of the epidemic : 
last nation w/ may soon be declared free of . 
hopefully there will be some positive news on the way : may soon be declared free . via 
soon to be declared free - 
for the first time since march 2014 , no one is known to have ebola . 
fingers crossed : last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
we deserve some good news ! last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 

16 million americans live on $8.60 or less a day . 
both republicans and democrats are ignoring the poorest americans 
electing to ignore the poorest of the - - 
in the us there's the deserving poor and the undeserving poor . we get to ignore those . my column 
" by believing the poor are not exerting enough effort , we allow ourselves not to care . " -- 
rt almost 16 million americans live on some $8.60 a day or less . the latest column from … 
for decades , economic policy has shifted away from assisting the growing number of americans living in deep 
interesting perspective on how we view and address poverty from a policy standpoint 
did you know that 16 million americans live on less than $9 a day ? why aren't we talking about this ? 
with support in poor rural areas a smart move by conservatives would be to help those that help them into office . 
both parties appear to be ignoring the americans who need their attention most : the poorest of the poor 
ignoring the deeply , persistently poor : nearly 16 million americans still fall below 50 percent of the poverty line 
rt " witnessing the presidential debates , i am not optimistic that deep poverty is going to become anybody’s priority . " https :/ … 
important piece by on and government assistance ( or lack thereof ) . 
isn't it shameful that the u.s. , the world's richest country , still ignores the poorest populations ? via 
even after accounting for gov't assistance programs , nearly 16m americans still fall below 50% of the poverty line . 
but both parties [ ... are ] ignoring the americans who need their attention most : the deeply , persistently poor . 
but we can we elect to address poverty ! see 
good read by touching on a lot of issues book raises about living in extreme poverty 
rt out of sight , out of mind . “ we know startlingly little about life at the bottom of society , ” notes matthew desmond … 
rt electing to ignore the 16 million americans who are the poorest of the poor 
believing the poor aren't exerting enough effort lets us ignore that almost 16m live in extreme poverty < $8.60 /day . 
rt the poor get ignored in american politics . all of my scholarly work is motivated by a desire to change this . … 
politicians " appear to be ignoring the americans who need their attention most : the deeply , persistently poor " 
selective government assistance programs have left behind the persistently poor , an issue that has not been addressed in the presidential election season . 

how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia 

rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attacks … 
police say target of raids was belgian suspect 
the paris prosecutor’s office said that the target of raids in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis was ... 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing … 
rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the at … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attac … 
points : police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , th … 

why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 
nytimes : why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 

maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the bataclan concert hall 
remember maxime bouffard — via 
points : maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the batac … 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan mas … — via 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan massacre 

[ refugees across europe fear repercussions from paris attacks [ 
refugees across europe fear repercussions from attacks - new york times : 
rt across europe fear repercussions from they flee same or actually much wors … 
across europe fear repercussions from they flee same or actually much worse violence 
across fear repercussions from paris attacks 
ny times : refugees across fear repercussions from paris attacks 
after in fear growing suspicion of their hosts and hostility on the 
nytimes : refugees across europe fear repercussions from attacks 
rt across fear repercussions from paris attacks 
refugees fear repercussions i exist thanks to refugee asylum . urge yr governors to keep states open . ❤ ️ 
rt across europe fear repercussions from attacks make them feel safe at home https : … 

" after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via " 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via nytopinion 

features communities that are home to approximately 2% of uac-cp students . 
an african king in 
an african king in – marvelous , tragic photographs ... 
this modest monarch can trace his lineage to west africa , where his ancestor prince uchicho was enslaved in 1820 . 
an african king in lbolivia 
lost royalty ? 
how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia via 
a simple , humble african king in bolivia 
new article in nytimes about the afro-bolivian king , julio pinedo ... 
just across from the touristic village of coroico , lives one of the remaining african kings !... 
rt jamesestrin : a simple , humble african king in bolivia nytimesphoto 
an african king and his wife , queen angelica , work in a small grocery store on the ground floor of their house in ... 
rt an african king in 
amazing story about african heritage in latin america : an africa king in bolivia 

what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis 
boingboing : rt nytimes : what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis … 

photos of the day 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 

gawker to retool as politics site 
rt as gawker and its " journalists " enter their death spiral , we can only hope they take jezebel with them . … 
gawker will now focus on " political news , commentary and satire " inspired by crew p 
gawker is changing focus as part of a broad revamping , will now cover politics , not media 
. to " ride the circus of the 2016 campaign cycle to reorient [ to ] political [ content ] " 
gawker is said to retool as politics site 
gawker will retool as a politics site ahead of the 2016 election . 
we can help pay off debt . $1.6 billion in loans were issued through prosper in 2014 . peer-to-peer loans through pro … 
gawker going purely political .... 
ahead of the 2016 elections , plans to retool as political site what are your thoughts ? 
to retool as politics site via 
internet journalism news : to retool as politics site 
plans to shift its focus from media to politics . 
gawker will now become a political news site . via 
gawker to become even less relevant to nyc journalists than it used to be . whoopie . 
rt to as ' site ' ... 
rebooting as a politics site 
shuttering io9 ? changing focus to politics ? wtf is happening at gawker right now ? 
rt speaking of people who love to blow denton , why does the times always let his friend ravi publish these hand jobs ? https :/ … 
i don’t understand gawkers repositioning . if politics writing brought clicks , buzzfeed wouldn’t need animal gifs . 
rt what if they don't wrap up ? to retool as politics site 
rt gawker is going to become a politics site : 
nytpolitics : gawker will retool as a politics site ahead of the 2016 election . 
eugh . to ' retool ' as the daily show-style politics site 

the strategic limits of isis : 
how comes isis ' worst enemy is ... isis itself // 
olivier roy : " is its own worst enemy . " 
this is a great op/ed that explains the complexity of the middle east . 
rt " war is not won without infantry " , but " isis is its own worst enemy " - readissimo islam scholar olivier roy here : … 
excellent article on strategic limitations of 
rt the strategic limits of isis ( and everyone else ): 
the attacks in reveal the strategic limits of 
" the main actors in the middle east deem other enemies to be more important " 
rt nyt : regional players prioritize own interests over isis . turkey w/ pkk , kurds w/ autonomy+territory & saudis w/ iran https :/ … 
the in reveal the strategic limits of 
the attacks in paris reveal the great article ... strategic limits of isis : 
oh , the complex webs we weave . 
although i don't think writer meant piece this way , it's an excellent argument for not doing very much about isis 
interesting analysis of why isis haven't been any country's enemy ( till now ) 
" much like al qaeda , isis has no support among the muslim people living in europe . it recruits only at the margins . " 
solid analysis of isis by olivier roy for the new york times 
wanr some perspective on isis and how idiculoysly complex the situation is and why there re no simple answers ?... 
france is perhaps alone in wanting and trying to annihilate isis . 
globalized terrorism isno more effective , strategically , than conducting aerial bombings without forces onthe ground 

white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks 
it's really depressing to me that the world is just now waking up to what has been going on in syria for years 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks - new york times 
gop : obama refugee vetting “ doesn’t sound at all robust to me " white house affirms syrian refugee plan 
rt white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & … 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & humane 
white house affirms refugee plan despite paris attacks 
via nyt > middle east 

rt a look at the altered images , bogus tweets and odd theories that spread across the internet after the paris attacks https : … 
rt fascinating read about misinformation in the aftermath of tragedies . 
paris attacks give rise to fakes and misinformation 
rumors , fake tweets , and a selfie of a canadian mistaken for a terrorist : beware of misinformation after big events 
not surprising : give rise to fakes and misinformation shared via social media via 
la razón's fake terrorist front page makes it into the new york times : 
give rise to fakes and misinformation , including mainstream media 
paris attacks give rise to misinfo 
people will share anything online in order to share something online . 
read when terror strikes , count on new york times spending its resources debunking and not investigating conspiracy . 
this is undeniably true that on the internet , there is always something surprises you yet it's fake . 
give rise to and | via by 
paris attacks give rise to fakes & | by 
a terrible part about the tragedies : people spreading harmful misinformation about the attacks , about innocents . 
please stop re-posting things you see on fb without checking them first . even the most benign posts can be ... 

security forces swarmed a paris suburb during an early-morning raid 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 
charlie sheen : i paid blackmailers $10 million to keep quiet about my hiv . 
" “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen in an interview with matt lauer " 

after paris attacks , vilifying refugees : 
" confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
rt nyt editorial : " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " … 
editorial in the after paris attacks , vilifying 
building new barriers with the argument that muslims are inherently dangerous provides propaganda benefits to the is 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " important editorial : 
' confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable ' . interesting editorial : 
the fear mongering by some in this country is sickening . it's not who we should be . after paris , vilifying refugees 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " thank you https … 
after vilifying refugees 
after " confusing refugees w/terrorists is morally unacceptable and ... misguided " interesting piece . 
rt refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
refugees r often fleeing from violence : mt post , vilifying refugees 
rt after " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " timely editorial on opening up to refugees . https :/ … 
rt some refreshingly blunt words from editorial . 
rt after attacks , the rush to vilify @ new york times editorial 

rt the heroic dr. willie parker in today's new york times . 
why i provide abortions 
" when women have access to abortion , contraception & medically accurate sex education , they thrive . " 
huge thank you for those who provide care is 
interesting article about abortion 
inspired & strengthened by dr. willie parker's commitment to women's health . 
" in public health , you go where the crisis is . " 
dr. willie parker on why he provides " our patients need us , and that’s what we are supposed to do . " 
we know that when women have access to abortion , contraception and medically accurate sex education , they thrive . 
rt " i want for women what i want for myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determination & the opportunity to excel . " … 
" i want for women what i want for myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determination & opportunity to excel ... " 
the fantastic dr. willie parker on why he provides care . 
your must-read of the day is short , sweet , and to the point : why i provide 
rt " because i can . and : because if i don’t , who will ? " dr. parker on why he provides abortions 
" i want for women what i want for myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determination and the opportunity to ... 
nytimes opinion piece : why i provide 
a doctor explains why he provides abortions in the south 
i went back home to alabama because women in the south are being denied the abortions that are their legal right . 

facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials said 
a soccer match between and the was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat : 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , official … 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials s … 
points : a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled becau … 

what causes eye twitches ? 
ask ny times well blog : via 
eye twitches are often caused by stress , but involuntary eyelid spasms could be something more severe via 
this time of year we get more patients experiencing this common complaint . 
does your eye twitch ? read this to find out what causes it ! 
well : eye twitches 
an answer to a common question ! 
what causes the eye to twitch ? via 
why is my eye twitching ? via 
choice tidbit like our facebook page ... it's an education ! 
i have always wondered about this ... 

strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results . 
rt results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” - 30 hit mainly outskirts … 
strikes on in lead to more questions than results 
french bombing missions strike nothing but empty buildings . lol ! 
on in lead to more than 
" why , if there's is targets that could be hit w/o killing civilians , weren't they hit long ago ? what was being hit ? " 
rt bombing for show ? us , syria , jordan , russia , now france : need revenge on isis ? drop a few bombs on raqqa ! syria https://… 
rt 1 . so if us can give france 10s of short-notice isis targets w/o killing civilians , why weren't they hit before ? … 
before every brit wets themselves in excitement over bombing isis in syria , it seems french airstrikes are for show . 
why , if there were targets that could be hit without killing civilians , were they not hit long ago ? 
strikes on raqqa in syria " targeting abandoned empty locations 
french airstrikes on mostly hit " abandoned empty locations " 
rt french airstrikes on raqqa in syria , very little tangible results : nyt -- anyone surprised ? 
rt 2 . and if not , then are they hitting civilians/accepting more risk of that ? or empty land/bldgs , bombing for show ? https :/ … 
rt the barrage of french airstrikes didn't kill civilians , mostly hit empty buildings . … 
rt french and russian airstrikes on raqqa : more questions than answers . 
the airstrikes are renewing a debate about how effective such attacks can be in defeating or containing 

charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep it secret 
rt we hope . announcement finally quiets tabloids . should not be stigmatized ! 
rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 
we can help pay off debt . $1.6 billion in loans were issued through prosper in 2014 . peer-to-peer loans through pro … 
sad but not surprising given his lifestyle 
check out charlie sheen's interview on the today show this morning as he unveils secrets . 
commcore ceo speaks about the charlie sheen interview . 
rt sheen paid millions to keep hiv secret - like we'd be shocked to know drug use , prostitutes had led to bad things http … 
the actor said he had known about the diagnosis for about four years but did not know how he contracted the virus . a … 
rt charlie sheen says he has hiv and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret … 
rt charlie sheen said he paid people “ into the millions ” to stay quiet about his hiv diagnosis ht … 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " seriously ? sorry to say , but you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " really , mr. sheen ? you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
rt charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep his diagnosis secret 
charlie sheen's hiv status : cs says he paid mllions t keep it quiet puzzlng : have we moved on s/ ' 80s ? 
rt he felt like he needed to keep it a secret . we can end stigma together ! 
actor charlie sheen has confirmed that he is hiv positive : 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
points : he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert ha … 

awakening to a raid upstairs , and explosions - new york times : abc newsawakening to a raid upstairs , and explo ... 

taking stock vs isis , experts recommend all the measures obama has rejected 
experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
envisioning how global powers can smash isis 
explain how can 
this is savagery , not strategy : 
rt you know it's been a long week when the new york times has stopped capitalizing sentences . … 
provocative . isis can't be defeated w/o reformation of islam . muslims must offer an alternative vision 
rt experts explain how global powers can smash 
how to fight is - a must-read : envisioning how global powers can smash isis 
stop bickering and fight the real enemy 
envisioning how global powers can smash isis war of apes stupids 
rt public has to see muslims as part of the solution to isis . https :/ … 
no clear strategy emerges ... " experts explain how global powers can smash 
rt everyone talks about eradicating tell us what it would take . … 
a thoughtful approach to the isis threat that calls for " free movement of people , labor and ideas . " 
experts can't agree on how to beat isis 
“' isis is tapping into a deep emotional wound amid arabs and muslims , ' said ed husain , a british activist and ... 
clearly multi pronged strategies will need to be deployed how global powers can smash isis 
rt an absolute must-read on a1 tomorrow about where isis came from , what it wants , and how to destroy it : … 
experts explain how global powers can smash spoiler alert : lots of conflicting solutions 
overheated rhetoric doesn't respond to the profound problem of & 
one of the best articles i've read about the situation in bombast will not solve this problem 

rt isis photo of what they say is the ied that brought down the russian plane in the sinai : https :/ … 
isis shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet 
shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet - the new york times 
shares image of it says brought down jet 
shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet — 
isis shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet — via 
unbelievable ! check out the improvised explosive device used to bring down a russian airliner over the sinai ... 
how do y'all kno all of this i don't get it man smh 
rt isis brags about explosive that brought down russian jet 
📥 0 new updates - isis shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet 
and now you know why banned liquids . 
scary !!!! - 
rt in its magazine , is shows picture of what it claims is the type of schweppes soda can they used as an ied on plane https :/ … 
isis shares image of soda-can explosive it says brought down russian jet — via 
isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian jet 
isis shows off bomb it says brought down jet 
whaaa ? that queazy feeling when the internets are being used by : isis sharing image of bomb on its on line magazine ! 
the manhunt for the paris attackers - the new york times - 
top story : retweets isis shares image of explosive that it … see more 
isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian … — via 
looks like clock boy has been at it again ... 
most surprising part of this is that isis has a " glossy online propaganda magazine " called dabiq : 
isis shows off it says brought down jet 

congrats to cormac gollogly & richard dowling , first couple to legally marry ! 
first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
" ireland’s first same-sex marriage ceremony was held tuesday in county tipperary after the new marriage ... 
top story : retweets first same-sex marriage ceremony held i … see more 
first marriage held in 
marriage dreams coming true on the 
voters approved - here is the 1st ceremony . 
rt first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
first same-sex marriage in ireland today ! 
douglas dalby teaching things mum can't . 
lots of things are terrible , but this is not . the first same-sex marriage in ireland : 
first same-sex marriage ceremony in ireland 
[ josh and skinner sit down . ] josh , the language doesn't prohibit same-sex marriage . josh of course it does . 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 
points : angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had … 

nyt now : live updates on the terror attacks investigation 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of d … — via 
charlie hebdo : “ screw them . we have champagne . ” 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of defiance 
live updates on the terror attacks investigation – via 
how do folks feel about charlie hebdo's cover ? is it bold ? insensitive ? both ? i want to say both . 
les inrockuptibles , charlie hebdo and others remain defiant against extremism 
ahh i love the french so much . " they have weapons . screw them , we have champagne ! " 
. on the latest charlie hebdo cover , and the message of defiance in french media after 
cover junkie 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 

7 bryant park embraces its place in the city 
7 bryant park .... the newest office gem built thanks to the revival of bryant park 
two conclusions from this article : i ne … 
two conclusions from this article : i need to visit 7 bryant park … 
7 bryant park embraces its place in the … 
two conclusions from this article : i need to visit 7 bryant park , and i need to read what … 
two conclusions from this article : i need to visit 7 bryant park , and i need to read whatever harry cobb has written 

diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in 
diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in st. -denis 
heroes come in all shapes and sizes . thank you for your bravery , diesel . 
this just destroys me , zero respect for any life . send isis to hell . via nytimesworld 
diesel , police dog , killed in raid on terrorists , which may included female suicide bomber 
rt a police dog named diesel died in st. -denis raid 
rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in https … 

quote of the day 

on campus : stories from new york times readers 
nytimes reports on racial hate crime on campus -- a pocahottie costume . 
racism on campus : stories by new york times readers . people lacking social awareness , empathy , relationship skills . 
yes . racism on campus isn't always blatant 
new york times readers were invited to describe their encounters with discrimination on campus , and tell what ... 
nyt story about " racism " on a campus includes no examples of students being excluded from academic classes/programs 
racism on campus : stories from readers . journalism prof is featured 
" [ faculty and student body are very diverse ... that makes a difference to how minorities feel on campus . " 
shoutout to prof . tom costello . rt : racism on campus : stories from ny times readers 

what will it take to destroy isis ? experts from around the world weigh in . 

belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbeek 
top story : retweets police raid house in troubled brussels … see more 
top police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - the new york t … see more 
police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - new york times 
- police raid house in troubled neighborhood — 
points : belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbe … 

britain calls for closing of coal-fired power plants by 2025 
britain to close coal-fired power plants by 2025 - - 
i agree with to judge climate seriousness , look first at a country's approach to coal , not renewables 
britain is planning on closing all its plants by 2025 . 
britain calls for closing of power plants by 2025 
uk closing coal mines & plants ending coal-tech subsidies 
britain among leaders in trying to reduce global carbon emissions . 
the uk will close all coal-fired power plants by 2025 ! next step : 
change : british government calls for closing of power plants by 2025 
‘‘ we ( britain ) will be one of the first developed countries to deliver on a commitment to take coal off the system . ” 
britain calls for closing of all coal-fired power plants by 2025 
british government calls for closing all power plants in the country by 2025 
this political announcement brought to you by rise of gas & renewables (+stubborn nukes ) 
to close power plants by 2025 
britain to close coal-fired power stations by 2025 ($) 
this is a triumph of technology ( abc/anything but coal ) as much as political will/vision . 
arthur scargill , call your office ! 
britain will say " cheerio " to all coal-fired power plants ... by 2025 

great piece on the resilience of life in cheers from 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
former muse educator & historian of on street life & how it will endure : 
the uncommon resilience of paris street life : 
the streetlife of the blocks where the paris attacks took place is resilient : they were as busy 100yrs ago as today 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
100-yr-old postcards of paris terror sites show same streets & storefronts , treasured because so inviting 
" people still go out b/c going out is something that paris invites us to do . " fantastic piece via 
rt wonderful article by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life 
it is good to know after the paris attacks that life will continue as it has for more than a century in the ... 
paris invites you 2 " explore , take wrong turns , fall in love , protest & have a drink in the same places others have " 
" people still go out because going out is something that paris invites us to do . " vintage snaps of the 10e : 

an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead ( 
chief suspect is an isis militant whose own family wished him dead 
rt the leader of the lived a pretty cushy life . he wasn't poor , uneducated , aggrieved etc … 
rt 1st thing to know about abaaoud , mastermind of his own family want him dead . ht … 
rt the chief suspect in the paris attacks was wanted dead by his own family . 
anyone want to do the honors . 
rt man from who's own family want him dead 
1/2 nyt reporting on paris attacks plotter abdelhamid abaaoud's links with al-battar battalion in syria . 
rt attacker an militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt first thing to know about abdelhamid abaaoud , target of this morning's paris raid : his own family wants him dead . https : … 
social networks , not communities , are often key in radicalizing and empowering those who carry out 
isis terrorist from belgium whose own family wanted him dead maybe stop using sweet images for a psychopath . 
" ... making belgium the biggest suspected source , per capita , of foreign fighters for isis . " 
daesh are petty thieves , rapists , etc . no virgins for them ! suspect isis militant whose own family wished him dead 
sign of the times : fallen . col . 2:21 taste not , touch not , handle not . antichrist : the antichrist will use these ... 
rt isis militant whose own family wanted him dead deeply reported & a great read htt … 

charlie hebdo's latest cover offers a message of defiance 

this is one of ben carson's top advisors : 
for the foreign policy may just be too much for him to handle . 
rt one of ben carson's foreign policy advisers said what ? 
rt the fact that this carson adviser tells the nyt this on the record just blows my mind ... https :/ … 
in which carson's campaign throws one of its senior intelligence advisors under the bus for admitting he's clueless 
rt this is carson's own advisor , on the record . 
ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
rt fascinatingly indirect way of reporting that man running for president and leading in some polls doesn't know shit . https … 
struggling2grasp foreign policy luv the campaign contradicting itself . but do the care ? 
his own paid advisers are selling him out - to america's benefit . 
rt correction : carson aides say he needs weekly foreign policy briefings to " make him smart " ; didn't say he'd had them https : … 
he's struggling to locate new england . here's a hint , doc - it's not in england . which is a whole ' nother ... 
" carson needed weekly conference calls briefing him on foreign policy so ' we can make him smart . '" :( .............. 
ben is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
rt this stunning nyt story about inability to grasp or learn foreign policy should give voters pause … 
how dumb must a presidential candidate be for his top advisor to throw him under the bus -- on the record ? 
love their candor ! carson aides say he needs foreign policy tutoring '' so we can make him smart . '' - 
“ nobodyhas been able to sit down with him and have him get one iota of intelligent information aboutthe middle east ” 
rt lost in the shock at this awful ben carson story : his top foreign policy advisor was indicted in iran/contra … 
with " like these , ... is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
carson aides trying to " make him smart . ” about foreign policy 
whhhhhaaaaaaaa ... !?!?! ben is struggling to grasp policy in general . 
knowing china isn't in syria isn't an " intricacy of the middle east , " but ok : ben carson can't grasp foreign policy 
there's something about the neurosurgeon's brain . foreign policy : " is a database in which he is very unfamiliar . " 
wow , carson's own adviser says they hold weekly conference calls so they can " make him smart " 
rt this was on the record ?!? 
ben , you're just not qualified . ( but , please do vote for him , gop primary voters . ) -ks 
looks like the ben carson experiment is about to end . 
carson advisers discuss foreign policy struggles ... 

isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " 
rt isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " … 

rt this 3-week-old girl is the last known ebola patient in active treatment in the world … 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
“ i know it’s pathetic , but this was one of the things that allowed me to try to keep some hope , ” he said . 
escaping the bataclan with a bloodied drumstick — via 

we’re living longer . that’s great , except for social security . 
. on how can accommodate more americans retiring but living longer lives 
this is an interesting look at what social security is facing , with some solutions that need to be considered . 
here is an interesting look at where we are and what we can do to fix the problem social security is facing . 
we live longer . that's great , except for social security : fix ss by taking more money in & sending less out ( nyt ) 
we’re living longer . that’s great , except for via 
despite the political challenges , fixing social security is rather simple : take more money in , send less money out … 
not sexy , but can't be ignored in any election cycle . 
we're living longer . that's great , except for social security . 
social security tinkering to make it work for our grandkids . 
by the numbers : we’re longer . that’s great , except for 
very clear take on security from via 

the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to residents and commuters 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
top story : retweets paris : updates on the terror attacks - … see more 
points : the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to resid … 

early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening 
psa isn't perfect but we can be smarter about using it , vanderbilt's david penson tells 
rt studies find prostate screening , early detection declines . 220k new cases expected in ' 15 https : … 
how can we lower the cost of medical care ? screen fewer men for prostate cancer , and discover fewer cases . brilliant 
early cases fall along with 
here's exactly why men should be screened for prostate cancer - early detection ! 
. reports : fewer men screened for prostate and fewer early-stage cases detected . 
early cancer cases fall along with 
rt studies find declines in screening and early detection of via - 
studies find declines in screening and early detection of prostate cancer 
dave penson gives great interview in nyt on prostate cancer screening 
rt fewer men get screened for prostate cancer , and fewer cases are being found . is this good or bad ? time will tell . https : … 
early prostate cases fall along with screening 
“ with psa testing , we often detect cancers that don’t need to be treated " prostate advice put in doubt by new study 
less screening & less early detection of prostate cancer : declines could have public health implications ( nyt ) 
why significant , concerning that early stage prostate cancer cases are falling as screening drops ? that's the point 

the band eagles of death metal makes a statement on the paris attacks . read it in full : … 
nuff said ⚡ 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
i love he does a great job rt “ don lemon doesn't get offended ” 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

france unsure if raid killed top suspect in paris attacks . 
france unsure if raid killed top suspect in paris attacks - new york times 
top suspect in paris attacks sought in police raid ; 2 killed and 7 arrested 
woman in explosive vest among 3 killed in police raid ... 
a police raid in a paris suburb killed two , with eight others detained . abdelhamid abaaoud , the man suspected of ... 
top story : police conduct raid near paris in search for planner of attacks ; 5 a … see more 
rt breaking news : french police , seeking the planner of friday’s attacks , arrested 5 people in a raid 
rt breaking news : two people died in a raid near paris , including one who blew herself up , and the police arrested 7 … 
a chilling sms was found on a cellphone at the bataclan : “ on est parti on commence ” ( “ here we go , we’re starting ” ) 
rt top suspect in paris attacks sought in police raid ; 2 killed and 7 arrested 
2 dead in paris raid seeking top suspect ; 7 arrested 
“ they did not dare to go to the police . ” this mindset must change to nullify terrorists . we have to be pro-active . 
ny times : paris mastermind death not confirmed 
however , based on its success against roaches , ants , and spiders , french police said they're pretty sure it worked . 
france ' unsure ' if raid killed suspect ... 
rt 2 dead in raid seeking top suspect ; 7 arrested : via 
rt unsure if killed top in via 
mr. molins said the fighting was so intense — the police fired more than 5,000 rounds of ammunition , and a gun ... 
gun battle in paris was so fierce ( an hour of shooting , 5k rounds of ammo ) that the building is at risk of collapse : 
unsure if killed top suspect in 
france now unsure if raid killed top suspect in paris attacks via 
rt ' if raid suspect ... 
although some sources suggest that he got away ... 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

while american's were distracted , the senate blocked new climate change regulations . 
stand with barack obama as he defends our against yesterday's senate vote to dismantle 
senate votes to block obama’s climate change rules 
senate blocks obama's climate change rules - 
senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
senate blocks obama's rules - 
stand w/ as he defends our against yesterday's senate vote to dismantle 
rt breaking : " hoping to undermine his negotiating authority " , senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
senate votes to bury heads deeper in the sand on reveals depth of allegiance to fossil fuel industry 
shameful and insane --> related : 
rt shameful and insane --> related : 
yesterday , the senate voted to repeal the thankfully , promised to veto and 
yesterday , senate voted to block centerpiece of policy 
rt senate blocks obama’s rules - obama has promised a veto 
rt senate blocks obama’s climate change rules : nyt evil anti-science haters … 
the republican senate blocking solutions to climate change . not surprising , yet still a disgrace . 
rt the senate blocks president obama’s climate change rules . via … 
senate votes to block cc 
thank you senator ayotte of new hampshire 
senate votes to block climate change rules 
there's a rumble in the legislative jungle - the us is working to block 
nyt : senate votes to block clean power plan 
senate votes to block to try to create confusion before vows to veto 
senate votes to block obama’s change regulations , in an effort to undermine his position before 
- votes to block rules , 
senate votes to block obama’s rules 
they are leading the country and world to destruction by legislating profit above all else . remove them from power . 
usa congress : senate led by votes 52-46 to block obama’s rules ; veto pending nyt 

watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terror attacks . 
watch live : obama holds news conference 
nytpolitics : watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terr … 
watching live @ notre dame cathedral in paris , a memorial service 
live now . 
watch live : memorial service at cathedral of notre-dame 
paris under siege -- watch live here 
watch live : attacks in paris - the new york times 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 
an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead - the new york times 
live coverage : paris attacks 
updates on the 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
we should not give the gift of hate via 
nytimesworld : updates on the 
the raid is over , but residents are advised to stay put . see all updates on our live blog : 
eddie 

nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 
nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus via nytimes 
nytimes : nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 

rt if you agree : refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 
international relations stories u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned … see more 
u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats ’ 
" many are fleeing extremism and terrorism – from the very people associated with the paris attacks . " 
it breaks my heart that the even has to make this statement : " refugees should not be scapegoats , " via 
live coverage | un agency says refugees should not be turned into ' scapegoats ' - new york times 
refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats’! unhcr statement says it all : 

your tuesday briefing 
your tuesday briefing - the new york times 
start your day with : " your via 
your briefing 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

: well , looks like in the long-run kong trump has shaken another one off the log , see ya , wouldn't wanna be ya !... 
race 
might be an unpopular view but if we're talking lesser of evils in the gop race , jindal was one . 
not his time , i agree . 
if it's ever bobby jindal's time it will be my time to leave the country 
bobby jindal quits repub presidential race wrecking ball bobby throws in the towel ... and leaves the demolition site 
jindal asked his supporters to move to mike huckabee . that should move mike to double digits ... 17 total supporters ... 
piyush , what took you so long ? quits republican presidential race 
famous last words : " we spent a lot of time developing detailed policy papers . " ( louisiana governor bobby jindal ) 
rt race 
“ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time , ” - drops out via 
now what am i supposed to do with all of these red and green " jindal all the way ! " sweaters ? 
rt days before the vitter-edwards vote , jindal drops out 
rt a bit more , with on the rise and fall of jindal > 
nytimes : jindal drops bid for the republican nomination one more drops out . who's next ? 

our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
rt rt nytimes : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of … 
rt our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
points : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feas … 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate " there is hope 

i love brussels sprouts and these sliders look yummy . 
brussels sprouts sliders 
looking for a side dish or appetizer for the vegetarians at your celebration ? 

what travelers can expect in paris 

blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in rugby 
ny times : blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in 
rugby lost a trailblazer when jonah lomu fell to kidney disease today at 40 . kia ora , mate . 
rt daniellancaste8 : rt kiisplay : nytimes sport : rugby : blending size and speed , jonah lom … 

love brussels sprouts ? we have an idea for you . 

is changing its focus 
nytimes : is changing its focus 

rt two of ben carson's top advisers say he's struggling to grasp foreign policy 
we can't be experts in everything . i can't perform brain surgery , but i wouldn't attempt it . 

pasta with fried lemons and chile flakes 

britain to close its coal-fired power stations by 2025 

at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court 
rt cravefornews at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court … 
rt rt nytimes : at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the … 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 
nytimesarts : rt nytimes : must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . … 

gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 
nytimes : gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 

" french prosecutor says abdelhamid abaaoud , suspect ... " from the new york times ( 
paris prosecutor describes st. -denis raid & gun battle 
top story : retweets paris prosecutor describes st. -denis ra … see more 

witnesses describe raid in st. -denis via 
witness describes raid in st. -denis 
security forces swarm paris suburb via 

rt american politicians should draw a lesson from hollande instead of pandering to fear via nytime … 
. do some research b4 spewing ignorance 
france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says 
now those are some humanitarian balls . france accepting 30k refugees . can we do more than 10k , ? 
still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — compassion is courage ! via 
by not giving in to misguided fear , is standing with france . 
“ the people running from iraq and syria are attacked by the very same people who attacked us . ” 
vive la refuge : french pres hollande says his country will still accept 30,000 syrian refugees in the next 2 years . 
all the american policy makers talking about not accepting syrian refugees - seriously , gfy . 
the moral thing to do . never again . 
france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees [ -- us to continue to look stupid to everyone else ] 
make of this what you will : france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , 
ummmmm ( but good news that france will continue to accept refugees ) 
btw even after attacks , france still accepting 30k refugees . here in the us ... only fear . 
they must be super scary people . 
hollande says france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees 
glad to hear innocent refugees won't be penalized for violence committed by the people they are fleeing from 
france will lead by example and take in the 30,000 syrian refugees it said it would before last friday's attack 
france will keep its promise to take in 30,000 refugees over the next 2 years , president françois hollande says ht … 
france not a ' fraidy cat .. will take in 30,000 syrian refugees as promised . 
france will still accept syrian refugees : 
france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
france - france ! - showing more openness to refugees than u.s. repub governors via 
just shows the compassion , not close minded ! france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees via 
the french are cool ! rt ~ despite attacks … france still plans to accept 30,000 from iraq . 
let governors see this ! 
despite attacks in paris , france still plans to accept 30,000 refugees from syria , iraq . 
u . s politicians . take note : 

racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 
revjjackson : rt nytimes : racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 

what century-old photos from the sites of the paris attacks tell us about france's capital 

rt france is taking action against isil . time for to implement to keep america and our allies safe . ht … 
rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january 
rt the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 
is likely responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria 
thx for your point of view have u seen post and 
at least 24 countries have been the host of attacks by , or inspired by isis . this , i believe , is , and will be ... 
attacks around the world . 
rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 
the tragedy in paris is just one of many isis attacks on innocent civilians . has a timeline worth reading : 
isis responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria- updated for paris attacks ( via 
rt quoted in article on isis and their " trilogy of terror " iraq/syria , their wilayats , & now capable cells … 

rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , according to his advisers 

call to arms in france amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack , official says 
rt false reports of gunfire during vigil highlights the anxiety in paris . more news here : … 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspects 
rt belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack 
raid brussels area in search for terror suspect 
french version of usa patriot act “ … called on monday for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists . " 
the world salutes the french victims but nothing on the russian victims of the plane : double standard ... 
rt next you'll tell me this man isn't really belgian https : … 
rt it is critical that " war " on does not subvert democracy or become a crusade against muslims . … 
paris attacks plotted by belgian who fought for isis , french officials say 
so this sounds like the setup to something like l'acte de patriote 
nyt : president hollande calls for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists at home , 
on-the-run paris suspect salah abdeslam was stopped by the french police on saturday but was let go when his paper … 
hacker news - french president hollande seeks to amend constitution 
hollande seeks new legislation that would create more flexibility for combating 
" our democracy has prevailed over much more formidable opponents than these cowardly assassins , " mr. hollande ,... 
call to arms in amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspect in 
rt president hollande vows revocation of french citizenship for dual nationals convicted of terrorism http … 
abaaoud was already a suspect in a failed jan plot in belgium & aug plot 2 shoot passengers on paris-brussels train 
the mastermind leader of the paris attack was not syrian or middle eastern but belgian ! 
holland calls 4 new powers after paris attacks lets show isis whos boss by giving up our rights 
d'you suppose hollande will call it the " patriot act " , too ? " mr. hollande called for quick action by parliament ... 
rt if we continue to follow us & france foreign policy to absurdity , they should be bombing raqqa , brussels & chartres . ht … 
" france is at war . " -- president hollande . 
" terrorism will not destroy the republic , because it is the republic that will destroy it . " dat juxtaposition doe . 
french government turns up the heat on isis . what are the " exceptional " measures here ? civil liberties in trouble ? 
thoughts ? 
fr pres calls for const amendments that would give the gov flexibility to conduct raids without a warrant 
president hollande , what you are requesting is a slippery slope sir . 
hollande calls for new powers to ‘ eradicate ’ isis after paris attacks 
hollande calls for constitutional amendments to enable fight against terror . 
since when is changing the constitution to enable a police state not giving in to terror ? nyt-call to arms in france 
call to arms in france amid manhunt hollande seeks to amend constitution 
policing in america changed forever after 9/11 . the legislation france seeks for greater surveillance is frightening 
if getting to know incoming refugees was the solution , then it stands to reason that one's refugee family members ... 
police raids in france and belgium seek paris attack suspects 

an early-morning raid north of paris 
an early-morning raid north of paris : the french police conducted a raid in st. -denis aimed at detaining ... 

storm system batters colorado and texas - - 
same storm blocked both co residents in the snow and brought tornadoes to tx tuesday 

obama calls on beijing to stop construction in 
rt obama calls on beijing to stop construction in 
" sure . happy to oblige ....... sike . " 
meanwhile in - 
calls on to stop construction in - 
president obama on wednesday called on china to stop building on contested islands in the south china sea ,... 
nice try , mr. president , but you know perfectly well they're not gonna stop ... 
john cusack calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea 

rt white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & … 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks 
it's really depressing to me that the world is just now waking up to what has been going on in syria for years 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks - new york times 
gop : obama refugee vetting “ doesn’t sound at all robust to me " white house affirms syrian refugee plan 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & humane 
white house affirms refugee plan despite paris attacks 
via nyt > middle east 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

" tous au bistrot ! " “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
love this : a rallying cry in paris : everyone to the bar ! via 
good food , wine , friendships , & laughter remind us once again why we do what we do <3 
for my " drink ! " students . a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
“ it will be an act of peaceful resistance ” 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ - the new york times 
one of the many ways that new yorkers and parisians are kindred spirits 
a very act of defiance . — “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : tous au bistrot ~ everyone to the local bar-restaurant ! 
that's the way to do it . " a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar ! " 
i'll drink to that ! 
parisian restaurant owners are calling for a very french act of defiance . tous au bistrot via 
you know the best way to stay alive ? you keep living . rallying call in paris , via 
let's stand in solidarity with these parisians ! get to the bar ! 
" go to a place where you can have a beer , some peanuts , a plate of sausages , anything " 
" “ everyone to the bar ! ” ... ( ... and have a white russian on me ...! ) 

facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis 
profile frozen , then restored , for user named 
isn’t worth sharing this ? : 
facebook profile frozen , then restored , for user named isis — via 
lol the nyt doesn't know shit about archer 
be careful if you post a bob dylan song , folks 
nytimes : facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis 

rt after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via 
" after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via " = f 
after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via nytopinion 

details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 
details for bataclan attack found on cellphone in paris trash can … — via 
rt : pls flw a … 
the manhunt for the paris attackers - the new york times 
nytimes : details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 

2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
new york times most viewed stories : 2 air france planes are diverted from paris ari pregen 
global islamist terror : two air france flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over phoned bomb threats ... from usa 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over concerns 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over security concerns - new york times 
leia no > 2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over secur … see more 
2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over security concerns 

rt why build aircraft carriers when you can build islands ? 
rt what china has been building in the south china sea 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
nytimes : anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
victim’s husband tells terrorists , ‘ i will not give you the gift of hate ’ 
victim’s husband tells terrorists , ‘ i will not give you the gift of hate ’ via 
victim's husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
husband tells ‘ i will not give you the of 
courage : " you won't have my hate ... i will play on " not scared not mistrustful not sacrificing liberty for security 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
posted " victim’s husband tells terrorists " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
paris attacks : " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
rt it takes the grace of god to let go & let god ... 
a victim's spouse speaks love to hate 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 

thanksgiving guide 
looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative recipes a try ! 
how to make potatoes - nyt cooking 
loading … 
thanksgiving recipes - nyt cooking 
yummy recipes for thanksgiving from the new york times ! 
the thanksgiving recipes are up . i feel stuffed just looking at them ! - nyt cooking 
amazing 
let's see if my meal is edible this year . i try and try and try . 
new york times interactive thanksgiving menu planner 🦃 
getting lost in this thanksgiving meal planner feature . everything looks so good . ( maybe b/c it's dinner time rn ) 
our menu planner will help you craft the best thanksgiving for everyone at your table . 
build your go big or go home , i say : thanksgiving recipes 
how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . 
what are your upcoming thanksgiving plans ? will you be traveling or will travelers be visiting you in long beach ?... 
some people dread the harriedness of holidays . but i love spending hours pouring over magazine spreads of old ... 
you must take a look - it is interactive and so much fun ! ready ... steady ... go and plan that thanksgiving menu ! 
making this day great : the happier podcast and madness 
rt rt academykierland looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creati … 
rt rt azdavidcreed looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative … 
" thanksgiving for all " ->> sept . vogue , on newsstands near you . ( or online : ) 
getting ready for thanks to 
rt how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . https … 
hint . for all those who have invited me for t-day , please check out the menu & recipes . look forward to sharing ... 
how to make turkey + all the fixings ! ht 

rt photos : an early-morning raid north of paris 

ted cruz challenges president obama to debate on syrian refugees 
yes yes . please please . this makes me giddy . " ted cruz challenges president obama to debate on syrian refugees " 
tells “ come back and insult me to my face ” , then challenges him to a debate on refugees 
check out this link : ? 
don't waste your time w/ he is weak . even with his teleprompter he couldn't keep up . 
talks tough when he's out of the country , but ol ' mom jeans won't go toe-to-toe with 
" cruz challenges o to refugee debate ... ' insult me to my face ' ... " via he won't debate you ted you no 
cruz challenges president obama to debate on syrian refugees would chew you up & spit you out 
rt ted cruz is just the man to mop the floors with obama ! ted cruz challenge president obama to debate v … 
ted cruz is just the man to mop the floors with obama ! ted cruz challenge president obama to debate via 
ted cruz challenges petty bully crybaby obama to serious debate on syrian " refugees " .. 
i'd pay real money to watch this ! 
nice ! ted cruz challenges president obama to debate on via 
obama will avoid as much as telling the truth as ted cruz challenges obama to debate on syrian refugees 
ted challenges president to debate on syrian 
challenges narcissist loser to debate on 

rt indiana gov's ban on syrian refugees forces aid groups to scramble to find family a home https :/ … 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 
yes ! opening doors and hearts when hateful governors don't . thank you , new haven ! 
not 100k , not 10k , just 3 . husband , wife , 4 yr old son . probably be pats fans instead of colts fans now . 
the family was waiting in jordan for 3 years , finally granted permission to enter us , and indiana guv says no 
glad we live in the nuteg state . compassionate , decent nutmegs ! syrian family to connecticut as indiana bars refugees 
what gov decision about refugees meant for one family . 
bravo 2 integrated refugee&immigrant services : family in connecticut after indiana bars syrian refugees 
indiana state govt told refugee resettlement agency that syrians suspended , syrian family diverted to ct at last min 
bars syrian family w 4-year old , aping gop theme of hate , fear , 
bellwether puts local face on national issues . today , refugee issue cuts close as in gov pence bars syrians 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars refugees 
this has been a horrible year for we will stop spending our money in indiana ( again ) after this 
governors can find ways to influence where refugees settle after all ( h/t 
“ the last thing a refugee agency wants to do is give in to this un-american , political and knee-jerk reaction . ” 
i miss my home state ... it's really beautiful sometimes . 
proud today to live in new haven , ct , home of and , soon , the newest immigrants to the us . 
indiana finds more ways to make headlines | detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 
rt 11th-hour detour puts family of 3 , including a 4-year-old , in connecticut as bars refugees … 
syrian refugee family headed for indiana now had to change plans : 
about that the yuge refuge flood trump and others keep talking about : " 187 syrians arrived in the month of october " 
indiana asked private refugee agency to redirect syrian refugees family , and agency then found them a new home 
more uncomfortable press for our state thanks to tone deaf governor . come on november 2016 !!! 
i literally just read this or i would have asked him myself if it comes up , can you try for comment ? 
only thing we have to fear is fear itself : 11th-hour detour puts family in conn . as indiana bars syrian refugees 
despite cuomo's adament comments to the contrary , governors clearly do have some authority over refugee placement 
after waiting 3 years for approval to enter u.s. , syrian refugee family diverted to ct when indiana gov says no 

rt isis shares an image of the explosive it says brought down a russian jet 

end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
add yahoo sports to the list of daily fantasy sites involved in the new york attorney general's investigation .... 
yes , eric schneiderman is after yahoo too ... 
attorney general seeks to stop fanduel and draftkings 
ny state attorney general is expanding his investigation into daily fantasy sports sites 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company ( ny times ) . 
top story : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added t … see more 
avoid bloomberg businessweek if you crave accuracy . yahoo info here : 
marissa mayer must think illegal gambling and socially irresponsible activities like this are okay if they make $$ . 
end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to … 
end sought to fanduel and draftkings in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
looks like yahoo might be swept up in the fight between new york and daily fantasy sports sites fanduel/draftkings 
yahoo now under scrutiny by ny attorney general over its daily fantasy sports games . $yhoo http:// 
end sought to sites in is said to be added to inquiry 
if they go after yahoo next , where is my team going to finish last next year ??? 
yahoo is said to be added to inquiry on fantasy sites in new york 
end sought to fantasy football sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry > 
first & ... now !! 
yahoo added to new york inquiry into daily fantasy sports sites 
yahoo , yahoo ! has you in his crosshairs . 
top story today : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be a … see more 
rt source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company … 

rt so to be clear : none of the 5 paris attackers identified so far is syrian . 
for the of by btw , none of them was 
finding links between the paris attackers as the manhunt continues 
rt every person implicated so far in the paris attacks has been a french or belgian citizen . none is a syrian migrant . https :/ … 
just a reminder : no refugees have been implicated in the paris attacks so far 
rt known nationalities of paris attackers french 5 0 https : … 
apparently , suicide vests are awful at killing people . guns , alas , are great at it ... 
rt so far none of the terrorists involved in the paris attack has been identified as syrian . the syrian passport ... https :/ … 
what we know about the paris attackers see more 
links between the paris attackers as the dragnet continues 

the paris attackers : who were they ? 
paris attackers : who were they ? and why do we care abt ppl with shitloads of q's in their shitty names ? 
why would they do this ? painful 2 watch , important 2 know . the attackers the victims : 
who were the attackers in paris ? video . 
rt a snapshot of seven men suspected in the paris attacks . who were they ? by 
who are the paris attackers ? very informative video piece by my colleague 
prevention of radicalism ; possible only through cooperation w/ muslim immigrants paris attackers : who were they ? 

a doctor explains why he provides abortions in the south 

the rise of the fake instagram account 
dell the rise of the fake insta ... 
danby the rise of the fake instagram ... 
on fake instagram , a chance to be real 
rt weary of staging their lives for social media , young people are presenting their true … … 
hero4 the rise of the fake instagra ... 
it's the first time i've heard of and it makes a lot of sense . 
i'm curious about the apparent rise of private , avatar-like instagram profiles to communicate only with your most in … 
are these from your insta acct or finsta acct ? 
comment " you know whats next ? physical photo albums that people look through and can only show someone in person " - 
found this interesting article … seem like a less constructive version of to me 
good description of a lot of accounts these days : " a never-ending junior varsity ' vanity fair ' shoot " 
instagram or finstagram ? via 
on fake a chance to be real 
for a certain generation , instagram has become a calling card , a life résumé of sorts : “ this is my life . jealous ? ” 
" finstagrams , " fake instagram accounts to show real life : via 
" but life isn’t all rooftop parties and 45-degree-angle selfies . " finstagram : fake instagram , a chance to be real 
on how young people are creating privacy for themselves online : 
rt why the advent of ' fake instagram' ? because life has become " a never-ending junior varsity ' vanity fair ' shoot . " … 
breaking : the times is on locked social media accounts . 
i freaking love instagram , but no way would i have stayed sane if i'd had it as a teen . i don't envy ' em now : 
fake instagram accounts give a chance to be real 
rt it's only on fake instagram that you have a chance to be real : 
honestly , who can keep up anymore ? 
fake instagram ( or finstagram ) is yet another example of how we manage privacy is a world that loves visibility 

french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking the public not to publicize the locations 
don't publicize police action on social media , say french police , it impedes operations 
french police ask people not to share locations of nationwide checkpoints they set up : 
🇺🇸 french police set up checkpoints all over france , but asking the public not to publicize the locations ( ny times ) 

when turns itself off 
' pop culture is how we dream collectively , ' we shouldn't be surprised when extremists attack it via 
after bloodshed , tv can be cathartic , or insensitive 
when tv turns itself off 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " … 
rt new : on tragedy , terrorism dramas and why pulp entertainment is not just appropriate but necessary . 
james on why the tendency of tv nets to pull episodes that echo terrorist attacks isn't necessarily good 
should tv networks cancel , postpone or rearrange their schedules in response to terrorist attacks ? 
when terrorists strike , television networks respond , sometimes sensitively and other times perhaps unnecessarily . 
rt great point by 
when broadcast tv self censors … " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares — communal , cathartic ... " 
should tv networks pull sensitive shows after a tragedy ? : “ we should not be surprised that extremists excoriate p … 

congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 
congressional democrats cautiously defend refugee program 
“ we can both welcome desperate , vulnerable families+ensure our own security ” via 

france-england game is a friendly in every sense of the word 
in light of the tragedy in paris , everyone came together during the france/england game 
op-ed : < /span > explaining terror to children 
last night's france vs . england redefined the meaning of a football ( soccer ) ' friendly ' 
followers that love soccer , this is worth time about the france-england friendly and what it means : 
“ la marseillaise ” during the friendly was uplifting to hear beyond any measure 
game is a in every sense of the word 
this france-england friendly game meant nothing , but nothing felt like everything . 
sometimes a friendly is just that . on england-france , which meant nothing but felt like everything . 
" the players had a duty to show the unstoppable tumble that is being alive . " 
friendly steeped in fraternity . all wembley sings “ la marseillaise ” at france-england match . sniff , 
this // normally , the visiting team’s anthem would be played first ; on this night , “ la marseillaise ” was played last 
france-england game was a friendly in every sense of the word 
lovely match report on a " friendly " between france and england 
lovely , lovely match report on france-england " friendly " 
france receives a friendly embrace in england 
thankful for capacity of sport to connect diverse communities & cultures , to unite , & to inspire resilience & hope 

iceland has more books published and read per person than anywhere else in the world 

my short post on fb's french flag debacle , and how the lebanese flag made it to profile pics without facebook's help 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — vía nytimesworld 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality via 
facebook french flag profile picture change erupts inequality discussion via 
damned if you do , damned if you don't! complaints of inequality for french flag filter . via 
thats why i did not change my profile picture as french flag 
as tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
top story : retweets as social media tributes pop up , so do … see more 
top as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality - th … see more 
social media tributes-complaints of inequality - helping all cries have the option to be heard — via 
why did blatantly ignore and do nothing when warned . 

rt did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? fact-checks him . … 
" he was less clairvoyant than he suggests . " 
did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? nytpolitics fact-checks him . … 

storm system batters colorado and texas 

rt a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package … 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night , nothing felt like everything . 

rt french return to cafes in a show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” … 
rt rt french return to cafes show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” https … 

" the single best thing travelers can do to help is to stay in paris and to keep coming to the country . " 
what travelers can expect in 
how can tourists help ? : " stay in and to keep coming to the country " via 
in the aftermath of the attacks in the new york times has compiled useful information about what to ... 
“ the french need support now more than ever & want to return to normal life . ... not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
message to tourists : “ the french need support now more than ever , & leaving or not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
what can expect in 
here is a rundown on how hotels , airlines and cultural sites are accommodating travelers to paris 
also i wish i could give blood , but as a cancer survivor i believe i'm not allowed .... 
the best thing can do to help is to keep visiting paris and not be scared away . 
here is some helpful advice from the for anyone travelling to 
great article 

ireland holds its first same-sex marriage ceremony 

rt isis was born out of america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army http … 
rt rise of many strands of blame 
> examines " strands of blame " in isis rise -- leaving out invasion of iraq & us support for syrian rebellion 
rt was born in america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army . https : … 
in rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame 
rt excellent overview by of isis and how it's evolved since 2010 , when the us considered it a minor threat … 
nyt piece cites earlier coverage pushing dubious conspiracy theory 
my tweeted times top : in rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of … see more 
rt isis was born out of america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army … 
rt 2008 , iraq . an obscure flag in a tiny village . the roots of isis , an nyt special feature : https :/ … 
rt george w . bush's iraq invasion created isis , ignored it . excellent analysis by via … 
how a once-declawed group surged back as isis , bolstered by severe cruelty and land gains 
general on a report on the power of isis " frankly , at the white house , it didn’t meet the narrative . ” 
confused by the islamic state/isis/isil/daesh ? this tutorial can help you get smart fast . 
[ yup ] mt was born in america's camp bucca prison in iraq 

rt marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
y esto es lo peligroso " le pen’s anti-islam speech gains influence in france " 
de lo peor ... marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 

the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! the art ! 
so miss my i went to for the first time in years this summer and had a blast ! 
top story : coney island : the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! the art ! see more 
can't vouch for news stories , but i found an article on art about coney island which was pretty neat : 
why coney island remains " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years . coney island : the hot dogs ! the art ! 
coney island fanatics can go see this show at the brooklyn museum starting friday 
“ it’s an interesting kind of crazy . ” : 
an exhibition at tracks coney island through its stylish rise , slow decline and eventual revival . 
excited for this coney island exhibit seems to have some really quirky but interesting art : 
dreams of the bygone 
in 1950's when i was a teen steeplechase was the " world " . till scumbag fred trump ruined it . read : 
inspired by coney island at 
coney island : the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! art ! wanna see this show " visions of an american dreamland " 

an 11th-hour detour puts a family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 

rt a woman in was killed when she detonated an explosive vest during a raid , french officials said . … 
a woman hiding out in an apartment in st. -denis was killed when she detonated an explosive vest 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - new york times 
top story : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special fo … see more 
top story : retweets woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by spe … see more 
woman killed in raid after detonating explosive vest - diesel , a 7-yr-old police dog , also killed 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces — via nytimesworld@ 
woman detonates suicide vest in st-denis raid in paris via 
top woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
paris : updates on the terror attacks : paris : updates on the terror attacks ! 
rt woman killed in raid in paris ; three men captured by special forces . live updates : 
woman killed in raid . 5 suspects arrested . 
the raid in st. -denis brought major disruption to residents and commuters 
woman killed in raid via 

telegram messaging app closes public channels used by isis militants 
telegram messaging app closes channels used by isis — via 

rt facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant frm belgium whose family wanted him dead 

what's happening to obamacare premiums 

closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ via 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? : vote . via 
" there are no women in denton’s vision of an ideal " woof . 
editor-in-chief : the ideal gawker story should expose meaningful hypocrisy 
is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? | fishbowldc 
is changing its focus 
gawker to rebrand as political news site : internet gossip pioneer is moving in a new edi ... 
editor-in-chief explains the sites ' politics via 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ 
newstream© : wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or a head-scratcher ? 
will morph into a site focused on politics , its founder and top editor said . 
my favorite website is 
nytimes : is changing its focus 
the anti-politico to focus on political news and away from gossip 
politics : gawker is said to retool as politics site : a site that pioneered the knowing ,... 
is diversity a blind spot for a very interesting read - what's your take ? 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a site that pioneered the … 
drops weird news , four employees 
gawker is said to retool as politics site - a site that pioneered the knowing , irrever ... 
cuts staff as site focuses on politics 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on < b > politics < /b > a la ' daily show ' 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ' daily show ' : gawker . c ... 
rt in may 2015 , alleged o’reilly was accused of physically assaulting his ex-wife maureen m … 
breaking : will have massive lay offs . 

you probably have a to-go pasta dish . next time , try this one instead . 
nytimes : you probably have a to-go pasta dish . next time , try this one instead . 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
" let’s go see what god created . " 
" family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it was murder " 
intersting read that offers alternative but still negative narrative on police-civillian interactions in idaho town 
some of tight-knit dynamics ; interesting piece from on " anger , doubt " after fatal encounter 
annals of idaho : white conservatives also don't like it when their loved ones are shot and killed by the police 
anger and doubt rise after man’s encounter with 
good boy ; dindu nuffin . 
police are shooting good ol ' boys now . wonder if that will change any attitudes ? 
anger and doubt rise after idaho ranch owner's fatal encounter with deputies 
idaho deputies fatally shot a local man and his small western town seeks his justice 
family of man by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man's fatal encounter with deputies - new york times 

you're welcome . coffee is good for you via 
some good news to consider as you sip that cup of coffee . it may lower your risk of death . 
" some good news to consider as you sip that cup of coffee .... " from the new york times ( 
tied to lower risk of dying prematurely 
coffee tied to lower risk of dying 
rt large 30yr study of 200k people shows tremendous health & longevity benefit to drinking … 
my justification for drinking coffee ... it's tied to lower risk of dying prematurely 
i don't drink coffee , but this is great news from nicholas bakalar at 
" good news to consider as you sip that cup of coffee . it may lower your risk of death . " 3-5 cups please ! 
for coffee afacionados this is good news . give me another cappuccino please . 
the rigorous , irrefutable science news du jour says taking up coffee at age 12 was a good call . 

eagles of death metal make first statement on paris attacks 
story eagles of death metal make first state … see more 
the band , which was headlining at the bataclan on friday when gunmen stormed the venue , said on f ... via 

diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to the dismay of some 
a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid - the new york times 
a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid — via 
rt more about diesel , the french police dog killed during a counterterrorism raid outside of paris 
rt a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid — 
rest in peace , diesel , hero french dog of st. denis . 
isaranjuez : rt nytimes : diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to … 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
" a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins " sooo 

blatter and platini lose fifa appeals and remain suspended 
fifa rejects sepp blatter's appeal . maybe he didn't offer enough . you'd think he'd know the going scale for bribes . 
soccer , international federation of association football ( fifa ) , blatter , sepp , platini , michel via nyt 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck , and why via 
nytimes : where isis claims it has struck , and why 

rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 

the eiffel tower is closed again 
eiffel tower is closed once again - new york times 
it has been confirmed that the eiffel tower is closed due to a bomb threat 
eiffel tower is closed once again — via nytimesworld 
updates on paris . 
" responding to hatred with anger would be to fall to the same ignorance that made you the people you are . " a . leiris 

rt rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 
“ rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease ” sad day . such a great player 

manhattan psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client - - 
scamming vulnerable people can be a huge business . psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client . 
psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client is the business ethical ? 
it's amazing how stupid people are . psychics are con artists . 
manhattan psychic admits taking over $550000 from lovelorn client - new york times 
you just can't make this shit up . $ 550,000 for psychic to raise the dead 
love is wasted on the young , money on the rich . 
how stupid can people be ? $us550 , ooo ! 

" morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . " 

rt what's the deadliest terrorist group in the world ? not isis , but 
boko haram ranked ahead of isis for deadliest terror group 
boko haram pledged allegiance , rebranded as islamic state west africa province — strange to frame it as a competition . 
boko haram was responsible for more deaths than any other terrorist group in the world , 
rt boko haram : still deadlier than isis , still nobody gives a shit 
ranked ahead of for deadliest terror group 
boko haram -- more deadly than isis , with 6,664 deaths last year , report says : 
retweeted nicholas kristof ( what's the deadliest terrorist group in the world ? not isis , but boko ... 
isis isn't the only terrorist organization that requires america's attention . boko haram is still murdering : 
" who killed more " seems callous , but imp to remember from boko haram more deadly than isis 
boko haram ranked ahead of isis for world’s deadliest terrorist group 
a new report tracking terrorist attacks around the world said the nigerian militant group was responsible for nearly 600 more deaths last year than the islamic state . 

how amazon’s long game yielded a retail juggernaut - 
how amazon's long game yielded a retail juggernaut - 
people said similar things about sears in 1980 . what upstart of today will disrupt amazon in 20 years ? 
step 1 : step 2 : 
now that amazon has hit this point , it’s difficult to see how any other retailer could catch up 
conservative estimates show that by 2020 50% of us households will have joined amazon prime . holy bezos empire-opoly 
one analyst predicts that in five years , 50% of american households will have joined amazon prime . 
amazon's rise : a.w.s and " inflection point " of retail as its distribution infrastructure reaches a critical mass . 
prime time : estimate says by 2020 at least 50% of us households will have joined 
amazon rules ! 
amazon’s long game yielded a retail juggernaut - the new york times true 4 me changed my day-2-day buy habits 
does bet on growth finally pay off ? long game yielded a retail juggernaut 
asked if there was any potential threat to dominance , analysts literally laughed 
amazon's patience - 
an in-depth analysis on why is so far ahead via 
amazon invested in infrastructure instead of focussing on quarterly profits - and now that investment is paying off 
long-term strategic orientation - did it help or hinder amazon ? 
" prime alters the psychology of shopping " & other reasons dominates retail : via 
rt kudos to sly for linking to 1 of his old stories as example of an " overblown " fear . https : … 
jeff bezos bucked the trend of seeking shor t-t erm results to create an addictive shopping experience few can match … 
rt amazon has overcome doubts about whether scale would mean profit , and prime is the key , writes 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
your date/model . let's go somewhere exotic & try new things . book ... 
very useful timeline from nytimes . 
top story : retweets where isis claims it has struck , and wh … see more 
where claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck since october 3 , and why 
russell goldman and karen yourish teaching things mum can't . 

rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 

finding the links among the paris attackers 

“ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race 
nytimes : “ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race … 

in many markets , renewal is not an option via 
this map by shows why switching obamacare plans makes financial sense , even if it's a pain : 
in many obamacare markets , renewal is not an option - - 
. how do we ' shop around ' ( as you proposed ) , when shopping around is not an option ? 
nytimes-getting a plan from c o-o p running at a loss is a " bargain " -in many obamacare markets , renewal not an option 
how are changing where you live ? latest analysis from and 
interactive map in this story shows where obamacare rates went up , where they went down , and by how much : 
in many markets , renewal is not an option as companies struggle to comply & still make money 
change of plan : in many obamacare markets , renewal … 
awesome work from and on renewals . interactive map shows benefit of shopping for better deal 

aung san suu kyi has moved toward dominance in myanmar . her words have become provocative . 

( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 
thnks 2 4 thanksgiving desserts from me & 
now i know what to do with my chestnut flour and bag of cranberries . thanks 
bless for chocolate chestnut cake & cranberry curd tart recipes via & 
a couple ideas for gluten-free desserts fro upcoming holiday . 
( if not guilt-free ) desserts 
( and maybe not guilt-free ! ) thanksgiving desserts : via 
nut flours are key to indulgent , gluten-free desserts 
rt ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 
¿cuál es tu restaurante favorito sin gluten ? : gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiv ... 
gluten-free ( if not guild-free ) thanksgiving via 
city kitchen : ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving wheat-free chocolate … 

message gains influence in 
wonder how that'll play out in france w/ marine le pen's message gaining traction & upcoming election 
who didn't see this coming ? exactly what those thugs wanted : le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
marine le pen's anti-islam message gains influence in france - 
terrifying : marine le pen's gaining more of an audience post- 
history repeating itself ? 
you think she stopped by the elysee palace to measure for curtains ? le pen v hollande in 2017 ?... 
marine le pen’s anti-islam message in france don't get caught up in the political selfserving propaganda . 
... and this is an understatement , i'm sure 
no , the national front party : 
" this repeated connection — immigration equals islamism & terrorism — is playing powerfully in the minds of voters . " 

the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 

is changing its focus 

rt a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package … 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - the new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - new york times 
it seems to have been a harmless package & some sort of threat 
web dsign 
seo website builder soccer stadiu ... 
police have found an ambulance packed with explosives outside soccer match in 
this is getting way too close . i work in this city and spend most of my days there . it's crazy .... 

rt a rallying cry in paris : " everyone to the bar ! " 

rt the united nations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
dear friend of dear friends of mine . full of ' joie de vivre ! " , love , life & sunshine . no words suffice .. rip pierro 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins — via 
lovers of live music , travelers to & co-runners of the family italian joint ; the 2 cousins at 

" they might have guns , but we have flowers " 
how do we talk to our kids about paris ? via 
one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers 
look for the helpers , appreciate the flowers , and don’t let fear stop you . ❤ ️ 
this is a great article for us parents trying to find the right words when talking to our kids in times of tragedy . 
rt one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers 
in the wake of tragedy : " don’t let fear stop you from being the person you want to be when the worst happens " 
rt i wasn't going to write " talking paris with kids " until i saw how beautifully this dad handled it : … 
one parent , on they might have guns , but we have flowers 
what can we tell our kids in difficult times ? “ look for the flowers . ” 
rt some of us help . some bring flowers . some can't help but bring their fear . talking paris w/ kids 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
i love he does a great job rt “ don lemon doesn't get offended ” 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating isis , kerry says 
cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - - 
cease-fire and a political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , john kerry says . 
cease-fire and a political transition in crucial to defeating says . 
visiting france , kerry vows ' greater pressure ' on isis 
cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating says 
visiting france , kerry vows ‘ greater pressure ’ on isis 
sec . kerry states there will be more pressure on isis , from the world community 
. urges ceasefire - cease-fire & political transition in crucial to defeating kerry says 
yes , but what of pol future of irq ? " kerry : ceasefire & political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis " 
kerry says a cease-fire & political transition in syria crucial to defeat isis 
and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - new york times 
when love to come . cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating is ... 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
if you were wondering about lsu grad he sees himself more as a malcolm not martin 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

france unsure if raid killed top suspect ... 
france unsure if raid killed top suspect in paris attacks 
rt france unsure if raid killed top suspect ... 
rt links(pt 2 ): isis attacks : -paris timeline : -paris suspects : -beirut : htt … 
rt if raid top suspect ... 
nytimes : unsure if raid killed top suspect in paris attacks 

reupping this from yesterday : how 2016 may mirror 2004 on national security 
after paris , who passes the ‘ commander in chief test’ ? 
leaving the democratic party after this election . fed up . 
social event stops : after area , who passes the ' physical object in chief problem solving' ? 
we may not want to politicize tragedies , but tragedies have political outcomes all the same . 

" this new nyc building " makes the case for why architecture matters " " 

germany-netherlands match canceled over security concerns 
germany-netherlands soccer match canceled over security concerns 
germany cancels soccer match with netherlands . 
ah nevermind , seems like it was just a " suspicious object " twitter messing with us . 
germany-netherlands match canceled , evidence of plans to detonate an explosive device in the stadium : 
germany cancels match with the netherlands over security concerns - - 
police chief says there was serious threat to city and stadium , including plan for explosion . 

fact checks of the 2016 election 
one fact-checker to rule them all : today launches the first column as our in-house " doubting thomas . " 
caught in a ( gasp ) fib . he should never become a tv psychic 
love nyt fact checking what the candiates saying for the next us pres election . 

rt women worshiped the setting sun while celebrating a hindu festival in mumbai . more photos https :/ … 
a migrant boy with a thermal blanket on the shore of the greek island of lesbos 
rt beautiful ender in today's pictures of the day slideshow 
photos of the day 
top story : pictures of the day : france and elsewhere - people gazed at bullet h … see more 

something happened in network tv that's almost unheard-of these days : a show got canceled . 

- aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of dignified defiance , sounds a provocative note 
new york times - usa - a defiant voice sounds a bolder note in myanmar - 
does respect for law include fidelity to a military-imposed constitution ? 
a symbol of dignified sounds provocative 
why tell us what she was wearing on her first day in parliament ?? 
aung san suu kyi , on the cusp of power , is sounding imperious . what kind of leader is she ? 
interesting insights to the leadership style of by 
aung san suu kyi wins " so far the military has been gracious in defeat , which stuns many burmese 
aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of sounds a provocative note 
burma's democracy icon , on the cusp of power , sounds provocative . how she will govern ? 
so happy to read the words of in again . his smart take on aung san suu kyi's rise in myanmar : 
aung san suu kyi , " the future is hers to shape . " by via 
a symbol of defiance , aung san suu kyi’s victory sets democracy example to asian neighbours 
rt seth mydans , long-time southeast asia hand , returns to the pages of the nyt for a profile of aung san suu kyi . https … 
rt after landslide election win , imperious style of burma's democracy hero raises questions about how she will govern . https :/ … 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
belgian suspect in paris had been target of strikes on isis in syria 
heavy gunfire , suicide , as french police raid paris terror suspects ' way station / nytimes 
2 dead , 7 arrested in a raid this morning in a paris neighborhood . officials were targeting the mastermind behind ... 
heavy gunfire erupts as seek in raid 
second suspect in paris attacks sought . 
gunfire erupts as police seek suspects in raid 
paris attacks suspect was target of strikes on isis in syria 
second suspect is sought in paris attacks 

sheds reputation as an easy mark for - 
microsoft , once infested with security flaws , does an about-face ( 
microsoft sheds reputation as an easy target for hackers > 
ms stepping up 
i know from conversations that msr's static analysis folks have made major contributions here : research ! 
once infested with flaws , does an about-face 
microsoft getting props for security swagger 
rt once infested with security flaws , does an about-face : rt if only it'd stop connecting 
once infested with security flaws , does an about-face : rt if only it'd stop connecting to cloud . 
rt how microsoft's focus on security has moved it " from worst in class to the best in class " 
microsoft's new push to security - focus on detection and response - brand new cyber security defense operations cen … 
once infested with security flaws , is ... a little better . 
security threats continue to be in the top of everyone's minds . as it should be . 
good news for microsoft ... 
microsoft goes from worst to first in security <- includes talk about the need to eliminate passwords - 
microsoft was once the epitome of everything wrong with security in technology . its products were so infested with v … 
no longer an easy mark for hackers 
microsoft is a very different company than 20 or even 10 years ago . 
microsoft cio's " goal inside the company is to get rid of passwords " 

paul ryan calls for halt to syrian refugee program 
republicans call for halt to syrian refugee program 
rt house speaker paul ryan calls 4 halting syrian refugee program . it's now officially on the republican platform … 
to reject refugees is as bad as 1930s when us rejected jews fleeing saying they were communist spies 
republicans call for halt to human program - new york times 
also tuesday , two senators announced a push for a formal authorization of military force agains .. 
us house pressures obama to kill refugee plan 
“ our nation has always been welcoming , but we cannot allow terrorists to take advantage of our compassion . " 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 
live coverage | angela merkel says soccer match cancellation ' had to happen ' - new york times 

rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 

u.s. offers $5 million reward for senior isis figure 
rt u.s. offers $5 million reward for senior isis figure 

" it would not be hard for an experienced bomb maker to build . " on that soda-can bomb photo : 
bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo 
[ bomb experts analyze the soda-can bomb photo [ 
rt bomb experts dissect that isis bomb picture . 
how scary is this . something the size of soda can could possibly blow up a plane . 

your wednesday briefing 

is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
rt is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
terrorist attack in nigerian marketplace claims 32 innocent lives - boko haram is suspected , read more here : 
former natsec adviser for nigeria accused of stealing $2 billion that was supposed to be for fighting boko haram 
rt rt hey are you going to declare war on boko haram too ? 
is suspected after explosion in kills 32 
last tues , an explosion in a nigerian city killed 32 people . 
boko haram , gop governors suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
boko haram suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
shared a link 
another attack . evidence for thesis that displaced rebels/terrorists likelier to target civilians 
sigh . 

sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 
nytimes : sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 

networks take longer to drop shows 
networks taking longer to drop shows - last friday , something happened in network television that’s almost unhe ... 
latest twist on tv ? new shows rarely get cancelled . explains why 
rt notes on why there's only been one cancelation in network tv this season 
i forgot jeremy sisto was on wicked city . i forgot it starred anyone but chuck bass . 
" it speaks to a gripping anxiety that has spread throughout an industry where hits are in short supply " 
" last friday , something happened in network television that’s almost unheard-of these days . " great story 
tv networks are pausing before hitting ‘ cancel ’ : in an industry where hits are in short supply , exec ... 
dtn financial news : tv networks are pausing before hitting ‘ cancel ’ : in an industry where hits are in short su ... 
even the gray lady is oblivious . 
the content gold rush is drying up the talent pool . 
news ::::::::::: with tv viewing changing , networks take longer to drop sh ... ♥ buyfb 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . " 

what china has been building in the south china sea 
reef to island in less than a year : china has been building in south china sea . 
concerning destruction of reefs for island expansion in the south china sea ... 
one way to destroy a coral reef in the progress name by china 
china is converting entire reefs to islands in just one year . yet , we can't finish velachery-taramani link road 
what has been building in the south china sea : via 
very interesting time lapse of what china is building in the south china sea & why it's bad for us/china relations : 
rt the united states sent a ship into disputed south china sea waters . more context on why : … 
" all is fair in love and war " -- john lyly . unfortunately china forgot that reefs are actual living breathing ... 
rt amazing graphics on this nyt story about the chinese efforts to claim the spratly islands : 

" justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections " 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind protections via retire already 
justice questions logic behind gay rights protections . he's doing more than 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind rights protections - 
scalia does it for the lulz , apparently . 
officials at report std levels rising to alarming levels via 
scalia's a moron with idiotic comparison . justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections 
justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
so glad that in this time of hating muslims , scalia has found time to hate gay people too 
ignoring the history of civil rights , scalia equates laws protecting my marriage to laws protecting child molesters . 
well , this makes me so angry , i want to vomit : 
scalia's just being a troll here . because he hates to lose . and we're winning . via 
antonin scalia : supreme court justice questions constitutionality of gay rights protection scalia made his ... 
have you seen this ? i predict regressive left hashtag slacktivists asking for scalia to step down 
once again , it's the difference between the letter and the spirit of the thing . c'mon , scalia -- smell the coffee ! 
this dude is a turd . 
question - must remove poor treatment of gays from islam ? what about from christians here ? 
are you really going to compare it to pedophiles ? justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights via 
please file under “ headlines i wish i could unsee ” - 
realizing that people like these have doctorate degrees from harvard & yale proves education means nothing 
child abusers and pederasts hurt people . way to make analogies that don't work , scalia . via 
" ... mmmmm don't look at me , but , as i've said , it's unnatural ... and ... perverted also . " 
it's never nice to wish for someone's death , but it'll be so sweet when this fucker finally croaks 
so scalia can't distinguish between groups like black , gays or women and groups like child abusers and pederasts 
it's 2015 . stop comparing lgbt people to criminals & pedophiles . even for scalia this hate is beyond the pale . 
antonin scalia questions protections afforded to people ; says same logic could apply to child molesters . 
u.s. supreme ct justice scalia compares protecting people to protecting child molesters 
this language from scalia is irresponsible and hateful . i get you having a moral issue but supporting hate ... 
justice scalia reveals again that be doesn't seem to understand much of anything by comparing gays to child ... 
breaking : justice scalia is skeptical of carolene products footnote 4 . 
rt god bless justice scalia for presenting his anti-gay views in the most unattractive and unconvincing way possible . https :/ … 
uncharacteristic representation on nyt's part . scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
justice scalia is a sad , reprehensible , impotent man ; likens lgbtq+ protections to child molesters . via 
in news from the late 1700s : scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections :: via 
i used to think scalia had a great legal mind that i disagreed with . but really , he's just a smug asshole . 
rt justice scalia is not only an asshole , but one totally unaware of the world he lives in - 
rt fuck you - comparing legal protections of people to … 

paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syrian refugees into the u.s. 

on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
12 . blog entry : bernie sanders , 2003-2011 american iraq war , conflict inappropriateness : sanders takes cue from dean 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " by patrick healy via nyt 
on invading sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
smart piece contrasting sanders and dean on invading iraq and ousting hussein . 
on invading learns from howard dean's mistakes 
on invading iraq , bernie answers katie couric with vivid context & clear common sense . true foreign policy prowess ! 
first draft : on invading bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
first draft : on invading iraq , bernie sanders … 
just say no : on invading takes a cue from 2016 

" reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek 9th suspect " 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect - new york times -- = 
rt reports of gunfire in suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect — via 

don lemon doesn’t get offended 
rt don lemon said this . i'm just going to leave this here . 
interviewer " how does someone get to be as self-accepting as you ? " , don lemon " what's the alternative ? " 
" if you don’t make room for the possibility that you can be intolerant then there is a good chance that you are . " 
" i am setting out to inform people " : don lemon tries to explain away his awful and offensive reporting : 
don lemon : " i would like to have a judgment-free-zone place where we can go -- all of us -- and we can all talk . " 
" the best way to improve yourself is to improve yourself . " 
rt “ don lemon said this . im just going to leave this here ” ht … 
" i'd probably be a writer like james baldwin . " 
rt for those looking for the link : 
my comment on doesn’t get offended via 
don lemon thinks he could be jesus christ q : that sound you hear when don lemon talking ? a : 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

mourners reflected in the bullet-pierced glass of le carillon in paris on tuesday 

french president françois hollande said he'll travel to washington next week to meet with president obama 

raw talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of americ ... 
the fightin ' foodies ! 
the culinary institute of america has sports teams ?? 
rt . on america's most unlikey college athletics program : the one at the culinary institute of america https … 
yes , culinary institute of america has an athletic department : 
interesting read raw talent & college sports mix at culinary institute of america 
concession stand must be good talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of america 
at culinary institute , sports are a entity ware 
raw talent and college mix at culinary institute of america- nyt 
" a steel , as any chef knows but most college basketball fans do not , is a tool for sharpening knives . " 
our awesome athletes and our growing athletic program were featured in the new york times !... 
raw talent and college sports mix at the culinary institute of america 
any bets on this year's mixing bowl ? a look at the surprisingly good sports teams at culinary institute of america 
perfect for c.i.a. steels play by play : slicing and dicing ! shaking and baking ! dishing and swishing ! 
rt coachburns2 food and sports . why didn't i go here ? - raw talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of … 
go steels . 
rt i bet the press meals at culinary institute of america sporting events are amazing : 

guinea , last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
nubia 1st baby to survive ebola having been born to infected mother 
last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
rt nubia was born in an ebola unit to a mom who died after giving birth . “ she’s broken all records , this little girl " https … 
after nearly two years , guinea begins the countdown to the end of the epidemic : 
last nation w/ may soon be declared free of . 
hopefully there will be some positive news on the way : may soon be declared free . via 
soon to be declared free - 
for the first time since march 2014 , no one is known to have ebola . 
fingers crossed : last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
we deserve some good news ! last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 

no other advanced nation tolerates this kind of deprivation of its citizens : read : via the new york times 
electing to ignore the poorest of the - - 
did you know that 16 million americans live on less than $9 a day ? why aren't we talking about this ? 
1 in 20 americans living on $8.60 or less per day 
16 million americans live on $8.60 pp/day for a family of 4 . prez candidates , where are you on this ? 
" by believing the poor are not exerting enough effort , we allow ourselves not to care . " -- 
16 million americans live on $8.60 or less a day . 
both republicans and democrats are ignoring the poorest americans 
in the us there's the deserving poor and the undeserving poor . we get to ignore those . my column 
rt almost 16 million americans live on some $8.60 a day or less . the latest column from … 
for decades , economic policy has shifted away from assisting the growing number of americans living in deep 
interesting perspective on how we view and address poverty from a policy standpoint 
with support in poor rural areas a smart move by conservatives would be to help those that help them into office . 
both parties appear to be ignoring the americans who need their attention most : the poorest of the poor 
ignoring the deeply , persistently poor : nearly 16 million americans still fall below 50 percent of the poverty line 
rt " witnessing the presidential debates , i am not optimistic that deep poverty is going to become anybody’s priority . " https :/ … 
important piece by on and government assistance ( or lack thereof ) . 
isn't it shameful that the u.s. , the world's richest country , still ignores the poorest populations ? via 
even after accounting for gov't assistance programs , nearly 16m americans still fall below 50% of the poverty line . 
but both parties [ ... are ] ignoring the americans who need their attention most : the deeply , persistently poor . 
but we can we elect to address poverty ! see 
good read by touching on a lot of issues book raises about living in extreme poverty 
rt out of sight , out of mind . “ we know startlingly little about life at the bottom of society , ” notes matthew desmond … 
rt electing to ignore the 16 million americans who are the poorest of the poor 

rt how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia 

rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attacks … 
police say target of raids was belgian suspect 
the paris prosecutor’s office said that the target of raids in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis was ... 
rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the at … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attac … 

why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 
nytimes : why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 

maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the bataclan concert hall 
remember maxime bouffard — via 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan mas … — via 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan massacre 

[ refugees across europe fear repercussions from paris attacks [ 
refugees fear repercussions isis responsible but who funds/enables isis and supports refugee hate ? 
refugees across europe fear repercussions from attacks - new york times : 
rt across europe fear repercussions from they flee same or actually much wors … 
across europe fear repercussions from they flee same or actually much worse violence 
after in fear growing suspicion of their hosts and hostility on the 
nytimes : refugees across europe fear repercussions from attacks 
across fear repercussions from 
refugees fear repercussions i exist thanks to refugee asylum . urge yr governors to keep states open . ❤ ️ 
rt across europe fear repercussions from attacks make them feel safe at home https : … 

" after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via " 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via nytopinion 

an african king in 
a simple , humble african king in bolivia 
features communities that are home to approximately 2% of uac-cp students . 
an african king in – marvelous , tragic photographs ... 
this modest monarch can trace his lineage to west africa , where his ancestor prince uchicho was enslaved in 1820 . 
an african king in lbolivia 
lost royalty ? 
how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia via 
new article in nytimes about the afro-bolivian king , julio pinedo ... 
just across from the touristic village of coroico , lives one of the remaining african kings !... 
rt jamesestrin : a simple , humble african king in bolivia nytimesphoto 
an african king and his wife , queen angelica , work in a small grocery store on the ground floor of their house in ... 
rt an african king in 

rt what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis … 
boingboing : rt nytimes : what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis … 

in iceland , a literary tour explores rich history 
" in iceland , more books are read per person than anywhere else in the world " 
iceland , land of story tellers . is it to get your mind out of darkness when your surroundings are so very harsh 
in a tour explores rich history 
in a literary tour explores rich history 
with nearly a 100% literacy rate , and a population of about 320 , 000 , iceland has more books published and more ... 
read about the uniquely inspiring literature tour of 
in territorial division , a literary abstract entity explores rich attribute 
is in iceland's dna - fascinating read 
take a literary tour of iceland in the then read & & & 
" in iceland there are no ruins ... so people think we evolved from cod . " 
" like the glaciers ... iceland is covered with thick layers of stories . " ( 1 in 10 icelanders will publish a book ! ) 
love the idea of scan codes on public benches to hear lit . literary tour explores rich history 
a tour in iceland where the most wished gift by children at christmas is a 
lovely article . rt . in a explores rich history 
rt torduroskarsson : lovely article . rt . in a explores rich history 
nyt covers the literary tours i take part in : 
iceland has more books published and read per person than anywhere else in the world 
to the residents of reykjavik , the culture of storytelling seems to be the source of their greatest national pride and iceland has a nearly 100 percent literacy rate . 

photos of the day 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 

to retool as 
rt gawker's rebooting as a political site , shifting celeb/pop culture news to jezebel , & folding io9 into gizmodo : … 
rt as gawker and its " journalists " enter their death spiral , we can only hope they take jezebel with them . … 
gawker will now focus on " political news , commentary and satire " inspired by crew p 
gawker is changing focus as part of a broad revamping , will now cover politics , not media 
. to " ride the circus of the 2016 campaign cycle to reorient [ to ] political [ content ] " 
gawker will retool as a politics site ahead of the 2016 election . 
gawker going purely political .... 
plans to shift its focus from media to politics . 
gawker will now become a political news site . via 
gawker to become even less relevant to nyc journalists than it used to be . whoopie . 
rt to as ' site ' ... 
rebooting as a politics site 
shuttering io9 ? changing focus to politics ? wtf is happening at gawker right now ? 
rt speaking of people who love to blow denton , why does the times always let his friend ravi publish these hand jobs ? https :/ … 
i don’t understand gawkers repositioning . if politics writing brought clicks , buzzfeed wouldn’t need animal gifs . 
rt gawker is going to become a politics site : 

the strategic limits of isis : 
a reasoned article outlining the tangle in the middle east : the attacks in paris reveal the strategic limits of isis 
how comes isis ' worst enemy is ... isis itself // 
olivier roy : " is its own worst enemy . " 
this is a great op/ed that explains the complexity of the middle east . 
rt " war is not won without infantry " , but " isis is its own worst enemy " - readissimo islam scholar olivier roy here : … 
excellent article on strategic limitations of 
rt the strategic limits of isis ( and everyone else ): 
the attacks in reveal the strategic limits of 
" the main actors in the middle east deem other enemies to be more important " 
rt nyt : regional players prioritize own interests over isis . turkey w/ pkk , kurds w/ autonomy+territory & saudis w/ iran https :/ … 
the in reveal the strategic limits of 
the attacks in paris reveal the great article ... strategic limits of isis : 
oh , the complex webs we weave . 
although i don't think writer meant piece this way , it's an excellent argument for not doing very much about isis 
interesting analysis of why isis haven't been any country's enemy ( till now ) 
" much like al qaeda , isis has no support among the muslim people living in europe . it recruits only at the margins . " 
solid analysis of isis by olivier roy for the new york times 
wanr some perspective on isis and how idiculoysly complex the situation is and why there re no simple answers ?... 
france is perhaps alone in wanting and trying to annihilate isis . 
globalized terrorism isno more effective , strategically , than conducting aerial bombings without forces onthe ground 

square prices its i.p.o. at $9 
square prices its ipo at $9 - new york times 
square priced its i.p.o. at $9 a share , signaling a tougher climate for tech start-ups 
the price of $9 a share is below the marketed range , a sign that the party for silicon valley may be soon coming to an end . 

rt a look at the altered images , bogus tweets and odd theories that spread across the internet after the paris attacks https : … 
rt fascinating read about misinformation in the aftermath of tragedies . 
paris attacks give rise to fakes and misinformation 
rumors , fake tweets , and a selfie of a canadian mistaken for a terrorist : beware of misinformation after big events 
not surprising : give rise to fakes and misinformation shared via social media via 
la razón's fake terrorist front page makes it into the new york times : 
give rise to fakes and misinformation , including mainstream media 
paris attacks give rise to misinfo 
people will share anything online in order to share something online . 
read when terror strikes , count on new york times spending its resources debunking and not investigating conspiracy . 
this is undeniably true that on the internet , there is always something surprises you yet it's fake . 
give rise to and | via by 
paris attacks give rise to fakes & | by 
a terrible part about the tragedies : people spreading harmful misinformation about the attacks , about innocents . 
please stop re-posting things you see on fb without checking them first . even the most benign posts can be ... 

security forces swarmed a paris suburb during an early-morning raid 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 
nytimes : morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 
charlie sheen : i paid blackmailers $10 million to keep quiet about my hiv . 
" “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen in an interview with matt lauer " 

" confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees : 
rt nyt editorial : " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " … 
editorial in the after paris attacks , vilifying 
building new barriers with the argument that muslims are inherently dangerous provides propaganda benefits to the is 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " important editorial : 
' confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable ' . interesting editorial : 
the fear mongering by some in this country is sickening . it's not who we should be . after paris , vilifying refugees 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " thank you https … 
after vilifying refugees 
after " confusing refugees w/terrorists is morally unacceptable and ... misguided " interesting piece . 
rt refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
refugees r often fleeing from violence : mt post , vilifying refugees 
rt after " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " timely editorial on opening up to refugees . https :/ … 
rt some refreshingly blunt words from editorial . 

why travel long distances & risk personal safety to provide abortion care ? dr. willie parker explains 
rt " i want for women what i want for myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determination & the opportunity to excel . " … 
why i provide abortions .... 
i went back home to alabama because women in the south are being denied the abortions that are their legal right . 
huge thank you for those who provide care is 
we know that when women have access to abortion , contraception and medically accurate sex education , they thrive . 
rt " when women have access to abortion , contraception & medically accurate sex education , they thrive . " … 
rt the heroic dr. willie parker in today's new york times . 
interesting article about abortion 
inspired & strengthened by dr. willie parker's commitment to women's health . 
" in public health , you go where the crisis is . " 
dr. willie parker on why he provides " our patients need us , and that’s what we are supposed to do . " 

facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

live coverage | german soccer match was canceled over ' concrete ' threat ... - new york times 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials said 
a soccer match between and the was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat : 

well : eye twitches 
what causes eye twitches ? 
ask ny times well blog : via 
eye twitches are often caused by stress , but involuntary eyelid spasms could be something more severe via 
this time of year we get more patients experiencing this common complaint . 
does your eye twitch ? read this to find out what causes it ! 
an answer to a common question ! 
what causes the eye to twitch ? via 
why is my eye twitching ? via 
choice tidbit like our facebook page ... it's an education ! 
i have always wondered about this ... 

strikes on in lead to more questions than results 
strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results . 
strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results - ( note the call to kill more civilians ) - 
strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results - new york times 
strikes on raqqa in lead to more questions than results - more " security theater " ... 
rt results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” - 30 hit mainly outskirts … 
french bombing missions strike nothing but empty buildings . lol ! 
on in lead to more than 
" why , if there's is targets that could be hit w/o killing civilians , weren't they hit long ago ? what was being hit ? " 
rt bombing for show ? us , syria , jordan , russia , now france : need revenge on isis ? drop a few bombs on raqqa ! syria https://… 
rt 1 . so if us can give france 10s of short-notice isis targets w/o killing civilians , why weren't they hit before ? … 
before every brit wets themselves in excitement over bombing isis in syria , it seems french airstrikes are for show . 
why , if there were targets that could be hit without killing civilians , were they not hit long ago ? 
strikes on raqqa in syria " targeting abandoned empty locations 
french airstrikes on mostly hit " abandoned empty locations " 
rt french airstrikes on raqqa in syria , very little tangible results : nyt -- anyone surprised ? 
rt 2 . and if not , then are they hitting civilians/accepting more risk of that ? or empty land/bldgs , bombing for show ? https :/ … 
rt the barrage of french airstrikes didn't kill civilians , mostly hit empty buildings . … 
rt french and russian airstrikes on raqqa : more questions than answers . 

charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep it secret 
rt we hope . announcement finally quiets tabloids . should not be stigmatized ! 
rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 
sad but not surprising given his lifestyle 
check out charlie sheen's interview on the today show this morning as he unveils secrets . 
commcore ceo speaks about the charlie sheen interview . 
rt sheen paid millions to keep hiv secret - like we'd be shocked to know drug use , prostitutes had led to bad things http … 
the actor said he had known about the diagnosis for about four years but did not know how he contracted the virus . a … 
rt charlie sheen says he has hiv and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret … 
rt charlie sheen said he paid people “ into the millions ” to stay quiet about his hiv diagnosis ht … 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " seriously ? sorry to say , but you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " really , mr. sheen ? you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
rt charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep his diagnosis secret 
charlie sheen's hiv status : cs says he paid mllions t keep it quiet puzzlng : have we moved on s/ ' 80s ? 
rt he felt like he needed to keep it a secret . we can end stigma together ! 
actor charlie sheen has confirmed that he is hiv positive : 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 

awakening to a raid upstairs , and explosions - new york times : abc newsawakening to a raid upstairs , and explo ... 

complex problem 
rt an absolute must-read on a1 tomorrow about where isis came from , what it wants , and how to destroy it : … 
experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
this is savagery , not strategy : 
envisioning how global powers can smash isis 
rt too bad no woman has thoughts on https://… 
rt how to crush isis ? asks the experts . no consensus , but start with solution in syria … 
taking stock vs isis , experts recommend all the measures obama has rejected 
explain how can 
rt you know it's been a long week when the new york times has stopped capitalizing sentences . … 
provocative . isis can't be defeated w/o reformation of islam . muslims must offer an alternative vision 
rt experts explain how global powers can smash daesh via . & . 
stop bickering and fight the real enemy 
rt public has to see muslims as part of the solution to isis . https :/ … 
no clear strategy emerges ... " experts explain how global powers can smash 
rt everyone talks about eradicating tell us what it would take . … 
a thoughtful approach to the isis threat that calls for " free movement of people , labor and ideas . " 
experts can't agree on how to beat isis 
“' isis is tapping into a deep emotional wound amid arabs and muslims , ' said ed husain , a british activist and ... 
clearly multi pronged strategies will need to be deployed how global powers can smash isis 
experts explain how global powers can smash spoiler alert : lots of conflicting solutions 
overheated rhetoric doesn't respond to the profound problem of & 
one of the best articles i've read about the situation in bombast will not solve this problem 

the ied says its militants used to take down the russian metrojet over egypt : 
isis shows off bomb it says downed russian jet 
isis shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet 
rt isis photo of what they say is the ied that brought down the russian plane in the sinai : https :/ … 
shares image of it says brought down jet 
unbelievable ! check out the improvised explosive device used to bring down a russian airliner over the sinai ... 
how do y'all kno all of this i don't get it man smh 
rt isis brags about explosive that brought down russian jet 
shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet - the new york times 
and now you know why banned liquids . 
scary !!!! - 
rt in its magazine , is shows picture of what it claims is the type of schweppes soda can they used as an ied on plane https :/ … 
isis shares image of soda-can explosive it says brought down russian jet — via 
isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian jet 
isis shows off bomb it says brought down jet 
shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet — 
whaaa ? that queazy feeling when the internets are being used by : isis sharing image of bomb on its on line magazine ! 
the manhunt for the paris attackers - the new york times - 
top story : retweets isis shares image of explosive that it … see more 
isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian … — via 
looks like clock boy has been at it again ... 
most surprising part of this is that isis has a " glossy online propaganda magazine " called dabiq : 
isis shows off it says brought down jet 

first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
congrats to cormac gollogly & richard dowling , first couple to legally marry ! 
" ireland’s first same-sex marriage ceremony was held tuesday in county tipperary after the new marriage ... 
top story : retweets first same-sex marriage ceremony held i … see more 
first marriage held in 
marriage dreams coming true on the 
voters approved - here is the 1st ceremony . 
rt first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
first same-sex marriage in ireland today ! 
douglas dalby teaching things mum can't . 
lots of things are terrible , but this is not . the first same-sex marriage in ireland : 
first same-sex marriage ceremony in ireland 
[ josh and skinner sit down . ] josh , the language doesn't prohibit same-sex marriage . josh of course it does . 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 

bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo 

nyt now : live updates on the terror attacks investigation 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of d … — via 
charlie hebdo : “ screw them . we have champagne . ” 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of defiance 
live updates on the terror attacks investigation – via 
how do folks feel about charlie hebdo's cover ? is it bold ? insensitive ? both ? i want to say both . 
les inrockuptibles , charlie hebdo and others remain defiant against extremism 
ahh i love the french so much . " they have weapons . screw them , we have champagne ! " 
. on the latest charlie hebdo cover , and the message of defiance in french media after 
cover junkie 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 

7 bryant park embraces its place in the city . 
7 bryant park embraces its place in city •go to for a great website with wise advice on life 
7 bryant park .... the newest office gem built thanks to the revival of bryant park 
two conclusions from this article : i need to visit 7 bryant park , and i need to read whatever harry cobb has written 

pop music might change , but adele doesn't . reviews her new album " 25 . " 
pop music might change , but adele doesn't . joncaramanica reviews her new album " 25 . " 

rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in the french national police said . … 
diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in st. -denis 
heroes come in all shapes and sizes . thank you for your bravery , diesel . 
this just destroys me , zero respect for any life . send isis to hell . via nytimesworld 
diesel , police dog , killed in raid on terrorists , which may included female suicide bomber 
rt a police dog named diesel died in st. -denis raid 
retweeted new york times world ( diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in ... 

quote of the day 

on campus : stories from new york times readers 
students from colleges across the us share their stories of on campus 
nytimes reports on racial hate crime on campus -- a pocahottie costume . 
racism on campus : stories by new york times readers . people lacking social awareness , empathy , relationship skills . 
yes . racism on campus isn't always blatant 
new york times readers were invited to describe their encounters with discrimination on campus , and tell what ... 
nyt story about " racism " on a campus includes no examples of students being excluded from academic classes/programs 
racism on campus : stories from readers . journalism prof is featured 
" [ faculty and student body are very diverse ... that makes a difference to how minorities feel on campus . " 
shoutout to prof . tom costello . rt : racism on campus : stories from ny times readers 

what will it take to destroy isis ? experts from around the world weigh in . 

belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbeek 
top story : retweets police raid house in troubled brussels … see more 
top police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - the new york t … see more 
- police raid house in troubled neighborhood — 

britain calls for closing of coal-fired power plants by 2025 
britain to close coal-fired power plants by 2025 
amazing . great britain plans on closing all coal-fired plants by 2025 . 
now the eastern coast of america should take note . actually we all should go solar america ... solar/stored energy ... 
britain calls for closing of all coal-fired power plants by 2025 
great news for planet earth - the first country to ever use coal for electricity has realised coal's days are ... 
i agree with to judge climate seriousness , look first at a country's approach to coal , not renewables 
britain is planning on closing all its plants by 2025 . 
britain calls for closing of power plants by 2025 
rt uk closing coal mines & plants ending coal-tech subsidies … 
britain among leaders in trying to reduce global carbon emissions . 
the uk will close all coal-fired power plants by 2025 ! next step : 
change : british government calls for closing of power plants by 2025 
‘‘ we ( britain ) will be one of the first developed countries to deliver on a commitment to take coal off the system . ” 
british government calls for closing all power plants in the country by 2025 
rt this political announcement brought to you by rise of gas & renewables (+stubborn nukes ) 
to close power plants by 2025 
britain to close coal-fired power stations by 2025 ($) 

the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
great piece on the resilience of life in cheers from 
former muse educator & historian of on street life & how it will endure : 
the uncommon resilience of paris street life : 
the streetlife of the blocks where the paris attacks took place is resilient : they were as busy 100yrs ago as today 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
100-yr-old postcards of paris terror sites show same streets & storefronts , treasured because so inviting 
" people still go out b/c going out is something that paris invites us to do . " fantastic piece via 
rt wonderful article by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life 
it is good to know after the paris attacks that life will continue as it has for more than a century in the ... 
paris invites you 2 " explore , take wrong turns , fall in love , protest & have a drink in the same places others have " 
" people still go out because going out is something that paris invites us to do . " vintage snaps of the 10e : 

an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead ( 
rt the chief suspect in the paris attacks was wanted dead by his own family . 
rt isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead how many isis were raise in belgium … 
isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead how many isis were raise in belgium ? brussels is marred ! 
rt the leader of the lived a pretty cushy life . he wasn't poor , uneducated , aggrieved etc … 
rt isis militant his own family wanted him dead by andrew higgins & 
chief suspect is an isis militant whose own family wished him dead 
rt first thing to know about abdelhamid abaaoud , target of this morning's paris raid : his own family wants him dead . https : … 
rt 1st thing to know about abaaoud , mastermind of his own family want him dead . ht … 
anyone want to do the honors . 
rt man from who's own family want him dead 
1/2 nyt reporting on paris attacks plotter abdelhamid abaaoud's links with al-battar battalion in syria . 
rt attacker an militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
social networks , not communities , are often key in radicalizing and empowering those who carry out 
isis terrorist from belgium whose own family wanted him dead maybe stop using sweet images for a psychopath . 
" ... making belgium the biggest suspected source , per capita , of foreign fighters for isis . " 

charlie hebdo's latest cover offers a message of defiance 

a return to living . a show of unity . france receives a friendly embrace in england 

ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
rt nice little grace note here : the iran-contra alum who advises ben carson on nat sec calls the russians " soviets " : … 
ben carson's advisors say he is having difficult time understanding foreign policy 
rt the fact that this carson adviser tells the nyt this on the record just blows my mind ... https :/ … 
this is one of ben carson's top advisors : 
ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy advisers say a vacant mind is a terrible thing to waste , but ben can 
he apparently got it from an freelance operative . 
big roadblock for he needs to bone up on communicating sound foreign policy . nyt article explains 
rt correction : carson aides say he needs weekly foreign policy briefings to " make him smart " ; didn't say he'd had them https : … 
not an entry-level position ! is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
rt shorter extempers have a better grasp of foreign policy than 
for the foreign policy may just be too much for him to handle . 
rt one of ben carson's foreign policy advisers said what ? 
in which carson's campaign throws one of its senior intelligence advisors under the bus for admitting he's clueless 
rt this is carson's own advisor , on the record . 
rt fascinatingly indirect way of reporting that man running for president and leading in some polls doesn't know shit . https … 
struggling2grasp foreign policy luv the campaign contradicting itself . but do the care ? 
his own paid advisers are selling him out - to america's benefit . 
he's struggling to locate new england . here's a hint , doc - it's not in england . which is a whole ' nother ... 
" carson needed weekly conference calls briefing him on foreign policy so ' we can make him smart . '" :( .............. 
ben is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
rt this stunning nyt story about inability to grasp or learn foreign policy should give voters pause … 
how dumb must a presidential candidate be for his top advisor to throw him under the bus -- on the record ? 
love their candor ! carson aides say he needs foreign policy tutoring '' so we can make him smart . '' - 
“ nobodyhas been able to sit down with him and have him get one iota of intelligent information aboutthe middle east ” 

isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " 
rt isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " … 

rt this 3-week-old girl is the last known ebola patient in active treatment in the world … 

rt correction of the day 
adele holds firm on ‘ 25 , ’ even as pop shifts 
rt adele’s “ 25 ” has one transcendent , face-melting song , a bunch of good ones , and one by tobias jesso jr. … 
pop music might change , but adele doesn't . reviews her new album " 25 . " 
the new album by the soulful british singer shows off all the elements she’s best known for . 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
“ i know it’s pathetic , but this was one of the things that allowed me to try to keep some hope , ” he said . 
nytimes : he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped … 
escaping the bataclan with a bloodied drumstick — via 

we’re living longer . that’s great , except for social security . 
. on how can accommodate more americans retiring but living longer lives 
this is an interesting look at what social security is facing , with some solutions that need to be considered . 
here is an interesting look at where we are and what we can do to fix the problem social security is facing . 
we live longer . that's great , except for social security : fix ss by taking more money in & sending less out ( nyt ) 
we’re living longer . that’s great , except for via 
despite the political challenges , fixing social security is rather simple : take more money in , send less money out … 
not sexy , but can't be ignored in any election cycle . 
we're living longer . that's great , except for social security . 
social security tinkering to make it work for our grandkids . 
by the numbers : we’re longer . that’s great , except for 
very clear take on security from via 

the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to residents and commuters 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
top story : retweets paris : updates on the terror attacks - … see more 

early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening 
studies find declines in screening and early detection of prostate cancer 
according to two recent studies published in the journal of the american medical association , fewer men are being ... 
psa isn't perfect but we can be smarter about using it , vanderbilt's david penson tells 
rt studies find prostate screening , early detection declines . 220k new cases expected in ' 15 https : … 
how can we lower the cost of medical care ? screen fewer men for prostate cancer , and discover fewer cases . brilliant 
early cases fall along with 
here's exactly why men should be screened for prostate cancer - early detection ! 
. reports : fewer men screened for prostate and fewer early-stage cases detected . 
early cancer cases fall along with 
rt studies find declines in screening and early detection of via - 
dave penson gives great interview in nyt on prostate cancer screening 
rt fewer men get screened for prostate cancer , and fewer cases are being found . is this good or bad ? time will tell . https : … 
early prostate cases fall along with screening 
“ with psa testing , we often detect cancers that don’t need to be treated " prostate advice put in doubt by new study 
less screening & less early detection of prostate cancer : declines could have public health implications ( nyt ) 
why significant , concerning that early stage prostate cancer cases are falling as screening drops ? that's the point 

the band eagles of death metal makes a statement on the paris attacks . read it in full : 
nuff said ⚡ 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
" heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid " fails 
rt french police raid targets mastermind … 
french police raid targets mastermind 🇫🇷 

rt french return to cafes and bistrots in a show of resolute determination … 
french return to cafes in a show of defiance 
rt parisians find the perfect -- and perfectly french - way of responding to the terrorists . … 
rt if you read 1 paris story today : on " the french way " " they'll never kill that " stay for the kicker … 
france : " we will not let the terrorists win " america : " internment camps worked out , right ? " 
we returned to no matter how it was changed or with what difficulties , or ease , it could be reached 
rt isis's mistake . free people don't run . we stand our ground . nyc did after 9/11 . paris after 11/13 . they won't win . https://… 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

senate votes to block obama’s climate change rules 
10 more democratic senators would make all the difference ... vote blue and vote mid-term elections !! " the senate ... 
while american's were distracted , the senate blocked new climate change regulations . 
stand with barack obama as he defends our against yesterday's senate vote to dismantle 
senate blocks obama's climate change rules - 
senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
senate blocks obama's rules - 
stand w/ as he defends our against yesterday's senate vote to dismantle 
rt breaking : " hoping to undermine his negotiating authority " , senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
rt senate votes to bury heads deeper in the sand on reveals depth of allegiance to fossil fuel industry … 
shameful and insane --> related : 
yesterday , the senate voted to repeal the thankfully , promised to veto and 
yesterday , senate voted to block centerpiece of policy 
rt senate blocks obama’s rules - obama has promised a veto 
rt senate blocks obama’s climate change rules : nyt evil anti-science haters … 
the republican senate blocking solutions to climate change . not surprising , yet still a disgrace . 
rt the senate blocks president obama’s climate change rules . via … 
senate votes to block cc 
thank you senator ayotte of new hampshire 
senate votes to block climate change rules 
there's a rumble in the legislative jungle - the us is working to block 
nyt : senate votes to block clean power plan 
senate votes to block to try to create confusion before vows to veto 
senate votes to block obama’s change regulations , in an effort to undermine his position before 

watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terror attacks . 
watch live : obama holds news conference 
watching live @ notre dame cathedral in paris , a memorial service 
live now . 
watch live : memorial service at cathedral of notre-dame 
paris under siege -- watch live here 
watch live : attacks in paris - the new york times 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 
an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead - the new york times 
live coverage : paris attacks 
updates on the 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
we should not give the gift of hate via 
the raid is over , but residents are advised to stay put . see all updates on our live blog : 
eddie 

nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 
nytimes : nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 

rt if you agree : refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 
international relations stories u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned … see more 
u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats ’ 
" many are fleeing extremism and terrorism – from the very people associated with the paris attacks . " 
it breaks my heart that the even has to make this statement : " refugees should not be scapegoats , " via 
live coverage | un agency says refugees should not be turned into ' scapegoats ' - new york times 
refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats’! unhcr statement says it all : 

your tuesday briefing 
your tuesday briefing - the new york times 
start your day with : " your via 
your briefing 

race 
: well , looks like in the long-run kong trump has shaken another one off the log , see ya , wouldn't wanna be ya !... 
might be an unpopular view but if we're talking lesser of evils in the gop race , jindal was one . 
not his time , i agree . 
if it's ever bobby jindal's time it will be my time to leave the country 
bobby jindal quits repub presidential race wrecking ball bobby throws in the towel ... and leaves the demolition site 
jindal asked his supporters to move to mike huckabee . that should move mike to double digits ... 17 total supporters ... 
piyush , what took you so long ? quits republican presidential race 
famous last words : " we spent a lot of time developing detailed policy papers . " ( louisiana governor bobby jindal ) 
rt race 
“ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time , ” - drops out via 
now what am i supposed to do with all of these red and green " jindal all the way ! " sweaters ? 
rt days before the vitter-edwards vote , jindal drops out 
rt a bit more , with on the rise and fall of jindal > 
nytimes : jindal drops bid for the republican nomination one more drops out . who's next ? 

our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
rt rt nytimes : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of … 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate " there is hope 

i love brussels sprouts and these sliders look yummy . 
brussels sprouts sliders 
looking for a side dish or appetizer for the vegetarians at your celebration ? 

what travelers can expect in paris 

" size and speed , jonah set new template in 
blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in rugby 
rugby lost a trailblazer when jonah lomu fell to kidney disease today at 40 . kia ora , mate . 

love brussels sprouts ? we have an idea for you . 

is changing its focus 
nytimes : is changing its focus 

rt two of ben carson's top advisers say he's struggling to grasp foreign policy 
we can't be experts in everything . i can't perform brain surgery , but i wouldn't attempt it . 

pasta with fried lemons and chile flakes 

britain to close its coal-fired power stations by 2025 

at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court 
rt cravefornews at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court … 
rt rt nytimes : at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the … 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 
nytimesarts : rt nytimes : must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . … 

gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 
nytimes : gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 

french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking the public not to publicize the locations 
don't publicize police action on social media , say french police , it impedes operations 
french police ask people not to share locations of nationwide checkpoints they set up : 
🇺🇸 french police set up checkpoints all over france , but asking the public not to publicize the locations ( ny times ) 

witnesses describe raid in st. -denis via 
witness describes raid in st. -denis 
security forces swarm paris suburb via 

“ the people running from iraq and syria are attacked by the very same people who attacked us . ” 
. thank you for choosing empathy ... france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees 
rt american politicians should draw a lesson from hollande instead of pandering to fear via nytime … 
. do some research b4 spewing ignorance 
france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says 
now those are some humanitarian balls . france accepting 30k refugees . can we do more than 10k , ? 
still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — compassion is courage ! via 
by not giving in to misguided fear , is standing with france . 
vive la refuge : french pres hollande says his country will still accept 30,000 syrian refugees in the next 2 years . 
all the american policy makers talking about not accepting syrian refugees - seriously , gfy . 
the moral thing to do . never again . 
france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees [ -- us to continue to look stupid to everyone else ] 
make of this what you will : france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , 
ummmmm ( but good news that france will continue to accept refugees ) 
btw even after attacks , france still accepting 30k refugees . here in the us ... only fear . 
they must be super scary people . 
hollande says france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees 
glad to hear innocent refugees won't be penalized for violence committed by the people they are fleeing from 
france will lead by example and take in the 30,000 syrian refugees it said it would before last friday's attack 
france will keep its promise to take in 30,000 refugees over the next 2 years , president françois hollande says ht … 
france not a ' fraidy cat .. will take in 30,000 syrian refugees as promised . 
france will still accept syrian refugees : 
france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
france - france ! - showing more openness to refugees than u.s. repub governors via 
just shows the compassion , not close minded ! france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees via 
the french are cool ! rt ~ despite attacks … france still plans to accept 30,000 from iraq . 
let governors see this ! 
despite attacks in paris , france still plans to accept 30,000 refugees from syria , iraq . 

racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 
revjjackson : rt nytimes : racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 

what century-old photos from the sites of the paris attacks tell us about france's capital 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january 
rt france is taking action against isil . time for to implement to keep america and our allies safe . ht … 
rt the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 
is likely responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria 
thx for your point of view have u seen post and 
at least 24 countries have been the host of attacks by , or inspired by isis . this , i believe , is , and will be ... 
attacks around the world . 
rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 
the tragedy in paris is just one of many isis attacks on innocent civilians . has a timeline worth reading : 
isis responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria- updated for paris attacks ( via 
rt quoted in article on isis and their " trilogy of terror " iraq/syria , their wilayats , & now capable cells … 

rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , according to his advisers 

call to arms in france amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack , official says 
rt false reports of gunfire during vigil highlights the anxiety in paris . more news here : … 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspects 
rt belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack 
raid brussels area in search for terror suspect 
french version of usa patriot act “ … called on monday for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists . " 
the world salutes the french victims but nothing on the russian victims of the plane : double standard ... 
rt next you'll tell me this man isn't really belgian https : … 
rt it is critical that " war " on does not subvert democracy or become a crusade against muslims . … 
paris attacks plotted by belgian who fought for isis , french officials say 
so this sounds like the setup to something like l'acte de patriote 
nyt : president hollande calls for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists at home , 
on-the-run paris suspect salah abdeslam was stopped by the french police on saturday but was let go when his paper … 
hacker news - french president hollande seeks to amend constitution 
hollande seeks new legislation that would create more flexibility for combating 
" our democracy has prevailed over much more formidable opponents than these cowardly assassins , " mr. hollande ,... 
call to arms in amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspect in 
rt president hollande vows revocation of french citizenship for dual nationals convicted of terrorism http … 
abaaoud was already a suspect in a failed jan plot in belgium & aug plot 2 shoot passengers on paris-brussels train 
the mastermind leader of the paris attack was not syrian or middle eastern but belgian ! 
holland calls 4 new powers after paris attacks lets show isis whos boss by giving up our rights 
d'you suppose hollande will call it the " patriot act " , too ? " mr. hollande called for quick action by parliament ... 
rt if we continue to follow us & france foreign policy to absurdity , they should be bombing raqqa , brussels & chartres . ht … 
" france is at war . " -- president hollande . 
" terrorism will not destroy the republic , because it is the republic that will destroy it . " dat juxtaposition doe . 
french government turns up the heat on isis . what are the " exceptional " measures here ? civil liberties in trouble ? 
thoughts ? 
fr pres calls for const amendments that would give the gov flexibility to conduct raids without a warrant 
president hollande , what you are requesting is a slippery slope sir . 
hollande calls for new powers to ‘ eradicate ’ isis after paris attacks 
hollande calls for constitutional amendments to enable fight against terror . 
since when is changing the constitution to enable a police state not giving in to terror ? nyt-call to arms in france 
call to arms in france amid manhunt hollande seeks to amend constitution 
policing in america changed forever after 9/11 . the legislation france seeks for greater surveillance is frightening 
if getting to know incoming refugees was the solution , then it stands to reason that one's refugee family members ... 
police raids in france and belgium seek paris attack suspects 

a return to living . a show of unity . france receives a friendly embrace in england 

is changing its focus 
nytimes : is changing its focus 

storm system batters colorado and texas - - 
same storm blocked both co residents in the snow and brought tornadoes to tx tuesday 

obama calls on beijing to stop construction in 
nytimes - obama calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea 
calls on to stop construction in - 
rt obama calls on beijing to stop construction in 
" sure . happy to oblige ....... sike . " 
meanwhile in - 
" calls on to stop construction in south china sea " 
president obama on wednesday called on china to stop building on contested islands in the south china sea ,... 
nice try , mr. president , but you know perfectly well they're not gonna stop ... 
john cusack calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea 

rt white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & … 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks 
it's really depressing to me that the world is just now waking up to what has been going on in syria for years 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks - new york times 
gop : obama refugee vetting “ doesn’t sound at all robust to me " white house affirms syrian refugee plan 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & humane 
white house affirms refugee plan despite paris attacks 
via nyt > middle east 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

" tous au bistrot ! " “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
love this : a rallying cry in paris : everyone to the bar ! via 
good food , wine , friendships , & laughter remind us once again why we do what we do <3 
for my " drink ! " students . a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
“ it will be an act of peaceful resistance ” 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ - the new york times 
one of the many ways that new yorkers and parisians are kindred spirits 
a very act of defiance . — “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : tous au bistrot ~ everyone to the local bar-restaurant ! 
that's the way to do it . " a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar ! " 
i'll drink to that ! 
parisian restaurant owners are calling for a very french act of defiance . tous au bistrot via 
you know the best way to stay alive ? you keep living . rallying call in paris , via 
let's stand in solidarity with these parisians ! get to the bar ! 
" go to a place where you can have a beer , some peanuts , a plate of sausages , anything " 
" “ everyone to the bar ! ” ... ( ... and have a white russian on me ...! ) 

facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis 
profile frozen , then restored , for user named 
isn’t worth sharing this ? : 
facebook profile frozen , then restored , for user named isis — via 
lol the nyt doesn't know shit about archer 
be careful if you post a bob dylan song , folks 
nytimes : facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis 

rt after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via 
" after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via " = f 
after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via nytopinion 

details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 
details for bataclan attack found on cellphone in paris trash can … — via 
rt : pls flw a … 
the manhunt for the paris attackers - the new york times 
nytimes : details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 

2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
new york times most viewed stories : 2 air france planes are diverted from paris ari pregen 
global islamist terror : two air france flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over phoned bomb threats ... from usa 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over concerns 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over security concerns - new york times 
leia no > 2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over secur … see more 
2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over security concerns 

rt what china has been building in the south china sea 
rt why build aircraft carriers when you can build islands ? 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
nytimes : anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
probably helps to include the link . ~ hey , at least i'm still human :-) 
victim’s husband tells terrorists , ‘ i will not give you the gift of hate ’ 
victim’s husband tells terrorists , ‘ i will not give you the gift of hate ’ via 
victim's husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
husband tells ‘ i will not give you the of 
courage : " you won't have my hate ... i will play on " not scared not mistrustful not sacrificing liberty for security 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
posted " victim’s husband tells terrorists " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
paris attacks : " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
rt it takes the grace of god to let go & let god ... 
a victim's spouse speaks love to hate 

sheds reputation as an easy mark for - 
microsoft , once infested with security flaws , does an about-face ( 
microsoft sheds reputation as an easy target for hackers > 
ms stepping up 
i know from conversations that msr's static analysis folks have made major contributions here : research ! 
once infested with flaws , does an about-face 
microsoft getting props for security swagger 
rt once infested with security flaws , does an about-face : rt if only it'd stop connecting 
once infested with security flaws , does an about-face : rt if only it'd stop connecting to cloud . 
rt how microsoft's focus on security has moved it " from worst in class to the best in class " 
microsoft's new push to security - focus on detection and response - brand new cyber security defense operations cen … 
once infested with security flaws , is ... a little better . 
security threats continue to be in the top of everyone's minds . as it should be . 
good news for microsoft ... 
microsoft goes from worst to first in security <- includes talk about the need to eliminate passwords - 
microsoft was once the epitome of everything wrong with security in technology . its products were so infested with v … 
no longer an easy mark for hackers 
microsoft is a very different company than 20 or even 10 years ago . 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck , and why via 
nytimes : where isis claims it has struck , and why 

thanksgiving guide 
looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative recipes a try ! 
how to make potatoes - nyt cooking 
loading … 
thanksgiving recipes - nyt cooking 
yummy recipes for thanksgiving from the new york times ! 
the thanksgiving recipes are up . i feel stuffed just looking at them ! - nyt cooking 
amazing 
let's see if my meal is edible this year . i try and try and try . 
new york times interactive thanksgiving menu planner 🦃 
getting lost in this thanksgiving meal planner feature . everything looks so good . ( maybe b/c it's dinner time rn ) 
our menu planner will help you craft the best thanksgiving for everyone at your table . 
build your go big or go home , i say : thanksgiving recipes 
how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . 
what are your upcoming thanksgiving plans ? will you be traveling or will travelers be visiting you in long beach ?... 
some people dread the harriedness of holidays . but i love spending hours pouring over magazine spreads of old ... 
you must take a look - it is interactive and so much fun ! ready ... steady ... go and plan that thanksgiving menu ! 
making this day great : the happier podcast and madness 
rt rt academykierland looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creati … 
rt rt azdavidcreed looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative … 
" thanksgiving for all " ->> sept . vogue , on newsstands near you . ( or online : ) 
getting ready for thanks to 
rt how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . https … 
hint . for all those who have invited me for t-day , please check out the menu & recipes . look forward to sharing ... 
how to make turkey + all the fixings ! ht 

rt photos : an early-morning raid north of paris 

ted cruz challenges president obama to debate on syrian refugees 
is the one 
“ come back and insult me to my face ” ; cruz challenges president obama to debate on syrian refugees via 
. challenges to on “ come back & insult me to my face ! ” 
rt challenges o to me to my face ' ... 
cruz takes narcissism 2 new level ! u think he watches tv+thinks all characters talking 2 him ? 
" cruz challenges o to refugee debate ... ' insult me to my face ' ... " via 
ted cruz challenges obama to debate on syrian refugees 
you said you wanted 2 year about it : ted cruz challenges you to debate on syrian refugees 
tells “ come back and insult me to my face ” , then challenges him to a debate on refugees 
check out this link : ? 
don't waste your time w/ he is weak . even with his teleprompter he couldn't keep up . 
talks tough when he's out of the country , but ol ' mom jeans won't go toe-to-toe with 
cruz challenges president obama to debate on syrian refugees would chew you up & spit you out 
rt ted cruz is just the man to mop the floors with obama ! ted cruz challenge president obama to debate v … 
ted cruz is just the man to mop the floors with obama ! ted cruz challenge president obama to debate via 
ted cruz challenges petty bully crybaby obama to serious debate on syrian " refugees " .. 
i'd pay real money to watch this ! 
nice ! ted cruz challenges president obama to debate on via 

in mexico , mennonite farmers struggle with water shortage 
stunning photos from of mennonites in mexico . 
rt davidfurstnyt : stunning photos from berehulak of mennonites in mexico . 
incredible photos by daniel berehulak looking at mennonite farmers in mexico 
unknown author teaching things mum can't . 
photos of mexico’s mennonite heartland 
underground reservoirs have been drained by thirsty crops , like corn , that are the mainstay of the mennonites ’ success . 

rt isis shares an image of the explosive it says brought down a russian jet 

end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
add yahoo sports to the list of daily fantasy sites involved in the new york attorney general's investigation .... 
yes , eric schneiderman is after yahoo too ... 
attorney general seeks to stop fanduel and draftkings 
ny state attorney general is expanding his investigation into daily fantasy sports sites 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company ( ny times ) . 
top story : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added t … see more 
avoid bloomberg businessweek if you crave accuracy . yahoo info here : 
marissa mayer must think illegal gambling and socially irresponsible activities like this are okay if they make $$ . 
end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to … 
end sought to fanduel and draftkings in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
looks like yahoo might be swept up in the fight between new york and daily fantasy sports sites fanduel/draftkings 
yahoo now under scrutiny by ny attorney general over its daily fantasy sports games . $yhoo http:// 
end sought to sites in is said to be added to inquiry 
if they go after yahoo next , where is my team going to finish last next year ??? 
yahoo is said to be added to inquiry on fantasy sites in new york 
end sought to fantasy football sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry > 
first & ... now !! 
yahoo added to new york inquiry into daily fantasy sports sites 
yahoo , yahoo ! has you in his crosshairs . 
top story today : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be a … see more 
rt source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company … 

rt so to be clear : none of the 5 paris attackers identified so far is syrian . 
what we know about the paris attackers 
finding the links among the paris attackers 
rt every person implicated so far in the paris attacks has been a french or belgian citizen . none is a syrian migrant . https :/ … 
finding links between the paris attackers as the manhunt continues 

the paris attackers : who were they ? 
paris attackers : who were they ? and why do we care abt ppl with shitloads of q's in their shitty names ? 
why would they do this ? painful 2 watch , important 2 know . the attackers the victims : 
who were the attackers in paris ? video . 
rt a snapshot of seven men suspected in the paris attacks . who were they ? by 
who are the paris attackers ? very informative video piece by my colleague 
prevention of radicalism ; possible only through cooperation w/ muslim immigrants paris attackers : who were they ? 

a doctor explains why he provides abortions in the south 

on fake instagram , a chance to be real 
the rise of the fake instagram account 
even instagram users are marketing to the micro ( friends & family ) with fake accounts , aka " finstas . " 
' finstagrams , ' fake instagram that let the younger set be ( gasp ) real in social media . sign of the times , i guess . 
new the rise of the fake instagram a ... 
wine 
dell the rise of the fake insta ... 
danby the rise of the fake instagram ... 
rt weary of staging their lives for social media , young people are presenting their true … … 
hero4 the rise of the fake instagra ... 
it's the first time i've heard of and it makes a lot of sense . 
i'm curious about the apparent rise of private , avatar-like instagram profiles to communicate only with your most in … 
are these from your insta acct or finsta acct ? 
comment " you know whats next ? physical photo albums that people look through and can only show someone in person " - 
found this interesting article … seem like a less constructive version of to me 
good description of a lot of accounts these days : " a never-ending junior varsity ' vanity fair ' shoot " 
instagram or finstagram ? via 
on fake a chance to be real 
for a certain generation , instagram has become a calling card , a life résumé of sorts : “ this is my life . jealous ? ” 
" finstagrams , " fake instagram accounts to show real life : via 
" but life isn’t all rooftop parties and 45-degree-angle selfies . " finstagram : fake instagram , a chance to be real 
on how young people are creating privacy for themselves online : 

" french prosecutor says abdelhamid abaaoud , suspect ... " from the new york times ( 
paris prosecutor describes st. -denis raid & gun battle 
top story : retweets paris prosecutor describes st. -denis ra … see more 

when turns itself off 
' pop culture is how we dream collectively , ' we shouldn't be surprised when extremists attack it via 
after bloodshed , tv can be cathartic , or insensitive 
when tv turns itself off 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " … 
rt new : on tragedy , terrorism dramas and why pulp entertainment is not just appropriate but necessary . 
james on why the tendency of tv nets to pull episodes that echo terrorist attacks isn't necessarily good 
should tv networks cancel , postpone or rearrange their schedules in response to terrorist attacks ? 
when terrorists strike , television networks respond , sometimes sensitively and other times perhaps unnecessarily . 
rt great point by 
when broadcast tv self censors … " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares — communal , cathartic ... " 
should tv networks pull sensitive shows after a tragedy ? : “ we should not be surprised that extremists excoriate p … 

congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 
congressional democrats cautiously defend refugee program 
“ we can both welcome desperate , vulnerable families+ensure our own security ” via 

" one of the great joys in soccer is its vocabulary . " 
france-england game is a friendly in every sense of the word 
in light of the tragedy in paris , everyone came together during the france/england game 
op-ed : < /span > explaining terror to children 
last night's france vs . england redefined the meaning of a football ( soccer ) ' friendly ' 
followers that love soccer , this is worth time about the france-england friendly and what it means : 
“ la marseillaise ” during the friendly was uplifting to hear beyond any measure 
game is a in every sense of the word 
this france-england friendly game meant nothing , but nothing felt like everything . 
sometimes a friendly is just that . on england-france , which meant nothing but felt like everything . 
" the players had a duty to show the unstoppable tumble that is being alive . " 
friendly steeped in fraternity . all wembley sings “ la marseillaise ” at france-england match . sniff , 
this // normally , the visiting team’s anthem would be played first ; on this night , “ la marseillaise ” was played last 
france-england game was a friendly in every sense of the word 
lovely match report on a " friendly " between france and england 
lovely , lovely match report on france-england " friendly " 
france receives a friendly embrace in england 
thankful for capacity of sport to connect diverse communities & cultures , to unite , & to inspire resilience & hope 

rt iceland has more books published and read per person than anywhere else in the world … 
in iceland , a literary tour explores rich history h/t 

my short post on fb's french flag debacle , and how the lebanese flag made it to profile pics without facebook's help 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — vía nytimesworld 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality via 
facebook french flag profile picture change erupts inequality discussion via 
damned if you do , damned if you don't! complaints of inequality for french flag filter . via 
thats why i did not change my profile picture as french flag 
as tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
top story : retweets as social media tributes pop up , so do … see more 
top as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality - th … see more 
social media tributes-complaints of inequality - helping all cries have the option to be heard — via 
why did blatantly ignore and do nothing when warned . 

rt did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? fact-checks him . … 
" he was less clairvoyant than he suggests . " 
did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? nytpolitics fact-checks him . … 

storm system batters colorado and texas 

rt a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package … 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night , nothing felt like everything . 

rt french return to cafes in a show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” … 
rt rt french return to cafes show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” https … 

" the single best thing travelers can do to help is to stay in paris and to keep coming to the country . " 
what travelers can expect in 
how can tourists help ? : " stay in and to keep coming to the country " via 
in the aftermath of the attacks in the new york times has compiled useful information about what to ... 
“ the french need support now more than ever & want to return to normal life . ... not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
message to tourists : “ the french need support now more than ever , & leaving or not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
what can expect in 
here is a rundown on how hotels , airlines and cultural sites are accommodating travelers to paris 
also i wish i could give blood , but as a cancer survivor i believe i'm not allowed .... 
the best thing can do to help is to keep visiting paris and not be scared away . 
here is some helpful advice from the for anyone travelling to 
great article 

ireland holds its first same-sex marriage ceremony 

in rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame 
rt like getting a college-level course in a single story : on isis , its origins , missed signals and prospects … 
rt isis was born out of america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army http … 
rt isis flag found in 2008 — early signal of the group’s rise . my look at the group’s rebirth . … 
new york times - usa - in rise of isis many strands of blame - 
rt was born in america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army . https : … 
failure is an orphan . 
rt isis was born out of an american prison in iraq . read narrative on their rise https://… 
white house ignored defense intel report in 2012 on isis's potential growth because it didn't " meet the narrative " 
rt rise of many strands of blame 
rt > examines " strands of blame " in isis rise -- leaving out invasion of iraq & us support for syrian rebellion http … 
rt excellent overview by of isis and how it's evolved since 2010 , when the us considered it a minor threat … 

rt marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
y esto es lo peligroso " le pen’s anti-islam speech gains influence in france " 
de lo peor ... marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 

the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! the art ! 
coney island : the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! the art ! - new york times 
so miss my i went to for the first time in years this summer and had a blast ! 
top story : coney island : the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! the art ! see more 
can't vouch for news stories , but i found an article on art about coney island which was pretty neat : 
why coney island remains " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years . coney island : the hot dogs ! the art ! 
coney island fanatics can go see this show at the brooklyn museum starting friday 
“ it’s an interesting kind of crazy . ” : 
an exhibition at tracks coney island through its stylish rise , slow decline and eventual revival . 
excited for this coney island exhibit seems to have some really quirky but interesting art : 
dreams of the bygone 
in 1950's when i was a teen steeplechase was the " world " . till scumbag fred trump ruined it . read : 
inspired by coney island at 
coney island : the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! art ! wanna see this show " visions of an american dreamland " 

a husband remembers his wife , ‘ merry , with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids ’ 
husband remembers his wife , " merry , with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids " 

an 11th-hour detour puts a family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 

rt a woman in was killed when she detonated an explosive vest during a raid , french officials said . … 
a woman hiding out in an apartment in st. -denis was killed when she detonated an explosive vest 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - new york times 
top story : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special fo … see more 
top story : retweets woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by spe … see more 
woman killed in raid after detonating explosive vest - diesel , a 7-yr-old police dog , also killed 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces — via nytimesworld@ 
woman detonates suicide vest in st-denis raid in paris via 
top woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
paris : updates on the terror attacks : paris : updates on the terror attacks ! 
rt woman killed in raid in paris ; three men captured by special forces . live updates : 
woman killed in raid . 5 suspects arrested . 
the raid in st. -denis brought major disruption to residents and commuters 
woman killed in raid via 

telegram messaging app closes public channels used by isis militants 
telegram messaging app closes channels used by isis ( 

rt facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant frm belgium whose family wanted him dead 

what's happening to obamacare premiums 

closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ via 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? : vote . via 
" there are no women in denton’s vision of an ideal " woof . 
editor-in-chief : the ideal gawker story should expose meaningful hypocrisy 
is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? | fishbowldc 
is changing its focus 
gawker to rebrand as political news site : internet gossip pioneer is moving in a new edi ... 
editor-in-chief explains the sites ' politics via 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ 
newstream© : wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or a head-scratcher ? 
will morph into a site focused on politics , its founder and top editor said . 
my favorite website is 
nytimes : is changing its focus 
the anti-politico to focus on political news and away from gossip 
politics : gawker is said to retool as politics site : a site that pioneered the knowing ,... 
is diversity a blind spot for a very interesting read - what's your take ? 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a site that pioneered the … 
drops weird news , four employees 
gawker is said to retool as politics site - a site that pioneered the knowing , irrever ... 
cuts staff as site focuses on politics 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on < b > politics < /b > a la ' daily show ' 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ' daily show ' : gawker . c ... 
rt in may 2015 , alleged o’reilly was accused of physically assaulting his ex-wife maureen m … 
breaking : will have massive lay offs . 

you probably have a to-go pasta dish . next time , try this one instead . 
nytimes : you probably have a to-go pasta dish . next time , try this one instead . 

" family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it was murder " 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
" let’s go see what god created . " 
intersting read that offers alternative but still negative narrative on police-civillian interactions in idaho town 
some of tight-knit dynamics ; interesting piece from on " anger , doubt " after fatal encounter 
annals of idaho : white conservatives also don't like it when their loved ones are shot and killed by the police 
anger and doubt rise after man’s encounter with 
good boy ; dindu nuffin . 
police are shooting good ol ' boys now . wonder if that will change any attitudes ? 
anger and doubt rise after idaho ranch owner's fatal encounter with deputies 
idaho deputies fatally shot a local man and his small western town seeks his justice 
family of man by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man's fatal encounter with deputies - new york times 

coffee tied to lower risk of dying 
rt coffee tied to lower risk of dying 
good 
coffee drinking linked to reduced risk of death from heart disease , stroke , diabetes , neurological disease & suicide 
wahoo another win for lovers ! coffee is tied to a lower risk of dying prematurely via 
aaron justice 
tied to lower risk of dying prematurely 
pour yourself another cup ! 
++ news 4 those with obsessive coffee disorder ; espresso addicts rejoice ! + did you know ? 
ever get tired of being right ? 
observational study of 200k correlates coffee ( incl decaf ) consumption w ↓ mortality 
coffee reduces the risk of premature death . pretty cool stuff . 
basically , i'm immortal . 
rt large 30yr study of 200k people shows tremendous health & longevity benefit to drinking … 

it began as a hashtag . now , is an internet-driven civil rights movement 
barbadostoday : rt nytimes : it began as a hashtag . now , is an internet-driven civil rights moveme … 
rt it began as a hashtag . now , is an -driven civil rights movement htt … 

eagles of death metal make first statement on paris attacks 
story eagles of death metal make first state … see more 
the band , which was headlining at the bataclan on friday when gunmen stormed the venue , said on f ... via 

diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to the dismay of some 
a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid - the new york times 
a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid — via 
rt more about diesel , the french police dog killed during a counterterrorism raid outside of paris 
rt a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid — 
rest in peace , diesel , hero french dog of st. denis . 
isaranjuez : rt nytimes : diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to … 

husband remembers his wife , " merry , with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids " 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
" a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins " sooo 

blatter and platini lose fifa appeals and remain suspended 
fifa rejects sepp blatter's appeal . maybe he didn't offer enough . you'd think he'd know the going scale for bribes . 
soccer , international federation of association football ( fifa ) , blatter , sepp , platini , michel via nyt 

photos of mexico’s mennonite heartland 
nytimes : photos of mexico’s mennonite heartland 

rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 

the eiffel tower is closed again 
eiffel tower is closed once again - new york times 
it has been confirmed that the eiffel tower is closed due to a bomb threat 
eiffel tower is closed once again — via nytimesworld 
updates on paris . 
" responding to hatred with anger would be to fall to the same ignorance that made you the people you are . " a . leiris 

rt rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 
“ rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease ” sad day . such a great player 

manhattan psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client - - 
scamming vulnerable people can be a huge business . psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client . 
psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client is the business ethical ? 
it's amazing how stupid people are . psychics are con artists . 
manhattan psychic admits taking over $550000 from lovelorn client - new york times 
you just can't make this shit up . $ 550,000 for psychic to raise the dead 
love is wasted on the young , money on the rich . 
how stupid can people be ? $us550 , ooo ! 

" morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . " 

boko haram ranked ahead of isis for deadliest terror group 
goats r a little more fearful of boko nutjobs than isis fags but both r equal goat fkers 
rt what's the deadliest terrorist group in the world ? not isis , but boko haram . 
they could stand a few bombs . 
rt boko haram : still deadlier than isis , still nobody gives a shit 
huh , what do you know ? the sub-saharan version of isis that one that is actually worse , no one pays attention to . 
boko haram was responsible for more deaths than any other terrorist group in the world , 
boko haram pledged allegiance , rebranded as islamic state west africa province — strange to frame it as a competition . 

how amazon’s long game yielded a 
how long game yielded a retail juggernaut via multichannel to ensue w brick and mortar 
how amazon's long game yielded a retail juggernaut - 
people said similar things about sears in 1980 . what upstart of today will disrupt amazon in 20 years ? 
step 1 : step 2 : 
now that amazon has hit this point , it’s difficult to see how any other retailer could catch up 
conservative estimates show that by 2020 50% of us households will have joined amazon prime . holy bezos empire-opoly 
one analyst predicts that in five years , 50% of american households will have joined amazon prime . 
amazon's rise : a.w.s and " inflection point " of retail as its distribution infrastructure reaches a critical mass . 
prime time : estimate says by 2020 at least 50% of us households will have joined 
amazon rules ! 
amazon’s long game yielded a retail juggernaut - the new york times true 4 me changed my day-2-day buy habits 
does bet on growth finally pay off ? long game yielded a retail juggernaut 
asked if there was any potential threat to dominance , analysts literally laughed 
amazon's patience - 
an in-depth analysis on why is so far ahead via 
amazon invested in infrastructure instead of focussing on quarterly profits - and now that investment is paying off 
long-term strategic orientation - did it help or hinder amazon ? 
" prime alters the psychology of shopping " & other reasons dominates retail : via 
rt kudos to sly for linking to 1 of his old stories as example of an " overblown " fear . https : … 
jeff bezos bucked the trend of seeking shor t-t erm results to create an addictive shopping experience few can match … 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
your date/model . let's go somewhere exotic & try new things . book ... 
very useful timeline from nytimes . 
top story : retweets where isis claims it has struck , and wh … see more 
where claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck since october 3 , and why 
russell goldman and karen yourish teaching things mum can't . 

rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 

finding the links among the paris attackers 

“ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race 
nytimes : “ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race … 

in many obamacare markets , renewal is not an option - - 
in many markets , renewal is not an option 
this map by shows why switching obamacare plans makes financial sense , even if it's a pain : 
in many obamacare markets , renewal is not an option via 
. how do we ' shop around ' ( as you proposed ) , when shopping around is not an option ? 
nytimes-getting a plan from c o-o p running at a loss is a " bargain " -in many obamacare markets , renewal not an option 
how are changing where you live ? latest analysis from and 
interactive map in this story shows where obamacare rates went up , where they went down , and by how much : 
change of plan : in many obamacare markets , renewal … 
awesome work from and on renewals . interactive map shows benefit of shopping for better deal 

aung san suu kyi has moved toward dominance in myanmar . her words have become provocative . 

( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 
thnks 2 4 thanksgiving desserts from me & 
now i know what to do with my chestnut flour and bag of cranberries . thanks 
bless for chocolate chestnut cake & cranberry curd tart recipes via & 
a couple ideas for gluten-free desserts fro upcoming holiday . 
( if not guilt-free ) desserts 
( and maybe not guilt-free ! ) thanksgiving desserts : via 
nut flours are key to indulgent , gluten-free desserts 
rt ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 
¿cuál es tu restaurante favorito sin gluten ? : gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiv ... 
gluten-free ( if not guild-free ) thanksgiving via 
city kitchen : ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving wheat-free chocolate … 

message gains influence in 
wonder how that'll play out in france w/ marine le pen's message gaining traction & upcoming election 
who didn't see this coming ? exactly what those thugs wanted : le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
marine le pen's anti-islam message gains influence in france - 
terrifying : marine le pen's gaining more of an audience post- 
history repeating itself ? 
you think she stopped by the elysee palace to measure for curtains ? le pen v hollande in 2017 ?... 
marine le pen’s anti-islam message in france don't get caught up in the political selfserving propaganda . 
... and this is an understatement , i'm sure 
no , the national front party : 
" this repeated connection — immigration equals islamism & terrorism — is playing powerfully in the minds of voters . " 

the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 

is changing its focus 

with tv viewing changing , networks tak ... 
you mean drop in viewership has nothing to do with paint-by-numbers plots and dialogue ? 
networks taking longer to drop shows - last friday , something happened in network television that’s almost unhe ... 
networks take longer to drop shows 
latest twist on tv ? new shows rarely get cancelled . explains why 
rt notes on why there's only been one cancelation in network tv this season 
i forgot jeremy sisto was on wicked city . i forgot it starred anyone but chuck bass . 
" it speaks to a gripping anxiety that has spread throughout an industry where hits are in short supply " 
" last friday , something happened in network television that’s almost unheard-of these days . " great story 
tv networks are pausing before hitting ‘ cancel ’ : in an industry where hits are in short supply , exec ... 
dtn financial news : tv networks are pausing before hitting ‘ cancel ’ : in an industry where hits are in short su ... 
even the gray lady is oblivious . 
the content gold rush is drying up the talent pool . 

rt a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package … 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - the new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - new york times 
it seems to have been a harmless package & some sort of threat 
web dsign 
seo website builder soccer stadiu ... 
police have found an ambulance packed with explosives outside soccer match in 
this is getting way too close . i work in this city and spend most of my days there . it's crazy .... 

rt a rallying cry in paris : " everyone to the bar ! " 

rt the united nations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
dear friend of dear friends of mine . full of ' joie de vivre ! " , love , life & sunshine . no words suffice .. rip pierro 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins — via 
lovers of live music , travelers to & co-runners of the family italian joint ; the 2 cousins at 

the cult of the toto toilet 
that gives you butt wash , keeps it warm 
“ it’s about the heated seats . your life is really good when you have a heated toilet seat . ” 
toilet otd : toto , but imho , the basic one-piece , no heated seat , no “ washlet , ” is just fine . 
you can have my toto toilet when you pry it from my cold , dead , er ... you get the picture . converted since 2009 . 
whites have actual anxiety about washing their butts till they realize 
3 years to train a sales consultant and the only ' moving ' parts are natural , must be good ! cult of the toto toilet 
to sit upon a standard commode , the owner of a toto toilet said , would be like “ going back to the stone age . ” 
parallel construction : " the bidet tends to cause embarrassment ; the electronic push-button controls to confound . " 
on the list . heated seat . 
as far as i'm concerned , you've not made it until you own one of these 
this $ 9,000 toilet is subliminal message , right ? 2.4 billion = 
ooh i want a pet toilet ! 
brooklyn in the building via nyt 
the japanese toilet is said to be about “ comfort , health , functionality , ” but in america , the washlet with its bidet has not widely caught on . 

they have guns . we have flowers . talking to kids at different ages about paris : 
i wasn't going to write " talking paris with kids " until i saw how beautifully this dad handled it : 
a little boy and his father converse about the paris attacks . what happens at the end is really sweet ... 
seriously dad of the year- you must see this : via 
one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers 
a precious conversation : " they might have guns , but we have flowers " 
how do we talk to our kids about paris ? via 
look for the helpers , appreciate the flowers , and don’t let fear stop you . ❤ ️ 
this is a great article for us parents trying to find the right words when talking to our kids in times of tragedy . 
in the wake of tragedy : " don’t let fear stop you from being the person you want to be when the worst happens " 
one parent , on they might have guns , but we have flowers 
what can we tell our kids in difficult times ? “ look for the flowers . ” 

foiling electronic snoops in 
many emails you're reading are tracking your activities and location . 
rt email trackers dogging you ? has tips and tricks to lose them from eff's 
tracking you by your email - how to increase your personal email privacy and security . 
how to foil email snoops 
rt . learned that about 20% of his work email contained hidden trackers : if i find one , pr folks … 
60 percent of your emails may be watching you : 
rt over 2 weeks , found 280 of his 1,400 emails - many from pr folks - had trackers planted in them . tech fix : https://… 
new york times 
did you know that 60% of e-mails you receive track if and when you open them 
by some estimates , trackers are now used in as much as 60 percent of all sent emails 
trackers inserted into email can detect when a person opens a message and where they are when they do so . and it’s not easy to thwart them . 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
i love he does a great job rt “ don lemon doesn't get offended ” 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating isis , kerry says 
cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - - 
cease-fire and a political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , john kerry says . 
cease-fire and a political transition in crucial to defeating says . 
visiting france , kerry vows ' greater pressure ' on isis 
cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating says 
visiting france , kerry vows ‘ greater pressure ’ on isis 
sec . kerry states there will be more pressure on isis , from the world community 
. urges ceasefire - cease-fire & political transition in crucial to defeating kerry says 
yes , but what of pol future of irq ? " kerry : ceasefire & political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis " 
kerry says a cease-fire & political transition in syria crucial to defeat isis 
and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - new york times 
when love to come . cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating is ... 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
if you were wondering about lsu grad he sees himself more as a malcolm not martin 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

ta-nehisi coates wins national book award 
congrats ...... ta-nehisi coates wins national book award 
ta-nehisi winning the national book award brought tears to my eyes . so well deserved , especially in a nightmare year 
rare 
congratulations to the national book award winners . 
so many congratulations ! so well deserved . wins national book award - the new york times 
mr. coates won the nonfiction award for “ between the world and me , ” a blunt exploration of being a black man in america , published in the middle of a national dialogue about race relations . 

france : " we will not let the terrorists win " america : " internment camps worked out , right ? " 
french return to cafes in a show of defiance 
" even more determined to show that we will never give up our freedoms ” - french return to cafes in a show of defiance 
rt french return to cafes and bistrots in a show of resolute determination … 
rt parisians find the perfect -- and perfectly french - way of responding to the terrorists . … 
rt if you read 1 paris story today : on " the french way " " they'll never kill that " stay for the kicker … 
we returned to no matter how it was changed or with what difficulties , or ease , it could be reached 
rt isis's mistake . free people don't run . we stand our ground . nyc did after 9/11 . paris after 11/13 . they won't win . https://… 

who passes ‘ commander in chief test’ ? • obama was born a shiite muslim . his " christian " pastor is a converted muslim ! 
reupping this from yesterday : how 2016 may mirror 2004 on national security 
after paris , who passes the ‘ commander in chief test’ ? 
leaving the democratic party after this election . fed up . 
social event stops : after area , who passes the ' physical object in chief problem solving' ? 
we may not want to politicize tragedies , but tragedies have political outcomes all the same . 

" this new nyc building " makes the case for why architecture matters " " 

germany-netherlands match canceled over security concerns 
germany-netherlands soccer match canceled over security concerns 
germany cancels soccer match with netherlands . 
ah nevermind , seems like it was just a " suspicious object " twitter messing with us . 
germany-netherlands match canceled , evidence of plans to detonate an explosive device in the stadium : 
germany cancels match with the netherlands over security concerns - - 
police chief says there was serious threat to city and stadium , including plan for explosion . 

fact checks of the 2016 election 
one fact-checker to rule them all : today launches the first column as our in-house " doubting thomas . " 
caught in a ( gasp ) fib . he should never become a tv psychic 
love nyt fact checking what the candiates saying for the next us pres election . 

rt women worshiped the setting sun while celebrating a hindu festival in mumbai . more photos https :/ … 
a migrant boy with a thermal blanket on the shore of the greek island of lesbos 
rt beautiful ender in today's pictures of the day slideshow 
photos of the day 
top story : pictures of the day : france and elsewhere - people gazed at bullet h … see more 

something happened in network tv that's almost unheard-of these days : a show got canceled . 

aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of dignified defiance 
new york times - usa - a defiant voice sounds a bolder note in myanmar - 
does respect for law include fidelity to a military-imposed constitution ? 
a symbol of dignified sounds provocative 
why tell us what she was wearing on her first day in parliament ?? 
aung san suu kyi , on the cusp of power , is sounding imperious . what kind of leader is she ? 
interesting insights to the leadership style of by 
aung san suu kyi wins " so far the military has been gracious in defeat , which stuns many burmese 
aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of sounds a provocative note 
burma's democracy icon , on the cusp of power , sounds provocative . how she will govern ? 
so happy to read the words of in again . his smart take on aung san suu kyi's rise in myanmar : 
aung san suu kyi , " the future is hers to shape . " by via 
a symbol of defiance , aung san suu kyi’s victory sets democracy example to asian neighbours 
rt seth mydans , long-time southeast asia hand , returns to the pages of the nyt for a profile of aung san suu kyi . https … 
rt after landslide election win , imperious style of burma's democracy hero raises questions about how she will govern . https :/ … 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
belgian suspect in paris had been target of strikes on isis in syria 
heavy gunfire , suicide , as french police raid paris terror suspects ' way station / nytimes 
2 dead , 7 arrested in a raid this morning in a paris neighborhood . officials were targeting the mastermind behind ... 
heavy gunfire erupts as seek in raid 
second suspect in paris attacks sought . 
gunfire erupts as police seek suspects in raid 
paris attacks suspect was target of strikes on isis in syria 
second suspect is sought in paris attacks 

an early-morning raid north of paris 
an early-morning raid north of paris : the french police conducted a raid in st. -denis aimed at detaining ... 

bravo connecticut for accepting this syrian family that was turned away by the state of indiana . 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 
11th-hour detour puts family in ct as indiana bars syrian refugees ; excellent description of refugee vetting . 
rt indiana gov's ban on syrian refugees forces aid groups to scramble to find family a home https :/ … 
indiana goes on my boycott list . a shameful . 
rt indiana asked private refugee agency to redirect syrian refugees family , and agency then found them a new home https://… 
yes ! opening doors and hearts when hateful governors don't . thank you , new haven ! 
not 100k , not 10k , just 3 . husband , wife , 4 yr old son . probably be pats fans instead of colts fans now . 
the family was waiting in jordan for 3 years , finally granted permission to enter us , and indiana guv says no 
glad we live in the nuteg state . compassionate , decent nutmegs ! syrian family to connecticut as indiana bars refugees 
rt what gov decision about refugees meant for one family . 
bravo 2 integrated refugee&immigrant services : family in connecticut after indiana bars syrian refugees 
indiana state govt told refugee resettlement agency that syrians suspended , syrian family diverted to ct at last min 
bars syrian family w 4-year old , aping gop theme of hate , fear , 
bellwether puts local face on national issues . today , refugee issue cuts close as in gov pence bars syrians 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars refugees 
this has been a horrible year for we will stop spending our money in indiana ( again ) after this 
governors can find ways to influence where refugees settle after all ( h/t 
“ the last thing a refugee agency wants to do is give in to this un-american , political and knee-jerk reaction . ” 
i miss my home state ... it's really beautiful sometimes . 
proud today to live in new haven , ct , home of and , soon , the newest immigrants to the us . 
indiana finds more ways to make headlines | detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 
rt 11th-hour detour puts family of 3 , including a 4-year-old , in connecticut as bars refugees … 

also tuesday , two senators announced a push for a formal authorization of military force agains .. 
paul ryan calls for halt to syrian refugee program 
republicans call for halt to syrian refugee program 
rt house speaker paul ryan calls 4 halting syrian refugee program . it's now officially on the republican platform … 
to reject refugees is as bad as 1930s when us rejected jews fleeing saying they were communist spies 
republicans call for halt to human program - new york times 
us house pressures obama to kill refugee plan 
“ our nation has always been welcoming , but we cannot allow terrorists to take advantage of our compassion . " 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 
live coverage | angela merkel says soccer match cancellation ' had to happen ' - new york times 

california judge orders frozen embryos destroyed 
calif . judge orders frozen embryos destroyed in case of 46-yr-old cancer survivor vs ex-husband 
judge orders frozen embryos destroyed : a state court judge in san francisco on wednesday ordered the ... 
a state court judge in san francisco on wednesday ordered the destruction of five frozen embryos after a man challenged his ex-wife’s right to use them . 

u.s. offers $5 million reward for senior isis figure 
u.s. offers $5 million reward for senior isis figure — via 
rt u.s. offers $5 million reward for senior isis figure 

the photograph alone does nothing to establish that the islamic state was able to accomplish any of this . it ... 
bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo 
more here : 
seems they think timer operated ... 
top story : retweets bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can … see more 
rt bomb experts dissect that isis bomb picture . 
bomb techs analyze isis soda-can bomb photo : " nothing new or surprising , and not hard to build ” " pineapple " - cute 
i'm sure the good folk at schweppes are super excited to see their can get all this free p.r. 
experts analyze the isis soda-can photo 
" it would not be hard for an experienced bomb maker to build . " on that soda-can bomb photo : 
[ bomb experts analyze the soda-can bomb photo [ 
how scary is this . something the size of soda can could possibly blow up a plane . 

your wednesday briefing 

is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
boko haram is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
rt is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
terrorist attack in nigerian marketplace claims 32 innocent lives - boko haram is suspected , read more here : 
former natsec adviser for nigeria accused of stealing $2 billion that was supposed to be for fighting boko haram 
rt rt hey are you going to declare war on boko haram too ? 
is suspected after explosion in kills 32 
last tues , an explosion in a nigerian city killed 32 people . 
boko haram , gop governors suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
boko haram suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
shared a link 
another attack . evidence for thesis that displaced rebels/terrorists likelier to target civilians 
sigh . 

sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 
nytimes : sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 

one slogan , many methods : black lives matter enters politics 
black lives matter seeks a political voice 
it began as a hashtag . now , is an internet-driven civil rights movement 
black lives matter has become an internet-driven civil rights movement . today , a number of groups under that banner are trying to influence politics nationwide in a variety of ways . 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . " 

what china has been building in the south china sea 
reef to island in less than a year : china has been building in south china sea . 
concerning destruction of reefs for island expansion in the south china sea ... 
one way to destroy a coral reef in the progress name by china 
china is converting entire reefs to islands in just one year . yet , we can't finish velachery-taramani link road 
what has been building in the south china sea : via 
very interesting time lapse of what china is building in the south china sea & why it's bad for us/china relations : 
rt the united states sent a ship into disputed south china sea waters . more context on why : … 
" all is fair in love and war " -- john lyly . unfortunately china forgot that reefs are actual living breathing ... 
rt amazing graphics on this nyt story about the chinese efforts to claim the spratly islands : 

" justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections " 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind protections via retire already 
justice questions logic behind gay rights protections . he's doing more than 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind rights protections - 
scalia does it for the lulz , apparently . 
officials at report std levels rising to alarming levels via 
scalia's a moron with idiotic comparison . justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections 
justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
so glad that in this time of hating muslims , scalia has found time to hate gay people too 
ignoring the history of civil rights , scalia equates laws protecting my marriage to laws protecting child molesters . 
well , this makes me so angry , i want to vomit : 
scalia's just being a troll here . because he hates to lose . and we're winning . via 
antonin scalia : supreme court justice questions constitutionality of gay rights protection scalia made his ... 
have you seen this ? i predict regressive left hashtag slacktivists asking for scalia to step down 
once again , it's the difference between the letter and the spirit of the thing . c'mon , scalia -- smell the coffee ! 
this dude is a turd . 
question - must remove poor treatment of gays from islam ? what about from christians here ? 
are you really going to compare it to pedophiles ? justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights via 
please file under “ headlines i wish i could unsee ” - 
realizing that people like these have doctorate degrees from harvard & yale proves education means nothing 
child abusers and pederasts hurt people . way to make analogies that don't work , scalia . via 
" ... mmmmm don't look at me , but , as i've said , it's unnatural ... and ... perverted also . " 
it's never nice to wish for someone's death , but it'll be so sweet when this fucker finally croaks 
so scalia can't distinguish between groups like black , gays or women and groups like child abusers and pederasts 
it's 2015 . stop comparing lgbt people to criminals & pedophiles . even for scalia this hate is beyond the pale . 
antonin scalia questions protections afforded to people ; says same logic could apply to child molesters . 
u.s. supreme ct justice scalia compares protecting people to protecting child molesters 
this language from scalia is irresponsible and hateful . i get you having a moral issue but supporting hate ... 
justice scalia reveals again that be doesn't seem to understand much of anything by comparing gays to child ... 
breaking : justice scalia is skeptical of carolene products footnote 4 . 
rt god bless justice scalia for presenting his anti-gay views in the most unattractive and unconvincing way possible . https :/ … 
uncharacteristic representation on nyt's part . scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
justice scalia is a sad , reprehensible , impotent man ; likens lgbtq+ protections to child molesters . via 
in news from the late 1700s : scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections :: via 
i used to think scalia had a great legal mind that i disagreed with . but really , he's just a smug asshole . 
rt justice scalia is not only an asshole , but one totally unaware of the world he lives in - 
rt fuck you - comparing legal protections of people to … 

paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syrian refugees into the u.s. 

on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
12 . blog entry : bernie sanders , 2003-2011 american iraq war , conflict inappropriateness : sanders takes cue from dean 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " by patrick healy via nyt 
on invading sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
smart piece contrasting sanders and dean on invading iraq and ousting hussein . 
on invading learns from howard dean's mistakes 
on invading iraq , bernie answers katie couric with vivid context & clear common sense . true foreign policy prowess ! 
first draft : on invading bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
first draft : on invading iraq , bernie sanders … 
just say no : on invading takes a cue from 2016 

" reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek 9th suspect " 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect - new york times -- = 
rt reports of gunfire in suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect — via 

“ i am not setting out to be a provocateur . i am setting out to inform people and to get ( them ) to think . ” ... 
“ i am not setting out to be a provocateur ( but ) to inform people ” doesn’t get offended| via 
rt don lemon said this . i'm just going to leave this here . 
don lemon doesn’t get offended 
interviewer " how does someone get to be as self-accepting as you ? " , don lemon " what's the alternative ? " 
" if you don’t make room for the possibility that you can be intolerant then there is a good chance that you are . " 
" i am setting out to inform people " : don lemon tries to explain away his awful and offensive reporting : 
don lemon : " i would like to have a judgment-free-zone place where we can go -- all of us -- and we can all talk . " 
" the best way to improve yourself is to improve yourself . " 
rt “ don lemon said this . im just going to leave this here ” ht … 
" i'd probably be a writer like james baldwin . " 
rt for those looking for the link : 
my comment on doesn’t get offended via 
don lemon thinks he could be jesus christ q : that sound you hear when don lemon talking ? a : 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

mourners reflected in the bullet-pierced glass of le carillon in paris on tuesday 

french president françois hollande said he'll travel to washington next week to meet with president obama 

topping studies with a dollop of athletics at the culinary institute of america 
raw talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of americ ... 
great piece on our neighbors up the road by : raw talent and college sports mix at cia 
the fightin ' foodies ! 
the culinary institute of america has sports teams ?? 
rt . on america's most unlikey college athletics program : the one at the culinary institute of america https … 
yes , culinary institute of america has an athletic department : 
interesting read raw talent & college sports mix at culinary institute of america 
concession stand must be good talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of america 
at culinary institute , sports are a entity ware 
raw talent and college mix at culinary institute of america- nyt 
" a steel , as any chef knows but most college basketball fans do not , is a tool for sharpening knives . " 
our awesome athletes and our growing athletic program were featured in the new york times !... 
raw talent and college sports mix at the culinary institute of america 
any bets on this year's mixing bowl ? a look at the surprisingly good sports teams at culinary institute of america 
perfect for c.i.a. steels play by play : slicing and dicing ! shaking and baking ! dishing and swishing ! 
rt coachburns2 food and sports . why didn't i go here ? - raw talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of … 
go steels . 

nubia 1st baby to survive ebola having been born to infected mother 
" guinea , last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus " 
guinea , last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
rt nubia was born in an ebola unit to a mom who died after giving birth . “ she’s broken all records , this little girl " https … 
after nearly two years , guinea begins the countdown to the end of the epidemic : 
last nation w/ may soon be declared free of . 
hopefully there will be some positive news on the way : may soon be declared free . via 
soon to be declared free - 
for the first time since march 2014 , no one is known to have ebola . 
fingers crossed : last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
we deserve some good news ! last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 

electing to ignore the poorest of the - - 
rt believing the poor aren't exerting enough effort lets us ignore that almost 16m live in extreme poverty < $8.60 /day . http … 
in the us there's the deserving poor and the undeserving poor . we get to ignore those . my column 
16 million americans live on $8.60 or less a day . 
no other advanced nation tolerates this kind of deprivation of its citizens : read : via the new york times 
did you know that 16 million americans live on less than $9 a day ? why aren't we talking about this ? 
1 in 20 americans living on $8.60 or less per day 
16 million americans live on $8.60 pp/day for a family of 4 . prez candidates , where are you on this ? 
" by believing the poor are not exerting enough effort , we allow ourselves not to care " 
both republicans and democrats are ignoring the poorest americans 
rt almost 16 million americans live on some $8.60 a day or less . the latest column from … 
for decades , economic policy has shifted away from assisting the growing number of americans living in deep 
interesting perspective on how we view and address poverty from a policy standpoint 
with support in poor rural areas a smart move by conservatives would be to help those that help them into office . 
both parties appear to be ignoring the americans who need their attention most : the poorest of the poor 
ignoring the deeply , persistently poor : nearly 16 million americans still fall below 50 percent of the poverty line 
rt " witnessing the presidential debates , i am not optimistic that deep poverty is going to become anybody’s priority . " https :/ … 
important piece by on and government assistance ( or lack thereof ) . 
isn't it shameful that the u.s. , the world's richest country , still ignores the poorest populations ? via 
even after accounting for gov't assistance programs , nearly 16m americans still fall below 50% of the poverty line . 
but both parties [ ... are ] ignoring the americans who need their attention most : the deeply , persistently poor . 
but we can we elect to address poverty ! see 

in paris , mourning a father with the " charisma to be the lead singer " 
top mourning a father with the ‘ charisma to be the lead singer ’ - the ne … see more 
retweeted the new york times ( in paris , mourning a father with the " charisma to be the lead singer " ... 
nytimes : in paris , mourning a father with the " charisma to be the lead singer " 

rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attacks … 
police say target of raids was belgian suspect 
the paris prosecutor’s office said that the target of raids in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis was ... 
rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the at … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attac … 

why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 
nytimes : why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 

maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the bataclan concert hall 
remember maxime bouffard — via 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan mas … — via 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan massacre 

[ refugees across europe fear repercussions from paris attacks [ 
dating single refugees across europe fear repercussions from paris attacks : after fleei ... 
refugees fear repercussions isis responsible but who funds/enables isis and supports refugee hate ? 
refugees across europe fear repercussions from attacks - new york times : 
rt across europe fear repercussions from they flee same or actually much wors … 
across europe fear repercussions from they flee same or actually much worse violence 
across fear repercussions from 
after in fear growing suspicion of their hosts and hostility on the 
nytimes : refugees across europe fear repercussions from attacks 
rt across fear repercussions from paris attacks 
refugees fear repercussions i exist thanks to refugee asylum . urge yr governors to keep states open . ❤ ️ 
rt across europe fear repercussions from attacks make them feel safe at home https : … 

" ... a sprinter’s speed that , in such a big man , seemed unfair . " jonah lomu explained , by & for americans . 
jonah lomu , rugby superstar , dies at 40 
jonah lomu , superstar , dies at 40 : mr. lomu’s size , strength and speed made him a … 
thru the gift of transplant we at least had this champ for a few more years . lost a great one too young . 
the new york times obituary explains rugby and jonah to its audience ..... 
the nyt obituary for jonah lomu , a rugby superstar who died at 40 
mr. lomu’s size , strength and speed made him a nearly unstoppable scorer for the new zealand national team until a kidney disorder forced him into early retirement . 

" after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via " 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via nytopinion 

an african king in 
a simple , humble african king in bolivia 
features communities that are home to approximately 2% of uac-cp students . 
an african king in – marvelous , tragic photographs ... 
this modest monarch can trace his lineage to west africa , where his ancestor prince uchicho was enslaved in 1820 . 
an african king in lbolivia 
lost royalty ? 
how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia via 
new article in nytimes about the afro-bolivian king , julio pinedo ... 
just across from the touristic village of coroico , lives one of the remaining african kings !... 
rt jamesestrin : a simple , humble african king in bolivia nytimesphoto 
an african king and his wife , queen angelica , work in a small grocery store on the ground floor of their house in ... 
rt an african king in 

rt what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis … 
boingboing : rt nytimes : what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis … 

" in iceland , more books are read per person than anywhere else in the world " 
100% literacy & a country where children request books for christmas ! -literarytourexploresrichhistory 
in iceland , a literary tour explores rich history 
iceland , a nation of storytellers - " the gift most requested by children at christmas time is a book . " 
fascinating - iceland has more books published and more books read per person than anywhere else in the world 
is iceland the most well-read country ? according to it is . -- 
in iceland , the gift most requested by children at christmas time is a 
iceland , land of story tellers . is it to get your mind out of darkness when your surroundings are so very harsh 
in a tour explores rich history 
in a literary tour explores rich history 
with nearly a 100% literacy rate , and a population of about 320 , 000 , iceland has more books published and more ... 
rt read about the uniquely inspiring literature tour of … 
in territorial division , a literary abstract entity explores rich attribute 
is in iceland's dna - fascinating read 
take a literary tour of iceland in the then read & & & 
" in iceland there are no ruins ... so people think we evolved from cod . " 
" like the glaciers ... iceland is covered with thick layers of stories . " ( 1 in 10 icelanders will publish a book ! ) 
love the idea of scan codes on public benches to hear lit . literary tour explores rich history 
a tour in iceland where the most wished gift by children at christmas is a 

photos of the day 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 

to retool as 
rt gawker's rebooting as a political site , shifting celeb/pop culture news to jezebel , & folding io9 into gizmodo : … 
rt as gawker and its " journalists " enter their death spiral , we can only hope they take jezebel with them . … 
gawker will now focus on " political news , commentary and satire " inspired by crew p 
gawker is changing focus as part of a broad revamping , will now cover politics , not media 
. to " ride the circus of the 2016 campaign cycle to reorient [ to ] political [ content ] " 
gawker will retool as a politics site ahead of the 2016 election . 
gawker going purely political .... 
plans to shift its focus from media to politics . 
gawker will now become a political news site . via 
gawker to become even less relevant to nyc journalists than it used to be . whoopie . 
rt to as ' site ' ... 
rebooting as a politics site 
shuttering io9 ? changing focus to politics ? wtf is happening at gawker right now ? 
rt speaking of people who love to blow denton , why does the times always let his friend ravi publish these hand jobs ? https :/ … 
i don’t understand gawkers repositioning . if politics writing brought clicks , buzzfeed wouldn’t need animal gifs . 
rt gawker is going to become a politics site : 

the strategic limits of isis : 
how comes isis ' worst enemy is ... isis itself // 
olivier roy : " is its own worst enemy . " 
this is a great op/ed that explains the complexity of the middle east . 
rt " war is not won without infantry " , but " isis is its own worst enemy " - readissimo islam scholar olivier roy here : … 
excellent article on strategic limitations of 
rt the strategic limits of isis ( and everyone else ): 
the attacks in reveal the strategic limits of 
" the main actors in the middle east deem other enemies to be more important " 
rt nyt : regional players prioritize own interests over isis . turkey w/ pkk , kurds w/ autonomy+territory & saudis w/ iran https :/ … 
the in reveal the strategic limits of 
the attacks in paris reveal the great article ... strategic limits of isis : 
oh , the complex webs we weave . 
although i don't think writer meant piece this way , it's an excellent argument for not doing very much about isis 
interesting analysis of why isis haven't been any country's enemy ( till now ) 
" much like al qaeda , isis has no support among the muslim people living in europe . it recruits only at the margins . " 
solid analysis of isis by olivier roy for the new york times 
wanr some perspective on isis and how idiculoysly complex the situation is and why there re no simple answers ?... 
france is perhaps alone in wanting and trying to annihilate isis . 
globalized terrorism isno more effective , strategically , than conducting aerial bombings without forces onthe ground 

prices its i.p.o. at $9 
square scales back valuation by $3 billion 
square prices its ipo at $9 - new york times 
♻️ square prices its ipo at $9 - new york times googlenews 
ny times : the price of $9 a share is below the marketed range , a sign that the party for silicon valley may be ... 
leslie picker and mike isaac 
prices its at $9 ( market cap $2.9 billion ) , below $11-$13 price range announced earlier . 

paris attacks gave rise to fakes and misinformation 
rt a look at the altered images , bogus tweets and odd theories that spread across the internet after the paris attacks https : … 
rt fascinating read about misinformation in the aftermath of tragedies . 
paris attacks give rise to fakes and misinformation 
rumors , fake tweets , and a selfie of a canadian mistaken for a terrorist : beware of misinformation after big events 
not surprising : give rise to fakes and misinformation shared via social media via 
la razón's fake terrorist front page makes it into the new york times : 
give rise to fakes and misinformation , including mainstream media 
paris attacks give rise to misinfo 
people will share anything online in order to share something online . 
read when terror strikes , count on new york times spending its resources debunking and not investigating conspiracy . 
this is undeniably true that on the internet , there is always something surprises you yet it's fake . 
give rise to and | via by 
paris attacks give rise to fakes & | by 
a terrible part about the tragedies : people spreading harmful misinformation about the attacks , about innocents . 
please stop re-posting things you see on fb without checking them first . even the most benign posts can be ... 

security forces swarmed a paris suburb during an early-morning raid 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 
nytimes : morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 
charlie sheen : i paid blackmailers $10 million to keep quiet about my hiv . 
" “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen in an interview with matt lauer " 

after paris attacks , vilifying refugees : 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " important editorial : 
" confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
rt nyt editorial : " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " … 
editorial in the after paris attacks , vilifying 
building new barriers with the argument that muslims are inherently dangerous provides propaganda benefits to the is 
' confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable ' . interesting editorial : 
the fear mongering by some in this country is sickening . it's not who we should be . after paris , vilifying refugees 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " thank you https … 
after vilifying refugees 
after " confusing refugees w/terrorists is morally unacceptable and ... misguided " interesting piece . 
rt refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
refugees r often fleeing from violence : mt post , vilifying refugees 
rt after " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " timely editorial on opening up to refugees . https :/ … 
rt some refreshingly blunt words from editorial . 

why dr. parker is an abortion provider : " because i can ... because if i don’t , who will ? " 
why i provide abortions .... 
rt " when women have access to abortion , contraception & medically accurate sex education , they thrive . " … 
" i want for women a life of dignity , health , self-determination , and the opportunity to excel and contribute . " 
" a majority of pregnancies in the south are unintended . more than a quarter end in abortion . the rest are more ... 
rt powerful words from dr. willie parker on protecting women's right to dignity , health , self-determination , opportunity https : … 
" you have compassion for their suffering and you can relieve it . that , simply put , is why i provide care . " 
" our patients need us , and that’s what we are supposed to do : respond to our patients ’ needs . " 
doctor : gave up ob practice to provide services " because if i don’t , who will ? " 
97% of obstetrician/gynecologists encountered a patient seeking care , but only 14% provided the service . 
why travel long distances & risk personal safety to provide abortion care ? dr. willie parker explains 
rt " i want for women what i want for myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determination & the opportunity to excel . " … 
i went back home to alabama because women in the south are being denied the abortions that are their legal right . 
huge thank you for those who provide care is 
rt " we know that when women have access to abortion , contraception and medically accurate sex education , they thrive . " https : … 
rt the heroic dr. willie parker in today's new york times . 
interesting article about abortion 

facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

live coverage | german soccer match was canceled over ' concrete ' threat ... - new york times 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials said 
a soccer match between and the was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat : 

well : eye twitches 
what causes eye twitches ? 
ask ny times well blog : via 
eye twitches are often caused by stress , but involuntary eyelid spasms could be something more severe via 
this time of year we get more patients experiencing this common complaint . 
does your eye twitch ? read this to find out what causes it ! 
an answer to a common question ! 
what causes the eye to twitch ? via 
why is my eye twitching ? via 
choice tidbit like our facebook page ... it's an education ! 
i have always wondered about this ... 

strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results . 
strikes on in lead to more questions than results 
strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results - ( note the call to kill more civilians ) - 
strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results - new york times 
strikes on raqqa in lead to more questions than results - more " security theater " ... 
rt results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” - 30 hit mainly outskirts … 
french bombing missions strike nothing but empty buildings . lol ! 
on in lead to more than 
" why , if there's is targets that could be hit w/o killing civilians , weren't they hit long ago ? what was being hit ? " 
rt bombing for show ? us , syria , jordan , russia , now france : need revenge on isis ? drop a few bombs on raqqa ! syria https://… 
rt 1 . so if us can give france 10s of short-notice isis targets w/o killing civilians , why weren't they hit before ? … 
before every brit wets themselves in excitement over bombing isis in syria , it seems french airstrikes are for show . 
why , if there were targets that could be hit without killing civilians , were they not hit long ago ? 
strikes on raqqa in syria " targeting abandoned empty locations 
french airstrikes on mostly hit " abandoned empty locations " 
rt french airstrikes on raqqa in syria , very little tangible results : nyt -- anyone surprised ? 
rt 2 . and if not , then are they hitting civilians/accepting more risk of that ? or empty land/bldgs , bombing for show ? https :/ … 
rt the barrage of french airstrikes didn't kill civilians , mostly hit empty buildings . … 

charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep it secret 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret 
hello , my name is yvonne redmond . why is this such a big story ? people have been diagnosed with hiv for years . has t … 
rt we hope . announcement finally quiets tabloids . should not be stigmatized ! 
rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 
sad but not surprising given his lifestyle 
check out charlie sheen's interview on the today show this morning as he unveils secrets . 
commcore ceo speaks about the charlie sheen interview . 
rt sheen paid millions to keep hiv secret - like we'd be shocked to know drug use , prostitutes had led to bad things http … 
the actor said he had known about the diagnosis for about four years but did not know how he contracted the virus . a … 
rt charlie sheen says he has hiv and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret … 
rt charlie sheen said he paid people “ into the millions ” to stay quiet about his hiv diagnosis ht … 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " seriously ? sorry to say , but you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " really , mr. sheen ? you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
rt charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep his diagnosis secret 
charlie sheen's hiv status : cs says he paid mllions t keep it quiet puzzlng : have we moved on s/ ' 80s ? 
rt he felt like he needed to keep it a secret . we can end stigma together ! 
actor charlie sheen has confirmed that he is hiv positive : 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 

awakening to a raid upstairs , and explosions - new york times : abc newsawakening to a raid upstairs , and explo ... 

experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
very insightful article 
complex problem 
rt an absolute must-read on a1 tomorrow about where isis came from , what it wants , and how to destroy it : … 
this is savagery , not strategy : 
envisioning how global powers can smash isis 
rt too bad no woman has thoughts on https://… 
rt how to crush isis ? asks the experts . no consensus , but start with solution in syria … 
taking stock vs isis , experts recommend all the measures obama has rejected 
explain how can 
rt you know it's been a long week when the new york times has stopped capitalizing sentences . … 
provocative . isis can't be defeated w/o reformation of islam . muslims must offer an alternative vision 
rt experts explain how global powers can smash daesh via . & . 
stop bickering and fight the real enemy 
rt public has to see muslims as part of the solution to isis . https :/ … 
no clear strategy emerges ... " experts explain how global powers can smash 
rt everyone talks about eradicating tell us what it would take . … 
a thoughtful approach to the isis threat that calls for " free movement of people , labor and ideas . " 
experts can't agree on how to beat isis 
“' isis is tapping into a deep emotional wound amid arabs and muslims , ' said ed husain , a british activist and ... 
clearly multi pronged strategies will need to be deployed how global powers can smash isis 
experts explain how global powers can smash spoiler alert : lots of conflicting solutions 
overheated rhetoric doesn't respond to the profound problem of & 

isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian jet 
daesh claims this was the bomb that destroyed russian commercial passenger jet via 
isis shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet 
the ied says its militants used to take down the russian metrojet over egypt : 
isis shows off bomb it says downed russian jet 
rt isis photo of what they say is the ied that brought down the russian plane in the sinai : https :/ … 
shares image of it says brought down jet 
unbelievable ! check out the improvised explosive device used to bring down a russian airliner over the sinai ... 
how do y'all kno all of this i don't get it man smh 
rt isis brags about explosive that brought down russian jet 
shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet - the new york times 
and now you know why banned liquids . 
scary !!!! - 
rt in its magazine , is shows picture of what it claims is the type of schweppes soda can they used as an ied on plane https :/ … 
isis shares image of soda-can explosive it says brought down russian jet — via 
isis shows off bomb it says brought down jet 
shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet — 
whaaa ? that queazy feeling when the internets are being used by : isis sharing image of bomb on its on line magazine ! 
the manhunt for the paris attackers - the new york times - 
top story : retweets isis shares image of explosive that it … see more 
isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian … — via 
looks like clock boy has been at it again ... 
most surprising part of this is that isis has a " glossy online propaganda magazine " called dabiq : 
isis shows off it says brought down jet 

world briefing | europe ; ireland : first gay marriage is held 
first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
congrats to cormac gollogly & richard dowling , first couple to legally marry ! 
" ireland’s first same-sex marriage ceremony was held tuesday in county tipperary after the new marriage ... 
top story : retweets first same-sex marriage ceremony held i … see more 
first marriage held in 
marriage dreams coming true on the 
voters approved - here is the 1st ceremony . 
rt first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
first same-sex marriage in ireland today ! 
douglas dalby teaching things mum can't . 
lots of things are terrible , but this is not . the first same-sex marriage in ireland : 
first same-sex marriage ceremony in ireland 
[ josh and skinner sit down . ] josh , the language doesn't prohibit same-sex marriage . josh of course it does . 

rt how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 

bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo " 

nyt now : live updates on the terror attacks investigation 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of d … — via 
charlie hebdo : “ screw them . we have champagne . ” 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of defiance 
live updates on the terror attacks investigation – via 
how do folks feel about charlie hebdo's cover ? is it bold ? insensitive ? both ? i want to say both . 
les inrockuptibles , charlie hebdo and others remain defiant against extremism 
ahh i love the french so much . " they have weapons . screw them , we have champagne ! " 
. on the latest charlie hebdo cover , and the message of defiance in french media after 
cover junkie 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 

7 bryant park embraces its place in the city . 
7 bryant park embraces its place in city •go to for a great website with wise advice on life 
7 bryant park .... the newest office gem built thanks to the revival of bryant park 
two conclusions from this article : i need to visit 7 bryant park , and i need to read whatever harry cobb has written 

pop music might change , but adele doesn't . reviews her new album " 25 . " " 
pop music might change , but adele doesn't . joncaramanica reviews her new album " 25 . " 

" size and speed , jonah set new template in 
blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in rugby 
rugby lost a trailblazer when jonah lomu fell to kidney disease today at 40 . kia ora , mate . 

quote of the day 

students from colleges across the us share their stories of on campus 
on campus : stories from new york times readers 
nytimes reports on racial hate crime on campus -- a pocahottie costume . 
racism on campus : stories by new york times readers . people lacking social awareness , empathy , relationship skills . 
yes . racism on campus isn't always blatant 
new york times readers were invited to describe their encounters with discrimination on campus , and tell what ... 
nyt story about " racism " on a campus includes no examples of students being excluded from academic classes/programs 
racism on campus : stories from readers . journalism prof is featured 
" [ faculty and student body are very diverse ... that makes a difference to how minorities feel on campus . " 
shoutout to prof . tom costello . rt : racism on campus : stories from ny times readers 

what will it take to destroy isis ? experts from around the world weigh in . 

belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbeek 
top story : retweets police raid house in troubled brussels … see more 
top police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - the new york t … see more 
- police raid house in troubled neighborhood — 

britain calls for closing of coal-fired power plants by 2025 
nice to see a major conservative government commit to closing coal fired plants by 2025 . time for us to follow suit . 
<<< we'll follow them to but we won't follow their lead on action ! step up australia ! 
amazing . great britain plans on closing all coal-fired plants by 2025 . 
now that is a clean power plan ! way to go uk ! 
britain to close coal-fired power plants by 2025 
now the eastern coast of america should take note . actually we all should go solar america ... solar/stored energy ... 
britain calls for closing of all coal-fired power plants by 2025 
great news for planet earth - the first country to ever use coal for electricity has realised coal's days are ... 
i agree with to judge climate seriousness , look first at a country's approach to coal , not renewables 
britain is planning on closing all its plants by 2025 . 
britain calls for closing of power plants by 2025 . 
rt uk closing coal mines & plants ending coal-tech subsidies … 
britain among leaders in trying to reduce global carbon emissions . 
the uk will close all coal-fired power plants by 2025 ! next step : 
change : british government calls for closing of power plants by 2025 
‘‘ we ( britain ) will be one of the first developed countries to deliver on a commitment to take coal off the system . ” 

the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
great piece on the resilience of life in cheers from 
former muse educator & historian of on street life & how it will endure : 
the uncommon resilience of paris street life : 
the streetlife of the blocks where the paris attacks took place is resilient : they were as busy 100yrs ago as today 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
100-yr-old postcards of paris terror sites show same streets & storefronts , treasured because so inviting 
" people still go out b/c going out is something that paris invites us to do . " fantastic piece via 
rt wonderful article by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life 
it is good to know after the paris attacks that life will continue as it has for more than a century in the ... 
paris invites you 2 " explore , take wrong turns , fall in love , protest & have a drink in the same places others have " 
" people still go out because going out is something that paris invites us to do . " vintage snaps of the 10e : 

an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead ( 
rt the chief suspect in the paris attacks was wanted dead by his own family . 
chief suspect is an isis militant whose own family wished him dead 
1st thing to know about abaaoud , mastermind of his own family want him dead . 
rt first thing to know about abdelhamid abaaoud , target of this morning's paris raid : his own family wants him dead . https : … 
rt man from who's own family want him dead 
many belgian muslims r of moroccan origin & speak a dialect found in e similar to a libyan dialect 
social networks , not communities , are often key in radicalizing and empowering those who carry out 
rt isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead how many isis were raise in belgium … 
isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead how many isis were raise in belgium ? brussels is marred ! 
rt the leader of the lived a pretty cushy life . he wasn't poor , uneducated , aggrieved etc … 
rt isis militant his own family wanted him dead by andrew higgins & 
anyone want to do the honors . 
1/2 nyt reporting on paris attacks plotter abdelhamid abaaoud's links with al-battar battalion in syria . 
rt attacker an militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 

charlie hebdo's latest cover offers a message of defiance 

ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
his 4 top advisors quit the campaign . they couldn't make him smart ! can't do the job ! 
“ nobody has been able to sit down with him and have him get one iota of intelligent information about the middle ... 
rt the fact that this carson adviser tells the nyt this on the record just blows my mind ... https :/ … 
the link : 
ben is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
rt this is one of ben carson's top advisors : 
rt wait . dewey clarridge ( ex-cia ) is a " top advisor " to carson ?? carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy … 
rt correction : carson aides say he needs weekly foreign policy briefings to " make him smart " ; didn't say he'd had them https : … 
rt remarkable nyt story by trip gabriel . a top advisor to ben carson says he can't grasp mideast issues . 
rt this new york times article says that ben carson is struggling 2 grasp foreign policy not qualified 2 be president htt … 
aides agree : carson struggles on foreign policy 
' raises the question of what just kind of people are pulling carson’s puppet strings & why ' 
rt this quite a shot at carson from his own adviser 
* face/palm * every time this guy opens his mouth , he gets less and less presidential . 
rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy -- and that's what his own aides say ! 
rt wow . this quote about ben carson is not from a rival campaign , but his own adviser … 
rt nice little grace note here : the iran-contra alum who advises ben carson on nat sec calls the russians " soviets " : … 
ben carson's advisors say he is having difficult time understanding foreign policy 
he apparently got it from an freelance operative . 
big roadblock for he needs to bone up on communicating sound foreign policy . nyt article explains 
not an entry-level position ! is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
rt shorter extempers have a better grasp of foreign policy than 
for the foreign policy may just be too much for him to handle . 
rt one of ben carson's foreign policy advisers said what ? 
in which carson's campaign throws one of its senior intelligence advisors under the bus for admitting he's clueless 
rt this is carson's own advisor , on the record . 
rt fascinatingly indirect way of reporting that man running for president and leading in some polls doesn't know shit . https … 
struggling2grasp foreign policy luv the campaign contradicting itself . but do the care ? 
his own paid advisers are selling him out - to america's benefit . 
he's struggling to locate new england . here's a hint , doc - it's not in england . which is a whole ' nother ... 

isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " 
rt isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " … 

rt this 3-week-old girl is the last known ebola patient in active treatment in the world … 

rt best correction ever ? 
review : adele holds firm on ‘ 25 , ’ even as pop shifts 
rt adele’s “ 25 ” has one transcendent , face-melting song , a bunch of good ones , and one by tobias jesso jr. … 
review : adele holds firm on ‘ 25 , ’ even as pop shifts - the new york times 
rt correction of the day 
review : holds firm on ‘ 25 , ’ even as pop shifts : 
weighs in on adele's 25 , out 11/20 
rt excellent nyt correction , via 
sometimes i feel like makes mistakes just so it can have fun correcting them 
really though , friday can't come soon enough . cc : 
" she renders the most acute pain with severe clarity and composure . " via 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
“ i know it’s pathetic , but this was one of the things that allowed me to try to keep some hope , ” he said . 
nytimes : he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped … 
escaping the bataclan with a bloodied drumstick — via 

we’re living longer . that’s great , except for social security . 
. on how can accommodate more americans retiring but living longer lives 
this is an interesting look at what social security is facing , with some solutions that need to be considered . 
here is an interesting look at where we are and what we can do to fix the problem social security is facing . 
we live longer . that's great , except for social security : fix ss by taking more money in & sending less out ( nyt ) 
we’re living longer . that’s great , except for via 
despite the political challenges , fixing social security is rather simple : take more money in , send less money out … 
not sexy , but can't be ignored in any election cycle . 
we're living longer . that's great , except for social security . 
social security tinkering to make it work for our grandkids . 
by the numbers : we’re longer . that’s great , except for 
very clear take on security from via 

the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to residents and commuters 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
top story : retweets paris : updates on the terror attacks - … see more 

early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening 
studies find declines in screening and early detection of prostate cancer 
according to two recent studies published in the journal of the american medical association , fewer men are being ... 
psa isn't perfect but we can be smarter about using it , vanderbilt's david penson tells 
rt studies find prostate screening , early detection declines . 220k new cases expected in ' 15 https : … 
how can we lower the cost of medical care ? screen fewer men for prostate cancer , and discover fewer cases . brilliant 
early cases fall along with 
here's exactly why men should be screened for prostate cancer - early detection ! 
. reports : fewer men screened for prostate and fewer early-stage cases detected . 
early cancer cases fall along with 
rt studies find declines in screening and early detection of via - 
dave penson gives great interview in nyt on prostate cancer screening 
rt fewer men get screened for prostate cancer , and fewer cases are being found . is this good or bad ? time will tell . https : … 
early prostate cases fall along with screening 
“ with psa testing , we often detect cancers that don’t need to be treated " prostate advice put in doubt by new study 
less screening & less early detection of prostate cancer : declines could have public health implications ( nyt ) 
why significant , concerning that early stage prostate cancer cases are falling as screening drops ? that's the point 

the band eagles of death metal makes a statement on the paris attacks . read it in full : 
nuff said ⚡ 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
" heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid " fails 
rt french police raid targets mastermind … 
french police raid targets mastermind 🇫🇷 

france unsure if raid killed top suspect ... 
rt france unsure if raid killed top suspect ... 
rt woman in explosive vest among 3 killed in police raid ... 
french don't know if they got mastermind yet . 
" george bush cr8d largest terrorist factory in the world when he invaded iraq , defeated then disbanded iraqi army .. " 
like typical opportunistic power-grabbing tyrant , hollande wants sweeping new authority 2 restrict citizens ' liberty 
the raid was the most spectacular of an aggressive counterterrorism campaign the french govt has been conducting 
rt breaking news : two people died in a raid near paris , including one who blew herself up , and the police arrested 7 … 
france unsure if raid killed top suspect in paris - the new york times 
rt links(pt 2 ): isis attacks : -paris timeline : -paris suspects : -beirut : htt … 
rt if raid top suspect ... 
nytimes : unsure if raid killed top suspect in paris attacks 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 

senate votes to block obama’s climate change rules 
rt rejects epa regs , but lacks veto-proof supermajority 
senate blocks obama's climate change rules - 
stand w/ as he defends our against yesterday's senate vote to dismantle 
stand with barack obama as he defends our against yesterday's senate vote to dismantle 
rt senate blocks obama’s rules - obama has promised a veto 
10 more democratic senators would make all the difference ... vote blue and vote mid-term elections !! " the senate ... 
while american's were distracted , the senate blocked new climate change regulations . 
senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
senate blocks obama's rules - 
rt breaking : " hoping to undermine his negotiating authority " , senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
rt senate votes to bury heads deeper in the sand on reveals depth of allegiance to fossil fuel industry … 
shameful and insane --> related : 
yesterday , the senate voted to repeal the thankfully , promised to veto and 
yesterday , senate voted to block centerpiece of policy 
rt senate blocks obama’s climate change rules : nyt evil anti-science haters … 
the republican senate blocking solutions to climate change . not surprising , yet still a disgrace . 
rt the senate blocks president obama’s climate change rules . via … 
senate votes to block cc 
thank you senator ayotte of new hampshire 
senate votes to block climate change rules 

watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terror attacks . 
watch live : obama holds news conference 
watching live @ notre dame cathedral in paris , a memorial service 
live now . 
watch live : memorial service at cathedral of notre-dame 
paris under siege -- watch live here 
watch live : attacks in paris - the new york times 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 
an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead - the new york times 
live coverage : paris attacks 
updates on the 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
we should not give the gift of hate via 
the raid is over , but residents are advised to stay put . see all updates on our live blog : 
eddie 

nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 
nytimes : nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 

rt if you agree : refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 
international relations stories u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned … see more 
u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats ’ 
" many are fleeing extremism and terrorism – from the very people associated with the paris attacks . " 
it breaks my heart that the even has to make this statement : " refugees should not be scapegoats , " via 
live coverage | un agency says refugees should not be turned into ' scapegoats ' - new york times 
refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats’! unhcr statement says it all : 

your tuesday briefing 
your tuesday briefing - the new york times 
start your day with : " your via 
your briefing 

race 
: well , looks like in the long-run kong trump has shaken another one off the log , see ya , wouldn't wanna be ya !... 
might be an unpopular view but if we're talking lesser of evils in the gop race , jindal was one . 
not his time , i agree . 
if it's ever bobby jindal's time it will be my time to leave the country 
bobby jindal quits repub presidential race wrecking ball bobby throws in the towel ... and leaves the demolition site 
jindal asked his supporters to move to mike huckabee . that should move mike to double digits ... 17 total supporters ... 
piyush , what took you so long ? quits republican presidential race 
famous last words : " we spent a lot of time developing detailed policy papers . " ( louisiana governor bobby jindal ) 
rt race 
“ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time , ” - drops out via 
now what am i supposed to do with all of these red and green " jindal all the way ! " sweaters ? 
rt days before the vitter-edwards vote , jindal drops out 
rt a bit more , with on the rise and fall of jindal > 
nytimes : jindal drops bid for the republican nomination one more drops out . who's next ? 

our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
rt rt nytimes : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of … 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate " there is hope 

i love brussels sprouts and these sliders look yummy . 
brussels sprouts sliders 
looking for a side dish or appetizer for the vegetarians at your celebration ? 

what travelers can expect in paris 

rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in the french national police said . … 
diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in st. -denis 
heroes come in all shapes and sizes . thank you for your bravery , diesel . 
this just destroys me , zero respect for any life . send isis to hell . via nytimesworld 
diesel , police dog , killed in raid on terrorists , which may included female suicide bomber 
rt a police dog named diesel died in st. -denis raid 
retweeted new york times world ( diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in ... 

love brussels sprouts ? we have an idea for you . 

the cult of the toto toilet 
" the cult of the toto toilet " think you can relate . 
nytimes : the cult of the toto toilet 

rt two of ben carson's top advisers say he's struggling to grasp foreign policy 
we can't be experts in everything . i can't perform brain surgery , but i wouldn't attempt it . 

