the 911 system isn’t ready for the iphone era 
the 911 system duterte has the latest emergency 911 system just ike usa but why ph so behind . 
the system isn’t ready for the era 
great piece by tom wheeler fcc chairman on how we need to improve our 911 infrastructure . 
recognizes the power and the need of 911 to fully make use of this next-generation technology 
an educational opinion article from tom wheeler , chairperson of the fcc on next generation 911 ... 
the 911 system is not ready for the iphone era 
rt in op-ed , fcc's wheeler calls for federal funding to help 911 centers upgrade to handle texts , photos … 
mt 911 emergency system established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more at 10/11c . 
rt the 911 emergency system was established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more a … 
the 911 emergency system was established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more at 10/11c . 
. chairman tom wheeler calls on congress to help states update an antiquated 911 system : 
" 911 handle about 240 million calls a year [ .. ] but many local 911 call centers can’t receive a text , photo or video " 
911 isn't fully ready for what the world expects , is it ? nena - national emergency number association's oped ... 
the 911 system isn't ready for the iphone era - new york times 
the 911 system isn’t ready for the internet era 
fcc chairman , tom wheeler , wrote a great ' plain english ' op-ed about the next years ahead for 9-1-1 . today in the ne … 
i like this idea very much : the 911 system isn’t ready ... 
opinion | the 911 system isn’t ready for the era - the new york times 
the system isn’t ready for the iphone era 
very important read : 
article from the 911 system isn’t ready for the era 
nyt op ed by on ( spoiler alert ! he's for it . ) 
" many local 911 call centers can’t receive a text , photo or video from a person in need " 
this is a big reason why nys ought to be returning more of the 911phone surcharge funds back to local government . 
we're working to bring next generation 911 solutions like tex t-t o-911 to our community , but we're not there yet .... 
rt the 911 system isn’t ready for the era 
so true : 911 system isn't ready for the smartphone era : 

i bet feels weird about this basketball ballet article . that's the quote this article is missing . 
the artistry of stephen curry 
rt as we settle in for a blowout , i talked to ballet dancers about steph curry : 
love the use of video in the article on the artistry of 
" steph curry , artist : " 
rhythmic dribbling via --> basketball as ballet ( as played by curry ) 
what every basketball player dreams of tbh . 
the artistry of 💃🏀 
oh , i totally believe that steph curry could be a ballet dancer 
. artistry on basketball court , bravos from ballet world 
not sure which is more amazing : basketball being critiqued the ballet , or the warriors featured in the nytimes .... 
this is so new york times ... " the warriors guard’s grace on the court draws bravos from the world of ballet " 
rt on a1 tomorrow : as prep to play for 16-0 start , read on curry as ballet artist : https :/ … 

pasta with fried lemons and chile flakes 
pasta with fried lemons and chile flakes i am to lazy to cook this . so you can make it 

britain to close its coal-fired power stations by 2025 

is changing its focus 
nytimes : is changing its focus 

at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court 
rt cravefornews at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court … 
rt rt nytimes : at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the … 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 
nytimesarts : rt nytimes : must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . … 

diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to the dismay of some 
a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid - the new york times 
a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid — via 
rt more about diesel , the french police dog killed during a counterterrorism raid outside of paris 
rt a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid — 
rest in peace , diesel , hero french dog of st. denis . 
isaranjuez : rt nytimes : diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to … 
nytimes : diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to the dismay of … 

french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking the public not to publicize the locations 
don't publicize police action on social media , say french police , it impedes operations 
french police ask people not to share locations of nationwide checkpoints they set up : 
🇺🇸 french police set up checkpoints all over france , but asking the public not to publicize the locations ( ny times ) 

town of kobani , scarred by isis , strives to rebuild 
kobani man on brutal occupation : “ they didn’t leave us anything . not our sons , our money , our homes . ” 
. kobani , syria , now free from strives to rebuild . 
many of schools are damaged , but a number of them reopened last month . 
rt kobani , syria , is trying now to overcome the deep scars of war and rebuild 
" a bereaved mother walks through the mud , screaming and yanking tufts of gray hair from her head . " in kobani 
local leaders form kobani reconstruction board solicit aid & rebuild town now free from 
" all the world is full of suffering . it is also full of overcoming . " -helen keller 
town of scarred by strives to rebuild - 
this article about the town of kobani , syria is haunting 
rt story today by from kobani , syria 
“ destruction comes quickly .. but building takes time . ” syrian town strives to rebuild 
syria , is trying now to overcome the deep scars of war + rebuild 
rt reconstructing kobani : the early grades now use new kurdish textbooks instead of the syrian govt’s arabic curriculum https :/ … 
nearly 12 million syrians have been " displaced " by the civil war , over 4 million outside syria . here's why . 

on ‘ 25 ’ : song by song 
adele on ' 25 ' : song by song - new york times : adele on ' 25 ' : song by song new york times adele's “ 25 ” is easily … 

for market debut , square scales back valuation by $3 billion - 
what is driving the private & public valuation arbitrage ? 
rt square prices its i.p.o. at $9 : the price of $9 a share is below the marketed range , a sign that the party for ... … 
rt all this valuation/ratchet talk ! the entire dilution is $87m , or 3% . it's really nbd . … 
for its i.p.o. , square scales back valuation by $3 billion 
for its scales back by $3 billion 
current unicorn valuations create ipo overhang for two decades 
happy holiday season ! quinn records tm top-10 song chart for friday november 20 , 2015 is posted … 
" square " scales back says ... 
for its ipo , square scales back valuation by $3 billion 
for market debut , square scales back valuation by billion - new york times 
for its i.p.o. , scales back valuation by $3 billion 
for its scales back valuation by $3 billion 
whatever the share price , today's ipo is a big day for and and their plans : 
square's ipo on the nyse was $3-billion less than its valuation last year - via 
square prices its ipo at $9 ; do you guys anticipate buying any shares ? 
weakening ipo market for tech : square prices its i.p.o. at $9 
top news square prices its i.p.o. at $9 , lower than hoped see more 
top story : square prices its i.p.o. at $9 , lower than hoped see more 
update : square prices its i.p.o. at $9 , lower than hoped see more 
. scales back ipo to $3b , opens on nyse at $11.20 per share : via 
for its i.p.o. , stock priced at $9 , will it be $5 by christmas ? 
a market correction for valuing " unicorns ? " square ipo's at $9/share , less than $11-13 sought 
hope is not a strategy , real companies make money . square scales back valuation by $3 billion 
double bummer : 1 ) downsized round 2 ) below filing range . here's hoping post ipo trading goes well . 
from nytimes : for its square scales back by $3 billion : … 
square " only " got a $2.9 b valuation . for perspective : same valuation as bank of hawaii , founded-1897 . square-2009 . 

witnesses describe raid in st. -denis via 
the scene at paris raid looks like from john woo's film : gun battling while pigeon flying 
witness describes raid in st. -denis 
security forces swarm paris suburb via 

france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees 
france still planning to accept 30,000 fefugees , hollande says 
still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says fantastic attitude ! via nytimesworld 
yes ! france still plans to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
still planning to accept 30,000 hollande says - the new york times oldest 
rt american politicians should draw a lesson from hollande instead of pandering to fear via nytime … 
rt france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
rt “ the people running from iraq and syria are attacked by the very same people who attacked us . ” … 
still plans to take 30k thoroughly to ensure they do not pose a threat 
watch the uppercut . i think this fact alone derails any argument of americans denying access to refugees . 
the french always make the us look bad and we've always made fun of them . here they go again . s/ 
france still planning to accept 30,000 hollande says 
isis , you just lost this battle >>> vive la france ! 
live and learn .. 
. do some research b4 spewing ignorance 
now those are some humanitarian balls . france accepting 30k refugees . can we do more than 10k , ? 
by not giving in to misguided fear , is standing with france . 
vive la refuge : french pres hollande says his country will still accept 30,000 syrian refugees in the next 2 years . 
rt all the american policy makers talking about not accepting syrian refugees - seriously , gfy . 
the moral thing to do . never again . 
still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
ummmmm ( but good news that france will continue to accept refugees ) 
btw even after attacks , france still accepting 30k refugees . here in the us ... only fear . 
they must be super scary people . 
glad to hear innocent refugees won't be penalized for violence committed by the people they are fleeing from 
france will lead by example and take in the 30,000 syrian refugees it said it would before last friday's attack 

why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 
nytimes : why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 

mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ... 
mayor bill de blasio and commissioner tell new york city to ignore new isis 
mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city t … — via 
bill de blasio tells new york to ignore terror threats and to not be intimidated 
new york officials say to ignore new isis video threatening city 
don't think ignoring malicious intentions accomplishes much : & police commissioner tell t … — 
" fear is the oxygen of terrorism . " bill bratton on isis video featuring nyc . 
“ fear is the oxygen of terrorism " & via 
so live in fear otherwise , give up all privacy rights , but nevermind this video — 
“ celebrate , be aware , but do not be afraid . the n.y.p.d. will protect you , ” — via 
nothing to see here .... de blasio/commissioner tell new york city ignore isis video … — via 
de blasio , police commissioner tell nyc to ignore isis video that hints at manhattan attacks 
this makes me worry : mayor de blasio says don't worry about isis 
mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ignore new isis video . is that irresponsible ... 
mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ignore new … 
puts all ny'ers in jeapordy lying about terrorism threat : " tell new york city to ignore new video " 
comrade mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ignore new isis video 
mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ignore new i via 
breaking : mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ignore new ...... 
[ all news ] | mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ignore new ..... |via google news 
“ fear is the oxygen of terrorism . what they’re trying to do is pump much more oxygen into the system . ” 
with isis threat for jihad in new york city , nypd's bill bratton tells people - be aware - not afraid . 

what woodrow wilson cost my grandfather 
sad is a profound understatement . ww's actions -not just the glorious/well-published ones - were impactful 
rt nice to see the consensus finally emerge that woodrow wilson was an awful president -- and a worse human being . … 
rt was not just but a 
" woodrow wilson was not just a racist . he believed in white supremacy as government policy " 
here's an interesting nyt article on the racism of woodrow wilson . it's clearly time to confront his real legacy . 
time for a name change : 
the racist side of woodrow wilson had its effects most likely it still does . that’s the problem with racist ... 
susie bright " " i like it when people get personal about the consequences of public policy prejudice . look at what ... 
woodrow wilson was racist & students want his name removed campus buildings 
" wilson was not just a racist . he believed in white supremacy as government policy , so much so that he reversed ... 
as a friend of mine pointed out , this is how the government systematically increased the wealth of white people ... 
as a former fellow whose family has been in dc since the post civil war 1800s this is thought provoking 

breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest 
" breast-feeding forces the breasts to finally grow up and get a job , and stop fooling around . " 
well : is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest 
another win for breastfeeding ! not that we needed more convincing that bf is where its at ! via 
is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest via 
breast is best -- for mom , studies suggest 
supports more leave time after birth , paid or unpaid | breast-feeding good for mothers , not just babies , 
" one study found that breast-feeding may help protect women from a particularly vicious type of breast cancer .... 
rt breastfeeding is good for mothers , not just babies , kaiser permanente study suggests 
we're excited to see others are catching on . breastfeeding is a win-win ! 
breast is best for baby , and mom ? rt breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies : 
is not only beneficial to babies , but to mothers as well . via 
breast-feeding can protect moms from and study finds . 
rt more good news about the preventive benefits of for women : 
rt " some scientists have started referring to breast-feeding as the “ fourth trimester ” of pregnancy that completes ... http … 
provides anti- and benefits to mother - 
study : is good for mothers , not just studies suggest 
rt breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies ... vía 
studies are proving all kinds of ways that breastfeeding helps mommies , not just babies , in all kinds of ways . 
rt is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest 
breast feeding good for mothers , not just babies . " it's a win-win , " prof eleanor schwarz says 
from our fb : 
is good for mothers - not just babies - studies suggest : update 
is good for mothers , not just via 
new studies shed light on even more health benefits for moms who breastfeed . 

:: takata said to have manipulated testing data for troubled airbag inflaters 
another day , another in the auto industry - via 
as early as 2000 , takata is said to have manipulated test results on airbag inflaters . 
as early as 2000 , the japanese auto supplier takata manipulated test results on airbag inflaters , according to a ... 
rt as early as 2000 , takata is said to have manipulated test results on airbag inflaters . 

demonstrators in minneapolis after 5 people were shot at a protest . more photos of the day 
rt photos of the day 
rt demonstrators in minneapolis after 5 people were shot at a protest . more photos of the day … 
rt under the light of the moon , refugees walked to a camp to register in macedonia … 
demonstrators in minneapolis after 5 people were shot at a protest . photos uptown radio 

twitter cats to the rescue in brussels lockdown 
rt twitter cats to the rescue in brussels lockdown 
check out this article . 
twitter cats to the rescue in brussels lockdown 🙀😾😼 
rt this is maartje , a cat from ghent , belgium . she will not be intimidated . https://… 
twitter to the rescue in - 
the terror attacks in paris resulted in brussels locking down while searching for those involved . while stuck at ... 
another example of how our 4 legged friends are welcomed distractions during these tumultuous times ! 
twitter cats bring much needed levity to lockdown . police response is ... satisfying 
rt i have new found love + appreciation for belgians as they fight terror w/ cats 
this is great . cats to the rescue . 
rt check out cats to the rescue in brussels : … 
twitter cats to the rescue in < this deserves a second tweet . cats rule ! 
rt of all the belgium lockdown twitter cats this may be my favorite . story here : … 
belgium , the country of waffles , chocolate and now cat memes . i wouldn't have wanted to study abroad anywhere else 
twitter cats add levity to brussels lockdown 
twitter cats to the rescue in and they got 9 lives to keep it going ! 
good call ! 
rt my cat , i repeat , my cat , made it to the new york times . and she will noty be intimidated ! … 
police : please don't tweet our location . belgians : cats . 

what century-old photos from the sites of the paris attacks tell us about france's capital 

" in mexico , mennonite farmers struggle with water shortage " 
stunning photos from of mennonites in mexico . 
beautiful photos about a world i never knew existed in mexico . " mexico , mennonite farmers struggle w/water shortage " 
rt davidfurstnyt : stunning photos from berehulak of mennonites in mexico . 
incredible photos by daniel berehulak looking at mennonite farmers in mexico 
meanwhile ... underground reservoirs have been drained by thirsty crops , like corn , that are the mainstay of the … 
unknown author teaching things mum can't . 

chicago braces after video of police shooting is released 
rt breaking news : with chicago set to release video of a black youth’s death , a police officer was charged with murder … 
chicago officials release video in shooting of black teenager 
breaking news : chicago officials have released a video showing the fatal shooting of a black teenager by an officer 
will we see any charges against other officers who lied on report or suppressed video ? 
16 round capacity . 16 direct hits over ~ 16 seconds . 0 provocation . 
- death penalty is too good for this piece of shit . hope he gets live in gen pop . guess not 
what about the story ... chicago is overwhelmed by grief after police murder of 17 year old 
chicago braces after ' chilling ' video of police shooting is released 
chicago officer charged in death of black teenager 
top story : chicago officer charged in death of black teenager see more 
braces after of is released 
" feared for his safety " -- the most disgusted phrase used to justify shooting black boys & men simply for existing 
chicago officials appeal for calm after release of video of police shooting 
a nightmare on any street . shots 
new footage of the officer shooting a teen in 2014 has been released 
more insanity in another shooting via 
don't even think of making excuses for the heinous murder of 
rt " he fired for 14 or 15 seconds . for 13 of those seconds , mr. delaney said , mr. mcdonald was already on the ground " https :/ … 
i wonder what some rifle folks have to say mt 16 round capacity . 16 direct hits over ~ 16s . 0 provocation . 
video of teen shot by police released 
rt braces after video of is released : via 

is likely responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria 
rt the tragedy in paris is just one of many isis attacks on innocent civilians . has a timeline worth reading : http … 
rt france is taking action against isil . time for to implement to keep america and our allies safe . ht … 
may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
rt we must implement to stop the spread of these terrorists . 
rt interactive map showing attacks around the world via -- 
visualizations | global distribution and timelines of attacks linked to or inspired by isis : 
list of isis atracks 
the inconvenient truth about " containing " isis : 
it's coming to a city near you : 
there are two countries in world which are directly responsible for the murderous butcher's support , and ... 
good graphics show seriously targeted . isis likely responsible for nearly 1,000 deaths outside iraq/syria 
yes but why mostly n meast/n africa rt isis is likely responsible 4nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside 
is likely responsible for nearly 1k civilian deaths outside & as a result of signature brutality 
1,000 civilians killed can ( some indirectly ) be linked to isis 
rt the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 
rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 
rt if isis is behind the it would be a major leap in the group’s abilities . … 
where isis has directed and inspired attacks around the world 
rt thx for your point of view have u seen post and … 
isis said to be responsible for almost 1,000 deaths outside of syria and iraq , 
daesh terror accounts geographically and timewise . interesting summary and trends . 
rt where in the world is isis : a map of directed and inspired attacks . 

" ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations " 
rt poor baby thinks it's the media's fault he's dumb . ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations https : … 
the vulgar , personal attacks are actually ben carson quotes : supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations 
ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks on his absurdist lies in seeking donations via 
who chairs the ben carson-aligned superpac ? john philip sousa iv 
first draft : ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donation ... 
first draft : ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar’… 

france-england game is a friendly in every sense of the word 
" one of the great joys in soccer is its vocabulary . " 
in light of the tragedy in paris , everyone came together during the france/england game 
op-ed : < /span > explaining terror to children 
last night's france vs . england redefined the meaning of a football ( soccer ) ' friendly ' 
followers that love soccer , this is worth time about the france-england friendly and what it means : 
“ la marseillaise ” during the friendly was uplifting to hear beyond any measure 
game is a in every sense of the word 
this france-england friendly game meant nothing , but nothing felt like everything . 
sometimes a friendly is just that . on england-france , which meant nothing but felt like everything . 
" the players had a duty to show the unstoppable tumble that is being alive . " 
friendly steeped in fraternity . all wembley sings “ la marseillaise ” at france-england match . sniff , 
this // normally , the visiting team’s anthem would be played first ; on this night , “ la marseillaise ” was played last 
france-england game was a friendly in every sense of the word 
lovely match report on a " friendly " between france and england 
lovely , lovely match report on france-england " friendly " 
france receives a friendly embrace in england 

reviewed after 
" the biggest sporting venues may have to adopt security setups similar to those at airports " 
piece on the of sporting event security after paris terror attacks 
great summary by on the heightened security protocols at sporting events all over the world post-paris 
stadiums , arena security are being reviewed after the paris terror attacks : 
ceo of brc , quoted in today's on stadium security after the paris terror attacks 
patrick j . brosnan , a counter-terrorism analyst and the ceo of brosnan risk consultants , is quoted in todays new ... 
in madrid on saturday , they will even search fans ' sandwiches . on stadium security after paris attacks . 
1,400 private security workers would be used to reinforce a police force of at least 1,000 officers for el clásico 

rt if attack was in error , why did they keep firing at msf hospital for over an hour ? … 
@ msf human error cited in u.s. strike on kunduz hospital i have a bridge for sale in brooklyn , any one interested ? 
rt pre-release , us “ officials " talk to about hospital bombing report … 
compounding errors of judgement cited in u.s. airstrike on doctors without borders hospital 
errors cited in u.s. airstrike on doctors without borders hospital 
rt what the hell ? ac-130 gunship ... intended to target an entirely different compound several hundred feet away http … 
multiple errors cited airstrike on doctors without borders hospital yeah big mistake + huge bullshit 
rt multiple errors cited in u.s. airstrike on a doctors without borders hospital in afghanistan https … 
military took a lot of time to come up with a completely bullshit explanation why it hit hospital 
multiple errors airstrike 
multiple errors cited in us airstrike on doctors without borders hospital - 
buried news re . strike on hospital : 
errors cited in u.s. airstrike on msf hospital - wait for it ; all just an honest mistake , we're very sorry ! smh 
rt us inquiry into msf kunduz bombing finds multiple errors , still doesn't explain 75 mins of attacks . 
rt " a mistake is quite hard to understand and believe at this stage . " 
msf kunduz hospital attack : us will go with a ' mistake ' defence - not very credible 
to reiterate : gunship weapons are ( usually - some exceptions ) visually directed . 
only an indep investigation will have credibility for this u.s. airstrike on doctors without borders hospital 

getting ugly produce onto tables so it stays out of trash 
" real food has curves " - inspiration , how to promote imperfect fruit and vegetables 
❤ ️ that was featured in the hooray for eliminating 
cook up some this thanksgiving ! 
getting ugly produce onto the dinner table - story by featuring 
getting ugly onto tables so it stays out of trash 
getting ugly onto tables so it stays out of trash via haroldlgardner 
real women have curves , and so do real produce . or so says this san francisco start-up . 
why using this is only the beginning of tackling via 
we love this ! 
getting onto tables so it stays out of trash are still 
food and travel top story : getting ugly produce onto tables so it stays out of … see more 
food and wine top story : getting ugly produce onto tables so it stays out of tr … see more 
for when you don't carrot it looks like . 
shout out to my friend who just wrote a great book about how to have a waste free kitchen . nice reference … 
ugly produce costs less and reduces food waste ! 
eclatsdenoix981 : gyromitre : rt cathyerway : anyone who's ever instagrammed a two-legged carrot ... keep doing that ! … 
rt edible , but ugly did u see ? in today ! go ug … 
great piece on and the new ugly produce trend 
anyone who's ever instagrammed a two-legged carrot ... keep doing that ! on ugly veg w 
gyromitre : rt cathyerway : anyone who's ever instagrammed a two-legged carrot ... keep doing that ! on ugly veg nytim … 
ending discrimination against imperfect fruits and vegetables ! 
would you eat ugly produce ? via 
american wasteland's jonathan bloom on making use of ugly produce , via 
edible , but ugly did u see ? in today ! go uglyfood !!! 

rt breaking news : french officials are seeking a belgian who has fought for isis as the mastermind of the paris attacks … 
call to arms in france amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
rt it is critical that " war " on does not subvert democracy or become a crusade against muslims . … 
one paris attacker entered europe in wave of migrants , officials confirm - new york times 
belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack , official says - new york times 
abaaoud was already a suspect in a failed jan plot in belgium & aug plot 2 shoot passengers on paris-brussels train 
abdelhamid abaaoud was already wanted for a terrorist plot that was foiled in january . the fren .. 
rt false reports of gunfire during vigil highlights the anxiety in paris . more news here : … 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspects 
rt belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack 
raid brussels area in search for terror suspect 
french version of usa patriot act “ … called on monday for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists . " 
the world salutes the french victims but nothing on the russian victims of the plane : double standard ... 
rt next you'll tell me this man isn't really belgian https : … 
paris attacks plotted by belgian who fought for isis , french officials say 
so this sounds like the setup to something like l'acte de patriote 
nyt : president hollande calls for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists at home , 
on-the-run paris suspect salah abdeslam was stopped by the french police on saturday but was let go when his paper … 
hacker news - french president hollande seeks to amend constitution 
hollande seeks new legislation that would create more flexibility for combating 
" our democracy has prevailed over much more formidable opponents than these cowardly assassins , " mr. hollande ,... 
call to arms in amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspect in 
rt president hollande vows revocation of french citizenship for dual nationals convicted of terrorism http … 
the mastermind leader of the paris attack was not syrian or middle eastern but belgian ! 
holland calls 4 new powers after paris attacks lets show isis whos boss by giving up our rights 
d'you suppose hollande will call it the " patriot act " , too ? " mr. hollande called for quick action by parliament ... 
rt if we continue to follow us & france foreign policy to absurdity , they should be bombing raqqa , brussels & chartres . ht … 
" france is at war . " -- president hollande . 
" terrorism will not destroy the republic , because it is the republic that will destroy it . " dat juxtaposition doe . 
french government turns up the heat on isis . what are the " exceptional " measures here ? civil liberties in trouble ? 
thoughts ? 
fr pres calls for const amendments that would give the gov flexibility to conduct raids without a warrant 
president hollande , what you are requesting is a slippery slope sir . 

a return to living . a show of unity . france receives a friendly embrace in england 

iranian hackers attack state dept . via social media accounts 
rt attack state dept . via social media accounts 
iranian hackers attack us state dept . via social media accounts via 
rt iranian hackers attack us state department iran watchers via social media accounts : by & 
hackers state dept . via social media accounts via 
iranian hackers attack state dept . using social media accounts 
" the state department became aware of the compromises only after facebook told the victims that state-sponsored ... 
rt surge of hacking from iran against us state dept ? might rather be someone at state dept finally noticing attacks . … 
rt ian hackers attack via social media accounts 
hackers dept . via accounts - 
rt u.s. officials say they are seeing a surge in cyberespionage attempts by iran 
iranian hackers attack via social media accounts 
rt facebook state-sponsored attack warning helped alert us state department : 
during nuke negotiation , there was even no single attack to the us officials :) => ica isn't independent . 
rt hackers attack us accounts on social media | by & both must follows ht … 

( turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military official : ... ( 
are you paying attention ? the developments in the east have the potential to change our world . 
turkish f16s shoot down warplane near syrian border : military official 
" turkey downs warplane near syria border , russia denies airspace violation " by reuters via nyt 
downs near border , denies violation 
( turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military offici ... ( shaquille ) 

rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , according to his advisers 

calls on beijing to stop construction in 
calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea - ny times 
glad to see leaders collaborating 
says must stop south reclamation | 
terror crisis finally some action ! oops ... wrong action obama calls on beijing to stop construction in s china sea 
obama calls on beijing to stop in south china sea | + 
called on to halt its construction on reclaimed islands in the south china sea | 
calls on to stop construction in - 
" sure . happy to oblige ....... sike . " 
meanwhile in - 
" calls on to stop construction in south china sea " 
president obama on wednesday called on china to stop building on contested islands in the south china sea ,... 
nice try , mr. president , but you know perfectly well they're not gonna stop ... 

gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 

a rallying cry in paris : 
" tous au bistrot ! " “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
yes , yes , yes . " a rallying cry in paris : ' everyone to the bar!' " 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
love this : a rallying cry in paris : everyone to the bar ! via 
good food , wine , friendships , & laughter remind us once again why we do what we do <3 
for my " drink ! " students . a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
“ it will be an act of peaceful resistance ” 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ - the new york times 
one of the many ways that new yorkers and parisians are kindred spirits 
a very act of defiance . — “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : tous au bistrot ~ everyone to the local bar-restaurant ! 
that's the way to do it . " a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar ! " 
i'll drink to that ! 
parisian restaurant owners are calling for a very french act of defiance . tous au bistrot via 
you know the best way to stay alive ? you keep living . rallying call in paris , via 
let's stand in solidarity with these parisians ! get to the bar ! 
" go to a place where you can have a beer , some peanuts , a plate of sausages , anything " 
" “ everyone to the bar ! ” ... ( ... and have a white russian on me ...! ) 

chicken salad from costco implicated in e . coli infections - - 
at least 19 people may have been infected by e . coli after eating rotisserie chicken salad sold at costco’s ,… 
business briefing : chicken salad from costco implicated in e . coli … track submission 
business briefing : chicken salad from costco implicated in e . coli infection ... 
business briefing : chicken salad from costco … 

facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis 
this is ridiculous . there must be smarter ways to stop them from running their websites and social networks ! 
facebook profile frozen , then restored , for user named isis via 

putting the before the 
putting the chicken before the egg 
how freerange chickens teach one cluck at a time . 
rt " putting the chicken before the egg . " pasture-raised is no longer a niche product ! … 
'' we’re seeing 100 percent year-over-year growth ' . nice article here on pastured eggs from the nyt : 
past student council president , vanessa alexandre , was featured in nyt ! check it out : 
goodness , is the us only just getting the idea about free range eggs ? 
a n . california farm family finds chickens producing pastured eggs = golden geese 
pastured are one of the fastest-growing category of eggs in the us 
if , like me , you want your eggs from chickens who run around and enjoy the fjords all day , this is for you 
pastured eggs are one of the fastest-growing category of eggs in america today , as per the 
pasture-raised in the ! 
a growing market for pastured eggs from 
americans are learning to put the ( health of the ) chicken before the egg , so to speak : 
the best thing about chickens is you don’t have to herd them nyt : // i did not know this 
pastured eggs are on the rise ! take a look into this parental lesson turned pastured egg farm . 
growth in consumer awareness re : hens living conditions due 2 undercover videos . thanks ! 
revelation from humane farming : " the best thing about chickens is you don't have to herd them . " 
looks like a pasture raised success story ... 
we like to see news about animals on pasture .... why it is news , i am not sure , as it is the most natural thing in ... 
2nd article this a.m. making me want to run away , back to the country : i miss my chickens . 

a call for compassion ... 
refugees across europe fear repercussions from 
top story : retweets refugees across europe fear repercussio … see more 
refugees fear repercussions isis responsible but who funds/enables isis and supports refugee hate ? 
rt across europe fear repercussions from they flee same or actually much wors … 
across europe fear repercussions from they flee same or actually much worse violence 
refugees across fear repercussions from paris attacks : after fleeing their homeland … 
ny times : refugees across fear repercussions from paris attacks 
after in fear growing suspicion of their hosts and hostility on the 

actors of ‘ the big short ’ talk about the debt crisis , in beverly hills . 
the nyt asks ryan gosling & steve carell about synthetic collateralized debt obligations 
' the big short ’ actors steve carell , ryan gosling and finn wittrock discuss the debt crisis - via 
to be fair , i’m not entirely sure i could accurately define a cdo either . 
" editor’s note : that’s actually the definition of a cdo squared . " actors of the big short talk about the debt crisis 
trailer : ' the big short ' 
" i thought i knew but i didn't know anything at all . " -- actors of ‘ the big short ’ talk about the debt crisis 
actors of ' the big short ' talk about the debt crisis , in beverly hills - new york times 
can't wait to see this !! " actors of ‘ the big short ’ talk about the debt crisis " 
we gotta go see this 
also re `big short ' : channels on traders " zegna vs canali - there’s a real difference " 
hey girl , let me short that for you 
steve carell attempts to define a synthetic cdo : ( via 
this should make watching “ the big short ” interesting … 
this might get me into the cinema although i say that every time : actors of ‘ the big short ’ talk abt the debt crisis 
actors of ‘ the big short ’ talk about the debt crisis , in b ... ♥ buyfb 

details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 
details for bataclan attack found on cellphone in paris trash can … — via 
rt : pls flw a … 
the manhunt for the paris attackers - the new york times 
nytimes : details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 

two paris attackers planned another assault , prosecutor says 
two men involved in the paris attacks appear to have been planning a final assault , by | 
two attackers planned another assault , prosecutor says 
europe ( uk ) top story : two paris attackers planned another assault , prosecutor … see more 
two paris attackers planned another assault in la défense , the business district west of paris 
news update : " paris attackers planned another assault " is this information useful ? 
paris attackers planned another assault , prosecutor says - new york times 
two paris attackers planned another assault , prosecutor … 
two paris attackers planned another assault in business district , prosecutor says 

adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer , dies at 90 
rt adele mailer , rip : 
adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer & was eventually stabbed by him , dies at 90 . outlives the b 
what made norman mailer stab his wife ? possibly this : " she told her husband that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " 
" i decided i was going to be that beautiful temptress who ate men alive , flossed her teeth and spit out the bones " 
rt " the point of no return came when she told him that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " why mailer … 
how much of an asshole was norman mailer ? he stabbed his wife when she said he wasn't as good as dostoyevsky . 
" guests recalled that the point of no return came when she told her husband that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " 
rt married to mailer , inspired by " carmen " : “ you lived from crisis to crisis , sang love duets and had screaming fights ” https :/ … 
adele mailer , stabbed by husband for saying he wasn't as good as dostoyevsky , dies at 90 thank you , 
adele mailer , 2nd wife of poba artist norman mailer dies at 90 a turbulant , fascinating life 
to show my appreciation for norm's gesture from now on i'm inviting the chief rabbinate of israel to all my parties . 
presume you saw reference to your dad getting into fight w/allen ginsberg in 1960 in adele mailer obit : 
this obit , for example . 
i was going to be that beautiful temptress who ate men alive , flossed her teeth and spit out the bones adele mailer 
rt nyt obit for adele mailer , who then-husband norman mailer stabbed after she said he wasn't as good as dostoyevsky … 
wow . lives to 90 and most of adele mailer's obit is about the guy who stabbed her 55 years ago . 
adele mailer , artist who wed norman mailer , dies ; seriously injured in ' 60 when her husband stabbed her during party 
nytimesarts : rt hellernyt : married to mailer , inspired by " carmen " : “ you lived from crisis to crisis , sang love du … 
at least he came to realize he had to appear contrite ? norman mailer , on stabbing his wife : 
" the point of no return came when she told him that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " why mailer stabbed his wife . 

thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right 
kids ' visits from college aren't the last vestige of childhood , but first moments of adulthood . 
college students and parents alike , be kind to each other this week ! 
are your kids home from college ? here's how to manage during the break ! 
got a college kid home for thanksgiving ? try to lower your expectations ! 
for college kids , coming home at thanksgiving is a choice . how to make it one they're glad they made : 
those first trips home from college are the first steps in a new relationship . get them right : 
rt they want to see friends . you want to see them . they're becoming adults . you miss your kid . college visits : … 
no college kids , but everyone at table must tell what they're thankful for ; fantasy , reality , and getting it right 
parenting tips for a stress-free when kids come home 
thanksgiving holiday with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right .... 
celebrating thanksgiving ... with college students back home and in the house ... 
mt sharing sentiments , just off the phone ... nytimes : thanksgiving , with college students 
rt college kids coming home for first time ? make the visit work : 
for those students home for bridge your family expectations and your student reality : 
are your college kids coming home for thanksgiving ? this may help you handle the highs and lows of their return . 
for those with children in university or college returning for the holidays , this is a great read ! 
rt thanksgiving with your college student ... 
rt the counter : filthy . the laundry : in the entry . the glasses ? all gone . your kid is home from college : … 
listen closely & you'll hear your own voice here// thanksgiving w college students : fantasy , reality 

victims , remembered 
paris victims , remembered - the new york times 
rt the victims of the paris attacks included an architect , a student , and music fans . here are some of their stories . … 
paris victims , remembered via 
nov . 25 , 2015 - - the victims of paris , remembered 
rt most of the people killed in the attacks in paris were young and out having fun . here are some of their stories . https://… 
heart touching stories of the young people who lost their lives in 
rt victims , remembered 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
fr . kevin o'brien , sj , read this letter as part of his homily at the 9 am mass on sunday : 
“ this little boy’s entire life will be an affront to you by being happy and free . for he will not hate you either . ” 
victim’s husband tells terrorists , ‘ i will not give you the gift of hate ’ 
snigdha samal with merl anthony and 2 others . 2 hrs · ' i will not give you the gift of hate!' perfect response ... 
probably helps to include the link . ~ hey , at least i'm still human :-) 
victim's husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
husband tells ‘ i will not give you the of 
courage : " you won't have my hate ... i will play on " not scared not mistrustful not sacrificing liberty for security 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
posted " victim’s husband tells terrorists " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
paris attacks : " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
rt it takes the grace of god to let go & let god ... 

jury deliberations resume this morning in the sheldon silver trial . our tuesday story on the jury craziness . 
a peek inside jury deliberations in new york . york 
rt " i'm feeling pressured , stressed out .. i need to leave ! " juror writing to judge in sheldon silver trial deliberations http … 
can i use this note to be excused from twitter ? 
ok ... i might be a bit biased here ... i just served . but if it is unlawful for a juror to communicate about a ... 
alternate headline : sheldon silver to judge : let her stay , let her stay !! 
two hours into deliberations , a juror in the sheldon silver trial wants out 
juror in sheldon silver trial asks to be excused shortly after deliberations begin 
really great courthouse reporting 
rt one juror sent a note to the judge shortly after noon pleading to be excused from the jury . 
rt " i know the one girl from the news . " juror tells judge he said hello to nbc reporter during sheldon silver trial https://… 
rt star struck juror talks to tv reporter outside court house : “ i watch every morning from 4:30 to 7 , " he told judge . https : … 
two hours into deliberations , a juror in the sheldon silver … 
two hours into deliberations , a juror in the sheldon silver trial … 

the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
clear graphical explanation of climate change pledges so far , what they do and don't achieve ; kudos 
the are in . will they fix anything ? 
rt carbon dioxide reduction : the gap between what countries have pledged , and what the goal is https : … 
the national plans are a good start - but we need more : the paris climate talks matter . 
rt what a wonderfully clear and succinct explanation of countries ' carbon-cutting pledges : 
the change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
rt this swift explainer on the paris climate talks was designed for mobile readers : … 
rt without the pledges , global temperatures would likely jump more than 8ºf by 2100 . … 
the pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
the new york times has made an elegantly simple interactive infographic on how far the pledges to the paris climate … 
rt the pledges are in , will they fix anything ? … 
rt ending fossil fuel extraction is the best way to reduce emissions . the next president needs to https://… 
the climate change pledges simply explained 
nytimesworld : rt hfairfield : this swift explainer on the paris climate talks was designed for mobile readers : … 
rt what countries have pledged before the climate talks in paris start next week : … 
and data used in article the climate change pledge : will they fix anything ? 
interactive via ... honored to work as director for their video : 
the co2 reduction pledges are in , and they are nowhere near enough . ( via 
rt the climate change pledges are in . how do they add up ? 
rt really nice charts by illustrate the impact of emissions pledges on climate's bottom line https :/ … 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

the best start ever in the make history with 16th straight win 
warriors make history with 16th straight win 
channel core values of steve kerr-joy , mindfulness , compassion & competition warriors make history 16th straight win 
brooklyn in the building via nyt 
the golden state warriors defeated the lakers 111-77 and broke the record for the best start to an n.b.a. season . 

a more conservative catholic church awaits pope francis in africa 
" pope francis begins his first trip to africa today " 
rt pope begins trip to kenya and uganda today . security and doctrinal concerns await him : 
🀄 happy news via pope francis begins 1st trip to africa go holiness ! ^e 
thx to banned now has 14% of world’s 1.2 billion 2050 they will be 25 to 30% 
as francis begins his first-ever trip to africa , he will face a powerful and assertive roman catholic church that is wary of his message of tolerance . 

end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
end sought to fantasy sites in ny . would be extrodinairy if this industry is killed by regulation 
. expanding on sites 
ny attorney general seeks to end dfs ; yahoo added to inquiry . 
end sought 2 fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said 2 be added to inquiry this rebuts yahoo 4 content 
attorney general seeks to stop fanduel and draftkings 
add yahoo sports to the list of daily fantasy sites involved in the new york attorney general's investigation .... 
yes , eric schneiderman is after yahoo too ... 
ny state attorney general is expanding his investigation into daily fantasy sports sites 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company ( ny times ) . 
top story : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added t … see more 
avoid bloomberg businessweek if you crave accuracy . yahoo info here : 
marissa mayer must think illegal gambling and socially irresponsible activities like this are okay if they make $$ . 
end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to … 

a car dealers won’t sell : it’s electric 
a car dealers won’t sell : it’s electric less maintenance ? i'm in ! 
an argument for exception to the ' manufacturer can't be dealer ' rule - a car dealers won’t sell : it’s electric 
my next car may be electric despite car salesperson's reluctance . 
car dealers in u.s. resist electric -- no maintenance ; service bays can't make money . 
why car dealers don't want to sell electric cars 
dealers won’t sell electric cars customers know more about electric cars than dealers have trouble to convince them 
an unexpected barrier to electric car sales , and an apparent failure of the marketplace 
" why car salesmen don’t want to sell electric cars " 
i'm a perfect candidate for an electric car but there's no way for me to charge the thing in an apartment 
" service ( is ) crucial to dealer profits " = " dealers don't want to push consumers into electric cars " via 
rt p h.d. graduate eric cahill insights article car dealer bottleneck for … 
good for customer is not good for us . tech & auto dealer version . 
the nyt discovers what lots of us have already experienced , car dealers don't want to sell electric cars ! 
car dealers -- a barrier to ev sales .. 
car dealers vs . ( b/c they're frustrated that ev's need less $maintenance ) 
a car dealers won’t sell let the free markets prevail . why not a direct manufacturer to consumer model . 
so true ! watch : 
loss leader for many car dealers : cars . electrics don't need as much maintenance , and get pushed less . 
a car dealers won't sell : it's electric - new york times 
stubborn dealers reluctant to push electric cars 
a car dealers won't sell : it's electric via 
why car salesmen don't want to sell electric cars via 

when a bag is based on math 
rt ... in the nytimes's " when a bag is based on math " by hilary moss 
rt when a bag is based on math hit the nail on the head . 
when is based on the new 
oh , math , you used to be so cool . i thought we had this ' thing ' . now you've sold out and gone corporate . 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - the new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - new york times 
web dsign 
seo website builder soccer stadiu ... 
police have found an ambulance packed with explosives outside soccer match in 

photos : an early-morning raid north of paris 

attacks and other assaults seen as evidence of a shift by isis 
the attacks in paris and elsewhere signal a shift in the strategy of the islamic state . 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ‘ external ’ targets , officials say 
rt isis evolution to ' external ' targets ... 
“ the race is on between isis and al qaeda to see who can attack the west the best " paris attacks and shift by isis 
. was quoted in a article about what we've learned in the aftermath of the attacks on paris 
what is missing in all media's report and analyisis about daesh is their cultic nature and how do they brainwash ... 
rt paris attacks , beirut bombings and downed russian airliner seen as evidence of a shift by isis 
important : intercepted communications suggest islamic state " central " directed paris and beirut attacks . 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ' external ' targets , officials say 
rt western intelligence abandons former belief that isis was only focused on controlling the muslim world … 
rt paris attack was coordinated by isis spokesman abu muhammad al-adnani , who has directly threatened canada . … 
were the attacks on paris , the russian plane , lebanon , etc ., evidence of a shift in isis tactics ? 
rt abu muhammad al-adnani has a $5mm bounty on his head . officials say he's chief of global ops . 
rt an analysis of isis videos found that russia was threatened the most , more times even than france . http … 
recent attacks in paris ... were the 1st results of a centrally planned terrorism campaign by ... the [ isis ] leadership 
paris attacks and other assaults seen as evidence of a shift by adnani now has a $5 million bounty on his head 
top story : paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ‘ external ’ t … see more 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution say this what happens in the face of weakness 

john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against islamic state in syr 
rt : : john kerry visited a mosque on monday in abu dhabi and urged for a bigger push against isis . http 
. would like to see the us-led military and diplomatic effort in syria “ go faster ” 
. outlines latest debate within the administration on defeating and hopes for a cease-fire in 
john kerry urging bigger push against islamic state in syria - the new york times 
nytimesworld : john kerry visited a mosque on monday in abu dhabi and urged for a bigger push against isis . … 

first draft : ted cruz challenges president obama to debate on s 
u said u wanted to hear about it❗️ challenges you to debate on 
ted cruz challenges president obama to debate on syrian refugees | 
rt ted cruz challenges barack obama : " insult me to my face " … 
rt cruz challenges o to refugee debate ... ' insult me to my face ' ... 
ted cruz challenges president obama to debate on syrian refugees . ' insult me to my face ' 
rt challenges president obama to debate on " insult me to my face " 
ted cruz challenges obama to debate on syrian refugees - first draft . political news , now . - the new york times 
rt you said you wanted 2 hear about it : ted cruz challenges you to debate on syrian refugees … 
rt ted cruz to obama : come at me bro 

as sabotage blacks out crimea , tatars prevent repairs 
rt tatar activists block access to fallen power lines 
just as we started to tame the beast , we shoot down his plane and cut off his power - 
read on crimean tatars as part of activist movement amid new tensions between russia and ukraine . 
rt " crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines " by ivan nechepurenko via nyt 
the always forgotten and by suppressed minority of uses black out to make themselves heard 
🆘as sabotage blacks out terrorists prevent repairs‼️ 
as blacks out prevent repairs 
sunday , saboteurs knocked out power for millions in crimea . monday , tatar and ukrainian nationalists blocked repairs 
as sabotage blacks out prevent repairs 
the cutoff of electricity to crimea is stoking tensions on the " border " with ukraine . by 
crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines : moscow — crimean tatar activists and ukrainian nat ... 
rt neilmacfarquhar : tatar activists block access to fallen power lines 
crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines ( new york times ) ( 1301 gmt ) 

trump’s shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches 
donald trump’s shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches 
rt " trump has never apologized or acknowledged a mistake . someone else is always to blame . " donald trump , liberal . … 
politicians are not known for adhering to the facts , but trump has shown that voters care less than they ever did 
donald trump’s shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches nyt to the rescue again ! 
. this liberal elite has never seen a speech ? it's exposed by the desperation & lies . 
as the contest grows serious , " trump’s shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches " are catching up with him : 
wow : " i didn’t tweet ; i retweeted " 
and stretches 
donald trump’s shortcuts and ( snakeoil ) salesmanlike stretches 
rt racism bigotry hate & fear stay … 
in your heart , you know he's lying . 
" [ he ] denied these things altogether or transferred them to the crude vague instincts which they shared " 
" the electorate , at least the republican electorate , is a little skeptical of specificity this year . ” 
reporter says trump campaign echoes goldwater campaign . " in your guts you know he's nuts " 
trump's " in your heart , you know he’s right " redux , via 
insightful comments from in today . what voters want this cycle is " attitude and tone . " 
trump’s shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches " and mr. trump’s supporters seem content to take his word for it . " 
rt trump's ambiguity often allows people to see different things in his remarks , such as the muslim registry … 
i never thought anyone could exceed george bush in their belief they haven't made any mistakes , are never wrong ,... 

isis shares an image of the explosive it says brought down a russian jet 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter wit 
family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
even not discussing criminal history , just glowing " quiet , godly man " angle . compare w/ ferguson . 
family of idaho man says he was " murdered " by police 
and we have shooting incident , so not looking great but still come 
" let’s go see what god created . " 
intersting read that offers alternative but still negative narrative on police-civillian interactions in idaho town 
some of tight-knit dynamics ; interesting piece from on " anger , doubt " after fatal encounter 
annals of idaho : white conservatives also don't like it when their loved ones are shot and killed by the police 
anger and doubt rise after man’s encounter with 
good boy ; dindu nuffin . 
police are shooting good ol ' boys now . wonder if that will change any attitudes ? 
anger and doubt rise after idaho ranch owner's fatal encounter with deputies 
idaho deputies fatally shot a local man and his small western town seeks his justice 
family of man by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man's fatal encounter with deputies - new york times 

" ... no better place to leave a baby ... " ? ( because they immediately called 911 ) it's metaphor , jim . 
healthy newborn found abandoned in nativity scene 
rt healthy newborn found abandoned in nativity scene at a church in new york 
baby found in nativity scene poor mother must be desperate . 
“ a church is a home for those in need , ” says priest . healthy newborn found in nativity scene at church . 
glad for early christmas display for once . rt newborn found abandoned in nativity scene . 
a holiday scene full of symbolism .... and carelessness as a woman who left her newborn behind . 
newborn found abandoned in nativity scene at a queens church 😔🙏🏻 
i think this is beautiful and i applaud this mother for her actions ! 
we all no matter where on planet earth you are culture color nation if are a human you come into the world just ... 
newborn is left in nativity scene at a queens church 
such a sad story - newborn left in a nativity scene 
let this baby be a symbol for our church's year of 
grace poed in queens 💔 wondering if anybody's wondering if he's an american citizen 
the real question is " why was a nativity scene up before thanksgiving ? " newborn found in nativity scene 
this is the stuff pulitzer-winning novels are made of . 
hours-old infant w/ umbilical cord attached abandoned in nativity scene in a queens church 
we were just marveling over the foto taken by the pastor : newborn found abandoned in nativity scene in queens 
newborn baby found abandoned in nativity scene at a new york church 
it beats any child abortion or murder . it beats illegal immigration . little baby will have home in no time ! 

your tuesday briefing 
the episode set off an urgent response by nato which called an 
just in time for black friday shoppers research is out today on new 
your tuesday briefing , via 
rt paris aftermath , pfizer deal , new england patriots - . 
" aftermath , via 
check out this roundup : lots to choose from 
your paris aftermath , pfizer deal , new england patriots 

mr. trump’s applause lies : 
dominated by . 
rt finally ! the nytimes editorial board has called a racist liar for being a racist liar : … 
the press should start asking harding questions ( and demanding proof ) of him 
rt the nyt calls bullshit on trump . " history teaches that failing to hold a demagogue to account is a d … 
rt is time for journalists to shut trump up 
rt nyt editorial board calls trump what he is ... a demagogue 
time for media to push back harder ? calls out trump’s " applause lies " 
rt " if it's a lie too vile to utter aloud , count on mr trump to say it , often . " editorial board on a rant . … 
rt blistering nyt editorial compares donald trump to joseph mccarthy in 1950 , george wallace in 1963 
the nyt editorial board serving donald trump some cerebral snark here ... 
rt " it’s no easy task for journos 2 interrupt mr. trump w the facts , but it’s an important one . " nyt calls a lie a lie : htt … 
" if it’s a lie too vile to utter aloud , count on mr. trump to say it , often " a must-read : 
" history teaches that failing to hold a demagogue to account is a dangerous act . " 
quote : in the republican field , mr. trump has distinguished himself as fastest to dive to the bottom . if it’s a ... 
rt finally . the new york times calls trump a racist liar : 
the calls a racist liar . 
rt finally , a respected journalistic grp has the balls to speak the mr. applause lies … 
rt donald trump's " racist lies " rhyme with joseph mccarthy in 1950 and george wallace in 1963 , says the new york times : ht … 
rt i usually stick to twitter when posting opinions but i am so relieved by this editorial that i had to share here .... https :/ … 
the nyt's brutal editorial " mr. trump's applause lies " will do nothing to hurt him in iowa . if anything , it helps . 
a long overdue editorial in the nyt that calls out trump for what he is : a flat out liar . 
rt the new york times calls out trump as a racist liar : 
rt the nyt editorial board has gone after trump's very flexible relationship with truth . … 
" it’s no easy task for journalists to interrupt mr. trump with the facts , but it’s an important one . " 
the new york times denounces trump as a liar . 
rt it’s become a full-time job just running down falsehoods [ from trump ] like crime stats from a white sup … 
nytimes calls trump on his lies remind you of anyone , australia ? 
rt thank you 

what travelers can expect after the terrorist attack in paris . 
what travelers can expect in 
what can expect in 
great advice for your clients ! 
let's go to paris ! soon ! 
our thoughts are with paris and its people . here's some good info if you're planning a trip to paris . 
the best thing can do to help is to keep visiting paris and not be scared away . 
" the single best thing travelers can do to help is to stay in paris and to keep coming to the country . " 
how can tourists help ? : " stay in and to keep coming to the country " via 
in the aftermath of the attacks in the new york times has compiled useful information about what to ... 
“ the french need support now more than ever & want to return to normal life . ... not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
message to tourists : “ the french need support now more than ever , & leaving or not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
here is a rundown on how hotels , airlines and cultural sites are accommodating travelers to paris 
also i wish i could give blood , but as a cancer survivor i believe i'm not allowed .... 
here is some helpful advice from the for anyone travelling to 
great article 

the paris attackers used facebook , not encryption … and in an isis dedicated group ! 
expanding web of connections among the paris attackers : passports via 
rt nyt maps connections bw perpetrators of - none of the 5 that have been identified so far are http … 
rt so to be clear : none of the 5 paris attackers identified so far is syrian . 
rt the paris attackers used facebook , not encryption & were known to the french authorities . https :/ … 
the expanding web of connections among the paris attackers : 
the expanding web of connections among the paris attackers - the new york times 

in renovation of golf club , donald trump also dressed up history 
rt . " get trump " campaign hits paydirt : erroneous golf course plaques . no pol can survive that 
a plaque installed by trump at a golf course on the potomac river commemorates a civil war event that never happened 
denude the land , build useless golf clubs , preserve false history . 
in renovation of golf club , also dressed up history 
wrong again , don . in renovation of golf club , trump also dressed up history 
trump flunks history , again . great piece by 
trump actually did a great job fixing this place up . too bad he's a complete dipshit . 
for those who care about loudoun county & civil war history , a humorous rewrite of history , c/o 
this is barely relevant to donald trump's electability , but it's also quite bizarre . 
wow ! donald trump never backs down even when everyone says he's wrong . 
historians call bullshit on trump's civil war plaque at his virginia golf course 
donald trump adds falsifying american history to his long , odious list of donald trumpness 
rt " were they there ? " is that how one determines whether historians have gotten it right ? 
there is something seriously wrong with this guy . even after being busted by historians for a completely made-up ... 
in renovation of golf club , donald trump also dressed up … 
at golf club , trump dressed up history , via 
so much for facts ... in renovation of golf club , donald trump also dressed up civil war history 
neil was right : " the self-made man is truly shallow " donald trump also dressed up history 
this article about trump’s made-up civil war site on his golf course is just a joy to read : 
. breaking news ! trump farts , claims no smell ! liberals accuse someone of rewriting history ? wow ?! 
rt i guess trump doesn't want historians to vote for him . 
in of also " more & 2 
dear historians , if u didn't actually witness history yourself , then u don't know anything sincerely , d . trump 
rt “ how would they know that ? were they there ? ” — trump on historians . 
“ how would they know that ? " trump , on historians who say he put up a phony civil war plaque . " were they there ? ” 
historians say a plaque installed by mr. trump at a golf course on the potomac river commemorates a civil war event that never happened . 

sues texas in dispute over funding for 
no texas , you do not have ownership over a woman's body . 
sues in dispute over funding for clinics 
we're fighting back for the people of texas . 
sues in dispute over for clinics 
calling state's action politically motivated , sues over funding for clinics 
the inevitable result of cutting funds for women’s reproductive health . cc 
what year is this ? 100,000 + texas women attempt self-induced abortions , state tries to cut access even further . 
the group called the action by texas , which has some of the toughest abortion restrictions in the country ,… 

the paris attackers : who were they ? 
prevention of radicalism ; possible only through cooperation w/ muslim immigrants paris attackers : who were they ? 
paris attackers : who were they ? and why do we care abt ppl with shitloads of q's in their shitty names ? 
why would they do this ? painful 2 watch , important 2 know . the attackers the victims : 
who were the attackers in paris ? video . 
rt a snapshot of seven men suspected in the paris attacks . who were they ? by 
who are the paris attackers ? very informative video piece by my colleague 

chill grips a michigan haven for syrian families 
syrian refugees are not terrorists . shutting them out is just mean-spirited bigotry . 
syrians arrived 2 and enjoying with snow as winter is approaching in this part of the world 
i grew up , peacefully , in suburban detroit amid refugees from iraq/iran . why are arab refugees suddenly a threat ? 
rt michigan is home to nearly 200 syrian refugees . this family arrived last week . … 
a chill grips a haven for families . 
syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven in michigan 
" we didn’t cross illegally , ” he said . he threw his hands in the air . “ we went through hell to get here . ” 
no matter yr take on the issue , you should know what it's like to actually be a syrian refugee in the us : 
rt tannercurtis : michigan is home to nearly 200 syrian refugees . this family arrived last week . … 
share this story by on syrian refugees in us with people on both sides of the issue : 
sawyerbrendan : good nytimes read why should remain open for business/welcome those fleeing violence like … 
good read why should remain open for business/welcome those fleeing violence like that of 
in michigan , syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven 
ouch nyt : in detroit suburbs refugees trade mideast war 4 cold winters , strip malls&houses as uniform asmonopoly pces 
writes a fantastic , heartbreaking article on syrian in michigian : 
a grips a haven for 
< " we didn’t cross illegally , ” he said . he threw his hands in the air . “ we went through hell to get here . " > 
" they said , ‘ we’ll send you to michigan ' ... they told us it’s very beautiful . " it is . 

a doctor explains why he provides abortions in the south 

do you have a or just for seeking ( gif 
fake instagram , a chance to be real 
on fake instagram , a chance to be real via 
teens are making 2nd instagram accounts to show their real life vs . their main accts which show their idealized life 
finstagram ! 
still not-well-understood phenomenon 
" ... the pressure among instagram’s regular users to present idealized images of themselves has only increased " 
rt from the " more than half of the 92% of teens ages 13 to 17 who go online daily use instagram " https : … 
“ life becomes a never-ending junior varsity “ vanity fair ” shoot , ” 
>> finstagram ~ fake a chance to be real 
have you heard of “ finstagram ” accounts ? 
the secret ' friend zone ' and 
news flash : users discover social interaction on instagram is all bullshit . * yawn * --> 
teenagers trend to fake instagram accounts , ' splintering as self-preservation . ' 
are " finstagrams " a real thing ?? am i really that old that ny times had to tell me what this is ?? 
' for many young people , social media has become a burden , a part of life that must be managed . ' 
using fake instagram to be real . on popularity of nyt graphic more : 
full story : 
can't deal . 
a chance to show the real you on ' finstagram ' , or fake instagram . 
( fake instagram for your real friends ) on the rise in us - a chance to show your real self ?! 
teens , 20s , carefully constructed ' image ' reigns , insincerity trumps reality 
teens are using their fake instagrams to express their " real " selves . we live in a strange world my friends 
fake instagram is freeing for those living photo-shopped lives . 
for many people , social media has become a burden , a part of life that must be managed ... brands need to pay attentio … 

sepp blatter and michel platini lose fifa appeals and remain suspended 
sepp and michel lose appeals and remain suspended via 
" blatter and platini lose fifa appeals and remain suspended " 
fifa rejects sepp blatter's appeal . maybe he didn't offer enough . you'd think he'd know the going scale for bribes . 
soccer , international federation of association football ( fifa ) , blatter , sepp , platini , michel via nyt 

how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks 
" how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks " by leslie picker via nyt 
the proposed merger between and allergan has helped drive merger activity to a record for 2015 . worldwide 
how the $pfe-$agn deal ranks by equity value , no . 3 behind vodafone-mannesmann and aol-time warner , says 
actually , $4.1 t in 2007 = $4.7 t today , so m&a in 2015 has not eclipsed 2007 
additional ?! er , primary . " for pfizer there was an additional motivation , lowering its tax rate by moving to dublin " 
the deal between pfizer-allergan biggest in history between pharmaceutical companies ..... 
rt $155 billion of pfizer and allergan is the largest of all time 
$155 billion of and is the largest of all time 
with an equity value of $152 billion , the merger is the largest since the heady days of 2000 . 

- what deals do you want to score ? 
finding cheap flights and more on 
finding cheap and more on 
finding cheap flights and other deals on black friday 
finding cheap flights on black friday 
just posted their tips for travel deals 
you guys : take advantage of deals , book airline at deep discounts 
cyber monday cyber monday cyber monday cyber monday morganscybercom eurailcyber 
what the holidays mean for ( via 
rt finding cheap flights and more on 
black friday isn’t just for holiday shopping – you can also score cheap flights ! don’t miss the opportunity ! 
sojern in the 
. quotes on last year's cyber monday flight booking trends & what to expect this year . 
details : big discounts on rooms booked on 11/30 for stays between 12/11-3/31 ! more info : 
the only shopping i'll be doing : where to get the travel deals 
turismo : finding cheap flights 
is about too ! check out this preview and after all that ! 
a3 : look for further than ( details on some good ones via 
the event : finding cheap abstract entities and more on black abstract entity 
finding cheap flights & more on via cc 

rt " live from new york " it's equal time for john kasich , mike huckabee , james gilmore & lindsey graham after trump … 
a few of trump's rivals are getting their equal time from a few nbc affiliates . 
nytimes : nbc stations in iowa , new hampshire , so . carolina grant trump/snl-inspired equal time to 4 gop candidates . 
donald hosting means equal airtime for rivals 
" donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals " 
" just don't do it " trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals 
trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals viewers in iowa . 
donald trump's hosting of ' s . n . l . ' means equal airtime for rivals ( 
donald trump's hosting of ' snl ' means equal airtime for rivals - new york times 
ben carson : " i don’t know if , on the basis of that , you can say all muslims are bad people ” what ?! 
trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime 4 rivals how about equal time 4 latinos , muslims , blacks ?!! 
george pataki , et al . bravely fight for equal airtime with donald trump on saturday night live 
first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for … 
rt wow . trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals . 
( first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for riv ... ( shaquille ) 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 

when turns itself off 
when tv turns itself off - 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " on tv cancellations : https :/ … 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares ... it matters . even the silly stuff . " 
choice 3 : tv turns itself off as ' art imitates life . ' good idea or should ' the show go on' ? 
why " homeland . " showtime chose to broadcast it despite the terrorist strike in paris . 
' pop culture is how we dream collectively , ' we shouldn't be surprised when extremists attack it via 
after bloodshed , tv can be cathartic , or insensitive 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " … 
rt new : on tragedy , terrorism dramas and why pulp entertainment is not just appropriate but necessary . 
james on why the tendency of tv nets to pull episodes that echo terrorist attacks isn't necessarily good 
should tv networks cancel , postpone or rearrange their schedules in response to terrorist attacks ? 
when terrorists strike , television networks respond , sometimes sensitively and other times perhaps unnecessarily . 
rt great point by 
when broadcast tv self censors … " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares — communal , cathartic ... " 

congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 
congressional democrats cautiously defend refugee program via 
“ we can both welcome desperate , vulnerable families+ensure our own security ” via 

russia says the navigator of the jet that was shot down tuesday has been rescued 
rt erdogan says he does not want to escalate . russia sends new missiles to syria , which is how things escalate . … 
are we ( and allies ) getting into a war with russia ? wouldn't that be , like , world war iii ? 
russia says the navigator of the warplane shot down along the turkey-syria border is alive and has been rescued . 
navigator rescued after turkey shot down warplane , russia says 
gran artículo russia says the navigator of the warplane shot down along the turkey-syria border . 
the pilot of the russian aircraft was killed on tuesday by ground fire , but the defense ministry said the navigator was safe after an overnight operation to retrieve him . 

aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of dignified defiance 
aung san suu kyi sounds a provocative note the next hurdle for burma democracy is to keep the lady a true democrat 
rt seth mydans , long-time southeast asia hand , returns to the pages of the nyt for a profile of aung san suu kyi . https … 
long a of sounds a provocative note 
new york times - usa - a defiant voice sounds a bolder note in myanmar - 
does respect for law include fidelity to a military-imposed constitution ? 
a symbol of dignified sounds provocative 
why tell us what she was wearing on her first day in parliament ?? 
aung san suu kyi , on the cusp of power , is sounding imperious . what kind of leader is she ? 
interesting insights to the leadership style of by 
aung san suu kyi wins " so far the military has been gracious in defeat , which stuns many burmese 
aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of sounds a provocative note 
burma's democracy icon , on the cusp of power , sounds provocative . how she will govern ? 
so happy to read the words of in again . his smart take on aung san suu kyi's rise in myanmar : 
aung san suu kyi , " the future is hers to shape . " by via 
a symbol of defiance , aung san suu kyi’s victory sets democracy example to asian neighbours 

iceland has more books published and read per person than anywhere else in the world 
has more published & per person than any other country . 📚 via . 

as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality 
my short post on fb's french flag debacle , and how the lebanese flag made it to profile pics without facebook's help 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — vía nytimesworld 
facebook french flag profile picture change erupts inequality discussion via 
damned if you do , damned if you don't! complaints of inequality for french flag filter . via 
thats why i did not change my profile picture as french flag 
as tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
top story : retweets as social media tributes pop up , so do … see more 
social media tributes-complaints of inequality - helping all cries have the option to be heard — via 
why did blatantly ignore and do nothing when warned . 

rt did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? fact-checks him . … 
did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? nytpolitics fact-checks him . … 

storm system batters colorado and texas 

rt what china has been building in the south china sea 
rt why build aircraft carriers when you can build islands ? 
rt what has been building in the south china sea 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night , nothing felt like everything . 

rt french return to cafes in a show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” … 
rt rt french return to cafes show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” https … 

i love this . the profiles some of its top commenters . 
meet some of our top commenters # 
woohoo ! not all commenters are trolls ❤ ️ 
this is pretty neat . the profiled some of its top commenters : 
meet some of top commenters 
never read the comments 
meet some of the top commenters of 
rt meet the nyt's top commenters . this is an amazing group of humans : 
rt nyt profiled their top commenters . including a 95 year old man who comments only in poetry . https … 
i love this — meet the commenters of the nyt ! 
the introduces some of its top commenters 
know comment - statistical analysis reveals the most influential commenters . 
one of the nyt’s top commenters is a 95-year-old electrical engineer who cares abt inequality & comments in poetry : 
rt i have to point out that this commenter brought her cat to the photoshoot 
rt meta enough for you ? 936 comments on piece on best commenters : … 
great look at the human stuff behind the internet stuff . my favorite kind of stuff . 
don't miss insightful piece on the nyt's top commenters : 
these commenters shared their faces and stories on 
named top commenter for " comments on racial issues , often from a deeply personal perspective " 
mr. eisenberg has made a name for himself by commenting in poetry . 
this is pretty interesting : profiles some of its top commenters 
rt the profiles some of its top commenters : 

rt a woman in was killed when she detonated an explosive vest during a raid , french officials said . … 
a woman hiding out in an apartment in st. -denis was killed when she detonated an explosive vest 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - new york times 
top story : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special fo … see more 
top story : retweets woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by spe … see more 
woman killed in raid after detonating explosive vest - diesel , a 7-yr-old police dog , also killed 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces — via nytimesworld@ 
woman detonates suicide vest in st-denis raid in paris via 
top woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
paris : updates on the terror attacks : paris : updates on the terror attacks ! 
rt woman killed in raid in paris ; three men captured by special forces . live updates : 
woman killed in raid . 5 suspects arrested . 
the raid in st. -denis brought major disruption to residents and commuters 
woman killed in raid via 

rt fantasy sites can lead to gambling addiction . “ the perception of skill has led many people down a very dark path ” htt … 
for , sites can lead to ruinous path 
one man discloses how fantasy sports sites almost ruined his life and why they are a risk for people in recovery : 
addicts , fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
" his life , consumed by gambling , disintegrated to where he considered suicide . " 
for addicts , daily fantasy sports sites can lead to a ruinous path [ via 
daily fantasy sport sites took his latent gambling problem to the brink of suicide 
new york times article/video on daily fantasy sports and gambling problems 
rt to those with addiction , daily fantasy sports looks a lot like gambling 
for those struggling with gambling fantasy sites can lead to a ruinous path via 
for addicts , fantasy sports sites can lead to ruinous path - 
for fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
while fanduel and draftkings are thriving ... more patients of gambling ? 
for gambling addicts , fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
are fantasy sports sites feeding gambling 
mass ag says draft kings is game of skill that needs regulation . ny ag disagrees . what say you ? 
really think sports not gambling lol 
nytimes , " for [ gambling ] addicts , fantasy [ sports ] sites can lead to ruinous path " : 
draftkings now warns playing fantasy sports could be a “ stress-inducer . ” but the word “ gambling ” does not appear > 
this article was a great advert for gambling anonymous .. show the extreme and the not so obvious is unveiled ... 

rt photos of mexico’s mennonite heartland 
photos of mexico’s mennonite heartland via 

rt isis flag found in 2008 — early signal of the group’s rise . my look at the group’s rebirth . … 
in rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame 
many to blame for the rise of isis ( via 
2012 intelligence report foresaw the rise of an in & – the nyt confirms 
rt isis was born out of america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army http … 
this is a good , well thought out article ...... 
rt read this to understand rise of isis but more importantly for understanding how obama just ignored the intelligence ht … 
good summary of and its leaders from inception to present-day 
. the concept was that if you just leave alone , it would destroy itself , & so u didn’t need to do much 
rt dia briefed white house on isis as early as 2012 , obama admin repeatedly ignored warnings … 
clemonster_us : great nytimes article on the rise of & the road to the … 
great article on the rise of & the road to the 
the best historical overview of the rise of isis i have seen , a must read for those who are probing this issue : 
zeer goed artikel over oorsprong daesh , rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame 
rt trying to understand the rise of isis ? great piece by 
new york times on rise of isis : no single missed key but many strands of blame 
in rise of no single missed key but many strands of blame 
a must read about actions , consequences and isis . hopefully we learn from our mistakes going forward . 
rt was born in america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army . https : … 
a good & insightful read ; the rise of " isis " 
rt us soldier found an islamic state banner in iraq in 2008 next to a mass grave of 30 bodies … 

joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
dear twitter : reveals need to celebrate of cc 
i want to read a profile of randy souther 
and sometimes it's better when an author stays off twitter . see this ? 
joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ' joyous ' in isis ? - 
hah ! daesh might want to consider recruiting joyce carol oates . oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
the author was criticized after she posed a question on twitter about the islamic state . 
joyce carol oates faces backlash on twitter following tweet : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
joyce carol oates . .. gore vidal : " the three most dispiriting words in the english language are joyce carol oates . 
joyce carol oates & isis if some thoughts are taboo , then we can only explore the local minima and maxima of ideas . 
joyce carol oates on is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
" randy souther , who has written about ms. oates for 20 years and started a scholarly journal focused on her work " 
" there is no joy in isis , " the mighty hath spoke out 
you deserve this 4 signing the anti-hebdo letter this year . you simply don't express yourself well . 
ny times reporting on jco isis tweets , money quote from douthat . self-parody , or are we just a monstrous society ? 
questions are critical . unfettered inquiry is the only force that can oppose poisonous ideology : 

rt marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
y esto es lo peligroso " le pen’s anti-islam speech gains influence in france " 
de lo peor ... marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 

coney island : 
coney island : the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! the art ! 
coney island is back ! but here it is before it came back . are you a nostalgia fanatic ? this nytimes article will ... 
rt an exhibition at tracks coney island through its stylish rise , slow decline and eventual revival . https : … 
" coney island : visions of an american dreamland , 1861-2008 " at brooklyn museum : 
rt excited for this coney island exhibit seems to have some really quirky but interesting art : … 
" there’s still this creative and rebellious spirit there — a kind of edgy magic that i hope is never lost . ” 
coney island is on view in all its wonderful & sinister splendor 
coney island : the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! the - the new york times 
so miss my i went to for the first time in years this summer and had a blast ! 

inside the gould memorial library 

a husband remembers his wife ; via 
a husband remembers his wife , ‘ merry , with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids ’ 

racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 
revjjackson : rt nytimes : racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 

an 11th-hour detour puts a family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
“ i know it’s pathetic , but this was one of the things that allowed me to try to keep some hope , ” he said . 
escaping the bataclan with a bloodied drumstick — via 

paris prosecutor describes st. -denis raid and gun battle — via nytimesworld 
" french prosecutor says abdelhamid abaaoud , suspect ... " from the new york times ( 
paris prosecutor describes st. -denis raid & gun battle 
top story : retweets paris prosecutor describes st. -denis ra … see more 

what role should test scores play in teacher evaluations ? new york is still deciding 
cuomo , in shift , is said to back reducing test scores ’ role in teacher reviews 
nytimes : what role should test scores play in teacher evaluations ? new york is still deciding … 
cuomo , in shift , is said to back reducing test scores ’ role in teacher … 
i can't quit you : now adding that studentsfirst is wall st funded , but still quoting them b4 teachers 
ok , on education , suburban swing voters matter . now how do we get pols to care about urban youth ? 
cuomo , in shift , is said to back reducing test scores ’ role in … 
rt . has a consequential scoop this morning on eliminating role of testing in teacher evals : … 
gov . andrew m . cuomo , who in january called for standardized exams to determine 50 percent of the ratings , is quietly seeking a reduction , even to zero . 

telegram messaging app closes public channels used by isis militants 
rt updated : telegram messaging app closes public channels used by isis militants to add re … 
updated : telegram messaging app closes public channels used by isis militants to add response from 
telegram messaging app closes channels used by isis ( 
durov " well aware that isis used the platform " / messaging app closes channels used by isis 
telegram messaging app closes channels used by isis - new york times 
rt telegram messaging app closes channels used by isis 

rt facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant frm belgium whose family wanted him dead 

what's happening to obamacare premiums 

totally missed this story ! he was such a poor candidate , it was amazing he stayed in as long as he did ! 
race 
rt . quits presidential race via na na hey hey kiss him goodbye ! … 
finally is out of the race !! he says “ this is not my time ” .. obviously ! 
unemployed village idiot bobby jindal quits republican race 
: well , looks like in the long-run kong trump has shaken another one off the log , see ya , wouldn't wanna be ya !... 
might be an unpopular view but if we're talking lesser of evils in the gop race , jindal was one . 
not his time , i agree . 
if it's ever bobby jindal's time it will be my time to leave the country 
bobby jindal quits repub presidential race wrecking ball bobby throws in the towel ... and leaves the demolition site 
jindal asked his supporters to move to mike huckabee . that should move mike to double digits ... 17 total supporters ... 
piyush , what took you so long ? quits republican presidential race 
famous last words : " we spent a lot of time developing detailed policy papers . " ( louisiana governor bobby jindal ) 
rt race 
“ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time , ” - drops out via 
now what am i supposed to do with all of these red and green " jindal all the way ! " sweaters ? 
rt days before the vitter-edwards vote , jindal drops out 

you probably have a to-go pasta dish . next time , try this one instead . 
rt rt nytimes : you probably have a to-go pasta dish . next time , try this one instead . … 

rt chicago officials released a dashcam video of the killing of a black 17-year-old in 2014 . https://… 
the videos that are putting race and policing into sharp relief 
land of the free and the home of the brave ?? sad , scary times ... 
new york times - 
( ny times ) 
latest news update from luisa florez . 
archiving 
veracity of authority in question : end the code of silence sometimes the police account of an event leading to ... 
is policing out of hand ? 
the that are putting and into sharp 
oh my god . 
another is added to this chilling post on videos putting race & policing into sharp relief : 
the videos that are putting race & policing into sharp relief 

tied to lower risk of dying prematurely 
rt full caf or decaf shown to reduce risk of death from several of most common causes : 
coffee & chocolates , better sex , longer life 
rt fiends , carry on 
coffee . what’s not to love ? 
more reasons to drink coffee !! :) via let s celebrate- :) 
more good news about 
rt more good news about 
rt some good news to consider as you sip that cup of coffee . it may lower your risk of death . 
good news for coffee lovers 
drink coffee , live longer 
like i need an excuse ! 
need to work a long night pushing your idea forward ? grab another cup of coffee to help you stay up and live longer ! 
another positive story about coffee - my kind of article :-) 
new study confirms coffee is good for you . drink ( and eat ) up ! 
whoops ! please see this link for the article ( clearly we need to add some caffeine to our afternoon coffee drip ! ) 
rt coffee story reminds me that more black hair -> less heart attack . let's all dye hair black … 
drink enough coffee , live longer ? 
new study on reduced risk of dying from heart disease and other causes . 
rt coffee tied to lower risk of premature death gotta love a good cup of java ! … 

rt it began as a hashtag . now , is an internet-driven civil rights movement … 

eagles of death metal make first statement on paris attacks 
rock and roll will stand . 
\m/ “ love overshadows evil . ” \m/ 
story eagles of death metal make first state … see more 
the band , which was headlining at the bataclan on friday when gunmen stormed the venue , said on f ... via 

a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials said 
live coverage | german soccer match was canceled over ' concrete ' threat ... - new york times 
a soccer match between and the was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat : 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , official … 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials s … 
points : a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled becau … 

rt husband remembers his wife , " merry , with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids " … 
husband remembers his wife , " merry , with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids " vi … 
nytimes : husband remembers his wife , " merry , with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids " … 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck , and why via 

rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 

nato-russia tensions rise after turkey downs jet 
rt cold war overtones : 1st time in half century that a nato nation has downed a russian plane : https :/ … 
rt good flight path graphics of russian plane shot down by turkey at syrian border " … 
turkey shoots down russian warplane near syrian border 
re : turkey shoots down russian warplane this is the worst viral marketing for thanksgiving ever ! 
i think that it took place because of not always hostility but a military obligation . they must be able to overcome . 
shoots down near border 
web dsign 
seo website builder turkey shoots ... 
rt " it was thought to be the first time a nato country has shot down a russian plane in half a century . " 
turkey , nato and obama support isis 
a - to " prove " others are ( enemies - causes self-destruction , and blames others for it 
rt last week , turkey summoned the russian ambassador to discuss the bombing of turkmen villages ht … 

the eiffel tower is closed again 
eiffel tower is closed once again - new york times 
it has been confirmed that the eiffel tower is closed due to a bomb threat 
eiffel tower is closed once again — via nytimesworld 
updates on paris . 
" responding to hatred with anger would be to fall to the same ignorance that made you the people you are . " a . leiris 

rt rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 
rt gabisalesv : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had bat … 
rt aigriffin : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had batt … 
“ rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease ” sad day . such a great player 
nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 

manhattan psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client - - 
scamming vulnerable people can be a huge business . psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client . 
psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client is the business ethical ? 
it's amazing how stupid people are . psychics are con artists . 
manhattan psychic admits taking over $550000 from lovelorn client - new york times 
you just can't make this shit up . $ 550,000 for psychic to raise the dead 
love is wasted on the young , money on the rich . 
how stupid can people be ? $us550 , ooo ! 

" morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . " 

rt isis has captured the world's attention , but one report says boko haram has been more deadly 
surpasses as the world's deadliest group . 
good 4 them that they r targeting ' who cares ' & not west ! ranked ahead of for deadliest terror group 
ranked ahead of isis for deadliest terror group 
boko haram was responsible for 6664 deaths last year , more than any other terrorist group in the world , including is 
ny times newtop story : boko haram ranked ahead of isis for deadliest terror gro … see more 
rt our bias against africa . boko haram kills more people last year than isis ; what are we doing about it ? … 
rt boko haram , not isis , is the world's deadliest terrorist group 

rt fmr benghazi investigator suing for firing him and making false statements about it : v … 
" ok , then " , as they say . 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and trey gowdy 
rt podliska , fired from benghazi cmte for not attacking is suing to be reinstated : … 
fmr benghazi investigator suing for firing him and making false statements about it : via 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader . 
rt fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader 
" fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader " by michael s . schmidt via 
rt fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : … 
podliska , fired from benghazi cmte for not attacking is suing to be reinstated : via 
fired living thing sues construction benghazi organisation and its living thing 
fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : via 

a definitive debunking of donald trump’s 9/11 claims 
a definitive debunking of donald trump’s 9/11 claims - the new york times 
donald trump lied in birmingham : nytimes : a definitive debunking of trump’s 9/11 claims 
a definitive debunking of donald trump's 9/11 claims - new york times 
rt a definitive debunking of donald trump's 9/11 claims via thanks 
rt mr trump is promoting hate and division in the us , shouldn't his claims be considered to be hate speech ? … 
donald trump ? leugenaar . keer op keer , concludeert the new york times : 
alas , some people still determined to vote for a proven liar because he appeals to their closeted bigotry 
a definitive debunking of donald trump’s 9/11 lies 
rt then-atty general of nj says he had reports of 9/11 celebrations in jersey city investigated , found they were bogus https://… 
rt " false report . never happened . ” if only we could say the same about trump running for us president . 

" how amazon’s long game yielded a retail juggernaut " 
rt how amazon’s long game yielded a retail juggernaut 
as we approach black friday : “ growth in prime subscriptions matters because prime alters the psychology of shopping ” 
rt while king of pure play-its still a drop in the retail bucket-how amazon’s long game yielded a retail juggernaut … 
a look at how amazon owns distribution : 
in praise of the long game ( sort of ): on ' how amazon's long game yielded a retail juggernaut ' 
says consumers spend 3x more after joining prime b/c it alters psychology , do you agree ? 
rt wow ! by 2020 , " conservatively " , amazon will have 50% of us households signed up for prime ! … 
. ' s enormous investments in infrastructure & logistics have begun to pay off 
amazon’s long game ... simply amazing 
amazon is a juggernaut . 
how amazon’s long game yielded a juggernaut 
how yielded a retail juggernaut 
you need faith in your idea but be open to changing trends . great piece on amazon by in 
how amazon's long game resulted in a retail juggernaut > < 
rt it is predicted that by 2020 , 50 percent of american households will have joined prime . stunning . … 
how long game yielded a juggernaut 
amazon . how huge and dominant will they someday be ? 
how my favorite company did it and does it . 
how long game yielded a retail juggernaut 
rt how amazon’s long game yielded a juggernaut 
mt wow ! by 2020 , " conservatively " , amazon will have 50% of us households signed up for prime ! 
rt amazon - has hit a market cap of usd 310 billion . its reaping the benefits of truly thinking long term . … 
there is a simple explanation for amazon’s rise , and also a second , more complicated one , amazon web services . 
will amazon prime have 50% of the us population as subscribers by 2020 ? 

inside the gould memorial library , a dazzling building in need of a facelift . photos 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
your date/model . let's go somewhere exotic & try new things . book ... 
very useful timeline from nytimes . 
top story : retweets where isis claims it has struck , and wh … see more 
where claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck since october 3 , and why 
russell goldman and karen yourish teaching things mum can't . 

targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs 
targets inaccurate citing dangers & costs 
laboratory tests need much more oversight : 
according to concludes laboratory-developed tests have harmed patients due to inaccuracies 
fda targets inaccurate medical tests . 
the fda targets inaccurate medical tests , citing the dangers and costs . 
regulating reliability of laboratory tests : harm unknown because adverse events not tracked . 
rt fredhutch : fda targets inaccurate medical tests : " problems are more prevalent than people want to recogni … 
twitter doctors f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests , citing d … see more 
" targets inaccurate tests , citing dangers and costs , " as thousands get unnecessary operations & 
ldt issue reaches article seems to assert fda regulation of ldts is inevitable 
inaccurate lab tests may prompt abortions & unneeded surgery , says 
f.d.a. targets inaccurate citing dangers and costs 
targets inaccurate tests manufactured & used w/in a single lab- rhodium assists clients in compliance . 
targets inaccurate citing and 
" false positive " testing worse than no testing at all 
fda targets inaccurate and unreliable medical tests : 

" turing refuses to lower list price of toxoplasmosis drug " 
icymi : turing refuses to lower list price of toxoplasmosis drug . instead will offer ' discounts ' to hospitals . 
turing refuses to lower list price of toxoplasmosis drug : daraprim costs $750 a tablet . though turing pharmace ... 
rt true to its disgusting core refuses to lower price of critical medication 
turing sparked fury when it increased the price of a 62-year-old drug , and the company refuses to cut the list price 
nytimesbusiness : turing sparked fury when it increased the price of a 62-year-old drug , and the company refuses to … 
daraprim costs $750 a tablet . though turing pharmaceuticals said it will cut the price for ... 
and refuses to lower list price of toxoplasmosis drug via 
rt daraprim costs $750 a tablet . though turing pharmaceuticals said it will cut the price for ... https … 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 

finding the links among the paris attackers 
nbcinvestigates : rt nytimes : finding the links among the paris attackers 
finding the links among the paris attackers via 

“ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race 
rt nytimes : “ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race … 

meanwhile in america : 3 white males sought as 5 are shot near minneapolis protests 
gunfire on black lives matter protestors monday night , 5 shot 
5 are shot near minneapolis protests , police say 
5 are shot near minneapolis protests . police search for three white men wearing masks . 
protestors shot at a closing borders won't help if the enemy is within . 
5 activists were shot by white supremicists near a minneapolis police station : 
5 protestor shot in minneapolis , police say 
this hurts my heart . 
5 are shot at protests , 
5 shot " near " protest . i'm sure the passive , random tone of this headline is unintentional . 😑 
5 shot at minneapolis protest , by 

what we & reading 
what we’re reading 

in many obamacare markets , renewal is not an option - 
last year , we encouraged returning customers to shop around . this year , some people have no choice 
in many markets , renewal is not an option 
why and assistance is essential in 
interesting read .... 
rt nytimes-getting a plan from c o-o p running at a loss is a " bargain " -in many obamacare markets , renewal not an option https : … 
in obamacare markets , renewal is not an option cost up 25% + in corpus christi via 
rt if you like the plan you were required to buy after we canceled the plan you liked , you can't keep it . 
dem health scheme plans disappear 
rt nyt : surprise ! you can't keep your plan again this year ! 
nyt maps discuss interesting facts of affordability , renewals , and via 

why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
why it takes two years for to enter the u.s : 
rt why in takes two years to screen refugees 
rt why it takes two years to screen syrian refugees trying to get into the us 
why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the us . 
rt this is why it currently takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. … 
are you a refugee ? here is the step-by-step to enter the us in only 2 years ! 
why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
facts . 
rt syrians already subject to additional checks than other refugees . here's the process : … 
rt good information on the current screening process in place for syrian refugees → 
rt why syrian refugees must wait two years to enter the united states . 
rt lirsorg : plain and simple : why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
rt worst possible way to smuggle in terrorists . 
retweeted melissa fleming ( reality check : why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter ... 
two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. , but australia can do it in a matter of months ? 
why it takes two years for syrian to enter the us : 
rt why it takes 2 years for a syrian refugee to apply to come to the us 
mt excellent info from why it takes 2yrs to enter the us 
rt excellent , succinct info from why it takes 2 yrs to enter the us . … 
rt the 20 step refugee resettlement process that has bigoted politicians and islamophobes so worried . 
for anyone who's wondering , this is what syrian refugees have to go through to get here . spoiler : it takes awhile . 
saddened , dismayed at your vote w house republicans . the current system works ! 
rt why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
good people of america do not be alarmed by our leaders ' fear mongering . they don't know the laws ( as they should ) 
here is a good description of procedures for vetting refugees . 
the two year security process it takes for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
important link for the holidays : details of 2+ years process it takes syrian refugees to enter u.s. 
rt the twenty steps of the vetting processs go through before we accept them : https : … 
rt afraid of refugees ? check out screening process they have to pass - the new york times 
rt with mere 20-step us review process for syrian refugees , i can see why the demagogues worry . … 

britain calls for closing of coal-fired power plants by 2025 
britain aims to close all coal power plants by 2025 : | first china , now britain ... this is excellent news 
bold move by ahead of paris talks : kill by 2025 . 
uk taking big step to reduce ghgs : calls for closing of coal-fired power plants by 2025 
rt amazing . great britain plans on closing all coal-fired plants by 2025 . 
icymi : uk calls for closure of all coal-fired power plants by 2025 
good news from the uk . i hope that with tony abott gone our government can now realize there is no future for coal . 
rt britain is planning on closing all its plants by 2025 . 
good news for the britain calls for end of coal-fired powerplants 
thank whomever 
rt another nail in the coffin : britain plans to close all of its power plants by 2025 … 
10 years ... its over , fossil fuels . now ! 
happy holiday season ! quinn records tm top-10 song chart for friday november 20 , 2015 is posted … 
with apologies to both queens : another one bites the dust ? britain's call to close coal-fired plants by 2025 
britain to close coal-fired power plants by 2025 
" london — the british government on wednesday called for the closing of all coal-fired power plants in the ... 
britain plans end to coal power by 2025 
the move , announced in advance of the united nations conference on climate change set to open in paris on nov . 30 , a … 

rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 
rt . abdelhamidabaaoud , isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 

networks are taking longer drop shows , and that's awesome : via 
with tv viewing changing , networks take longer to drop shows . 
networks now take longer to drop shows due to ratings , cancellation costs , binge-viewing 
delayed viewing means tv shows are now being axed later . 
networks today are hesitant to drop shows with much of television viewing changed . 
the abc drama “ wicked city ” was the first show of the new television season , now nine weeks deep , to get the ax . ind … 
cbs web technologies 
rt notes on why there's only been one cancelation in network tv this season 
with tv changing , networks take longer to drop shows . maybe they're waiting for c+30 ? 

gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 
if gluten is something you tend to avoid , has a couple of delicious flour-free desserts you’ll love . 
thnks 2 4 thanksgiving desserts from me & 
rt now i know what to do with my chestnut flour and bag of cranberries . thanks https : … 
bless for chocolate chestnut cake & cranberry curd tart recipes via & 
a couple ideas for gluten-free desserts fro upcoming holiday . 
( if not guilt-free ) desserts 
( and maybe not guilt-free ! ) thanksgiving desserts : via 
nut flours are key to indulgent , gluten-free desserts 

the serial swatter 
rt this piece on a twitch swatter and the women and police officer who unraveled his crimes is so good … 
rt horrific story about a teenager who used swatting to terrorize young women : 
rt swatting hoaxes : has a must read piece on the dark side of the web : 
read this , he could be trying to get info on you 
when it comes to internet trolls and harassing women obnoxious was on another level 
just how easy it's for online predators to take over your life and how helpless the police could be in such times 
ny times artical on people who attack women on internet 
rt how one guy with " emerging psychopathic traits " kept swatting female gamers and " had essentially no remorse " … 
hypervigilant and paranoid and now struck by a very dangerous new crime . 
today's reality is that internet trolls have the ability to get swat at your doorstep 
rt . on how trolls have learned to exploit our over-militarized police . 
rt in light of today's conversation on this shows another side to harm against women : … 
retweeted chris hanel ( a must-read for the community on the new york times -- the serial ... 
rt internet trolls have learned to exploit our over-militarized police via 
rt . reports : how online abusers target victims , exploit our emergency response systems & my bill to stop them https://… 

paul ryan calls for halt to syrian refugee program 
republicans call 4 halt 2 syrian refugeeprogram ( and many democrats joined them , here's why ? ) 
i’ve joined a bipartisan group of legislators in calling for a suspension of the syrian refugee program . 
republicans call for halt to syrian ... | 
also tuesday , two senators announced a push for a formal authorization of military force agains .. 
rt house speaker paul ryan calls 4 halting syrian refugee program . it's now officially on the republican platform … 
to reject refugees is as bad as 1930s when us rejected jews fleeing saying they were communist spies 
republicans call for halt to human program - new york times 
us house pressures obama to kill refugee plan 

the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 

is changing its focus 

mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presi ... 
with president-elect who lists both freddie mercury & howard roark as influences , argentina has nowhere to go but up 
took detour from life as scion t argentine presidency 
a look at mauricio macri , president-elect of argentina and massive freddie mercury fan by 
mauricio took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency 
macri : from business to soccer to politics . 
should read this one ( rand among his favs ! ) macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency 
macri's election a big deal , but peronists have only held the presidency for 33% of last 4 decades , contra the nyt 
mauricio took detour from life as scion to presidency 
at boca juniors macri first displayed his preference for working in teams and mediating between quarrelling parties 
macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency - new york times 
argentina's president-elect says being kidnapped in 1991 put him on path to politics . a profile : 
an important election 
rt pesonaindon mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presi ... 

a rallying cry in paris : " everyone to the bar ! " 
a rallying cry in paris : “ everyone to the bar ! ” 

" i wasn't going to write " talking paris with kids " until i saw how beautifully this dad handled it : " 
one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers 
one french parent to his son , “ they may have guns , but we have flowers ” 
motherlode blog : one parent , on paris : they might have guns , 
some of us help . some bring flowers . some can't help but bring their fear . talking paris w/ kids 
they have guns . we have flowers . talking to kids at different ages about paris : 
a little boy and his father converse about the paris attacks . what happens at the end is really sweet ... 
seriously dad of the year- you must see this : via 
a precious conversation : " they might have guns , but we have flowers " 
how do we talk to our kids about paris ? via 
look for the helpers , appreciate the flowers , and don’t let fear stop you . ❤ ️ 
this is a great article for us parents trying to find the right words when talking to our kids in times of tragedy . 
in the wake of tragedy : " don’t let fear stop you from being the person you want to be when the worst happens " 

rt the united nations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 

microsoft , once infested with security flaws , does an about-face ( 
rt yes has changed . once infested with security flaws , it has done an about-face 
sheds reputation as an easy mark for 
the once-flawed has turned its reputation around and cleaned up its act . details from 
microsoft sheds reputation as an easy mark for via 
where we learn that microsoft spends more than $1 billion a year on security-related initiatives : 
impresses even the toughest experts . launches operations center 
rt once infested with flaws , does an about-face 
rt sheds reputation as an easy mark for hackers - 
interesting reading on corporate citizenship 
microsoft is now leading the field in terms of security . a real shift of mentality thus reshaping market perception . 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins - the new york times - 
a rare night out ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins — via 
dear friend of dear friends of mine . full of ' joie de vivre ! " , love , life & sunshine . no words suffice .. rip pierro 

cult of the toto toilet 
rt aecono : the cult of the toto toilet burnbridges 
" your life is really good when you have a heated toilet seat . ” 
posh but is there a for this loo . " the cult of the toto via 
what a surprise ... as difficult to get americans to upgrade their toilet as it is to upgrade to management . 
not your average commode . cult of the toto washlet . cost ? $ 2,400 to $ 9,800 each 
until you sit on a you ain't taken a real crap . 
regarding the $ 9,800 toilet 
rt apparently is a thing ? all you need to do is install a to upgrade to luxury … 
rt says a lot about the cult of the japanese toto toilet that this piece is in the fashion & style section of the times https://… 
the cult of the washlet . 
why are americans still using toilet paper ? toilet is long overdue 
the cult of toto 
sharing the auto links popping and linksexploaded under the rainbow !! 

rt another tribute to matthieu by " a father with the ‘ charisma to be the lead singer " … 
in paris , mourning a father with the " charisma to be the lead singer " 
another tribute to matthieu by " a father with the ‘ charisma to be the lead singer " via 
top story : retweets mourning a father with the ‘ charisma to … see more 
top mourning a father with the ‘ charisma to be the lead singer ’ - the ne … see more 

review : in ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter 
review : in ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter ❤ ️ michael b . jordon & the soaring sports movie 
a . o . scott picked creed as a nytimes critics ' pick ! 
a . o . scott picked creed as a critics ' pick ! 
tweet from spraymediamrktg : a . o . scott picked creed as a nytimes critics ' pick ! 

miami’s art world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood 
world sets sights on neighborhood 
visiting miami next week ! 
if this appalling level of journalistic integrity is what miami's artists and community is prepared to accept , so ... 
miami’s world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood 
little haiti district may be miami's newest art community as the art world dials in for 
" many world denizens ... 
nice article on miami's little haiti--we're so excited to be visiting there next week ! 
miami's art world zooms-in little haiti as next hot spot . hello , gentrification . 
sokol spills the beans : 54th to 71st , biscayne to i95 : is art hotspot 
signs of little haiti’s impending transformation are everywhere . 
rt the sets its sights on arts neighborhood 
miami's art world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood 
crux of our music , informs our art , informs our lives . miami’s art world , little haiti 

foiling electronic snoops in email 
rt over 2 weeks , found 280 of his 1,400 emails - many from pr folks - had trackers planted in them . tech fix : https://… 
around 60% of sent emails use trackers , detecting when and where messages are opened . here's what to know : 
rt this week's tech fix is on email trackers and the various ( not ideal ) ways to stop them 
the new york times via digg 
a review of the options available to keep companies from tracking you in email : 
another technology arms race : email tracking . can be used for good or evil or just plain creepy . 
" by some estimates , trackers are now used in as much as 60 percent of all sent emails . " 
grouping entity : foiling electronic organisms in communicating 
abstraction attribute : foiling electronic living things in abstract entity 
thanks for the heads up re email trackers been planning to review my email subs - will expedite that ! 
after reading this article on email tracking , i changed my settings . 
foiling the electronic snoops in your email : 
“ practically every marketing email now contains some form of a tracker . ” 
stopping snoops on 
security , security . email snoops beware ! 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
i love he does a great job rt “ don lemon doesn't get offended ” 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - - 
cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says us still want syrianregime change 
cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating isis , kerry says 
cease-fire and a political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , john kerry says . 
cease-fire and a political transition in crucial to defeating says . 
visiting france , kerry vows ' greater pressure ' on isis 
cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating says 
visiting france , kerry vows ‘ greater pressure ’ on isis 
sec . kerry states there will be more pressure on isis , from the world community 
. urges ceasefire - cease-fire & political transition in crucial to defeating kerry says 
yes , but what of pol future of irq ? " kerry : ceasefire & political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis " 
kerry says a cease-fire & political transition in syria crucial to defeat isis 
and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - new york times 
when love to come . cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating is ... 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
if you were wondering about lsu grad he sees himself more as a malcolm not martin 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

reading duly endorsed . alternative drink suggested . kisses . :) 
ta-nehisi coates wins national book award : 
bravo to fellow on his award ! 
rt congratulations to the national book award winners . 
rt ta-nehisi coates = national book award thank you for writing a beautiful , important and timely no … 
adding to other honors bestowed upon him this year , has won the what a year ! 
rt well deserved 
rt many congrats to for his national book award . check it out from our cafe collection today ! … 
wins national book award . so well deserved !!! 
congratulations to this brave author ! wins national book award 
rt congrats to fellow on his award ! 
rt don delillo , always in character 
rt congrats to on winning the national book award ! 
“ between the world and me ” fellow ta-nehisi coates ' study being a black man in us wins nat'l book award . 
rt pleased that ta-nehisi coates won the award : a genuinely essential read in this pl … 
rt ta-nehisi coates wins 
one can completely empathize with african americans while rejecting ta-nehisi coates way of thinking 
congratulations to ta-nehisi coates for winning the national book award for his book " between the world and me " . 
did you catch this ? two black writers have won national book awards , ta-nehisi coates for non-fiction and robin ... 

what better way to declare the endurance of france than to live it up at a cafe , writes 
french return to cafes in a show of defiance . 
paris returns to life as normal -new york times 
rt french return to cafes and bistrots in a show of resolute determination … 
" still , they are french , and defiance seems to course through their veins " yep , that's exactly that ! 
the french are resilient . you can't keep them out of cafés ! 
rt french return to cafes in defiance via 
how terrorism fails 
rt france : " we will not let the terrorists win " america : " internment camps worked out , right ? " … 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
points : he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert ha … 

the united arab emirates secretly hired hundreds of colombian mercenaries to fight in yemen . 
secretly sends colombian mercenaries to fight in 
rt the united arab emirates secretly hired hundreds of colombian mercenaries to fight in yemen . http … 
the united arab emirates has secretly sent colombian mercenaries to fight in yemen 
rt uae deploys latin american troops to war in yemen nytimes by 
rt the united arab emirates has secretly sent colombian mercenaries to fight in yemen … 
four years ago , and i wrote about a mercenary army erik prince helped train . they are now in yemen war 
it is the first combat deployment for a foreign army that the emirates has quietly built in the desert over the ... 
rt how do the gulf states fight a war in yemen ? with colombian mercenaries & us refueling 
😕 arab emirates secretly hired hundreds of colombian mercenaries to fight in yemen . " 
rt the uae has secretly sent colombian mercenaries to fight in yemen . middle east imploding https://… 
the arrival in yemen of 450 latin american troops adds a volatile new element in a complex proxy war that has drawn in the united states and iran . 

for france , an alliance against isis may be easier said than done 
rt and so far efforts to form an alliance with russia against isis have moved haltingly htt … 
. on how makes money . it’s basically a diversified portfolio of terror . 
“ except for france and the united states , at this point no one thinks going after isis is the first priority . ” 
too little too late ? open to cooperate with 
except for us & france , no one thinks going after isis is the first priority , says via 
with authoritarian-sympathizing involved , everything’s easier said than done . 
what are we willing to give up to build a coalition against is ? via 
france’s plan to create a comprehensive coalition against isis may be “ easier said than done . ” 
. on in talk the talk of being part of solution , walk the walk of being part of problem 
for france , an alliance against may be easier said than done 
rt by attacking france and russia , the islamic state has brought the u.s. , russia and france into closer alliance . … 
alliance against isis may be easier said than done , via 
a coalition of the unwilling ? 
rt “ except for and the united states (?) , at this point no one thinks going after is the first priority ” https : … 
for an alliance against may be easier said than done 
the united states and russia have been drawn together against isis by the paris attacks , but disagreements between … 
the shifting world order on syria 
for an against isis may be easier said than done , & 
rt if wants alliance , should conduct its military ops . this way most europeans can play & they should . https : … 

" this new nyc building " makes the case for why architecture matters " " 

germany-netherlands match canceled over security concerns 
germany-netherlands soccer match canceled over security concerns 
germany cancels soccer match with netherlands . 
ah nevermind , seems like it was just a " suspicious object " twitter messing with us . 
germany-netherlands match canceled , evidence of plans to detonate an explosive device in the stadium : 
germany cancels match with the netherlands over security concerns - - 
police chief says there was serious threat to city and stadium , including plan for explosion . 

fact checks of the 2016 election 
fact check : donald trump says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
the new york times will be checking assertions made throughout the 2016 presidential campaign . 
fact checks of the u.s. 2016 election 
facts are not an element for some candidates . 
fact check : donald says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
well , this is fun , and horrible 
fact checks of the election - the new york times 
the herald news took pains to discredit what paterson officials were calling “ hateful gossip . ” 
fact check : marco rubio says ted cruz undermined intelligence programs 
fact checks of the 2016 usa elections 
" it is not ... anything that can be seen or heard or handled , but .... something that is imagined " 
one fact-checker to rule them all : today launches the first column as our in-house " doubting thomas . " 

rt beautiful ender in today's pictures of the day slideshow 
pictures of the day : france and elsewhere 
rt women worshiped the setting sun while celebrating a hindu festival in mumbai . more photos https :/ … 
a migrant boy with a thermal blanket on the shore of the greek island of lesbos 
photos of the day 

something happened in network tv that's almost unheard-of these days : a show got canceled . 

topping studies with a dollop of athletics at the culinary institute of america 
raw talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of a 
interesting look at college athletics at the culinary institute of america : 
like cooking & sports ? offers intercollegiate sports & it's ok to miss a game for work . 
enjoyed the sports feature . we're loving your taste in locker room art 
at " team practices do not start until 9 p.m. , after the second shift of cooking classes ends " 
. athletics featured in nov . 18 edition of the 
culinary institute of america was the quintessential nonsports school . it had ... a club called the fromage friends . 
but could cia beat alabama ? 
so you thought the sports teams at the culinary institute of america were a bunch of cream puffs ? 
on that note , here's a cool story by on sports teams at the culinary institute of america : 
who knew the cia had hoops ?? “ we want to set ourselves apart from other culinary school options ; we do have that ... 
topping studies with a dollop of at the of america 
the culinary institute of america is building a college sports program , but classes come first . “ home of the steels ” 
great piece on our neighbors up the road by : raw talent and college sports mix at cia 
the fightin ' foodies ! 
the culinary institute of america has sports teams ?? 
rt . on america's most unlikey college athletics program : the one at the culinary institute of america https … 
yes , culinary institute of america has an athletic department : 
ny times : raw talent and college sports mix at 
interesting read raw talent & college sports mix at culinary institute of america 
concession stand must be good talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of america 
at culinary institute , sports are a entity ware 
raw talent and college mix at culinary institute of america- nyt 
" a steel , as any chef knows but most college basketball fans do not , is a tool for sharpening knives . " 
our awesome athletes and our growing athletic program were featured in the new york times !... 

france launches new airstrikes on isis in syria 
heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
belgian suspect in paris had been target of strikes on isis in syria 
heavy gunfire , suicide , as french police raid paris terror suspects ' way station / nytimes 
2 dead , 7 arrested in a raid this morning in a paris neighborhood . officials were targeting the mastermind behind ... 
heavy gunfire erupts as seek in raid 
second suspect in paris attacks sought . 
heavy gunfire erupts as police seek suspects in raid 
paris attacks suspect was target of strikes on isis in syria 
second suspect is sought in paris attacks 

brilliant summary by olivier roy of paris and the strategic limits of isis 
reveal the strategic limits of 
good and clear explanation about the mess we are almost all in ... 
rt finally something interesting on the paris attacks , and not surprisingly , the author is olivier roy . 
olivier roy ( my colleague at eui florence ): france suffers but attacks in paris reveal the strategic limits of isis 
north : kurds , east : iraqi shittes , west : alawites ( now russian protected ) , south : unwelcoming lebanon & jordan 
" but war is not won without infantry " -thoughtful nyt piece on the isis puzzle 
globalized terrorism is no more effective , strategically than conducting aerial bombings without forces on the ground 
rt reveal the strategic limits of 
" globalized terrorism is no more effective , strategically , than conducting aerial bombings without groundforces " 
seems like has already peaked 
earnest fight against daesh starts with political agreement among regional players 
interesting analysis by olivier roy on daesh/isis 
goed maar deprimerend stuk : no regional player is willing to send out its forces to reclaim land from isis 
essential voice , essential points .... 
quoting has no support among the muslim people living in europe . it recruits only at the margins . " 
solid analysis says that t isis will not spread , but local forces are not in a hurry to defeat them : 
good summary of the interests dilemma . 
♻️ posting this again cos it's the best isis piece this week | the attacks in paris reveal strategic limits of isis 
the main actors in the middle east deem other enemies , not to be more important . 
very interesting article on the strategic limits of daesh/isis by olivier roy via 
has isis reached it's strategic limits ? 

an early-morning raid north of paris 
an early-morning raid north of paris : the french police conducted a raid in st. -denis aimed at detaining ... 

nestl 
. reports on abuses in industry 
“ sometimes , the net is too heavy , and workers get pulled into the water and just disappear . ” 
rt world's largest food company says all seafood companies in thailand exposed to sea slavery . https :/ … 
rt nestle reports on abuses in thailand’s seafood industry 
rt nestlé finds slave labor , human trafficking , & abuses in thailand’s seafood industry ; fancy feast faces litigation : http … 
nestlé report that thai seafood industry suffers from widespread labor and human rights abuses 
rt a report by nestlé cataloged widespread labor and human rights abuses in thailand's seafood industry . … 
this should be punish . we should know who they are and boicot their products 
the latest scathing report on thai seafood industry comes from an unexpected source : world's biggest food company . 
latest report on exploitation in fishing industry comes frm unlikely source - world's largest food company 
this is what happens when there are no laws restricting labor practices . 
grim report on thailand’s seafood industry 
china cuts mobile service of xinjiang residents evading internet filters 
rt most of thailand’s seafood workers are migrants , brought into the country by traffickers . http … 

to cam newton , the only numbers that matter are 10 and 0 - - 
bill rhoden is a cranky old man who thinks you kids need to take your calculators and get out of the press box : 
ease up on the analytics when assessing newton , writes the goat mc 
" look beyond the numbers and find a leader emerging " 
getslimmerquickly / sports of the times : look beyond the numbers and find a leader emer ... 

rt " subway golden rule . if you got sick , would you want someone to step over you and say , ‘ i’m late to g … 
" subway golden rule . if you got sick , would you want someone to step over you and say , ‘ i’m late to get to macy’s’ ? ” 
a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
this is happening daily lately . >> hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
a good reminder not to be so impatient when you hear the dreaded " sick passenger " announcement : ( via 
rt our nyc subway ads got a little face time in this piece about the increasing sick delays :: … 
what do " sick passenger " & " police investigation " mean when your subway train is delayed ? you'll be surprised 
" sick passengers " are causing more delays than ever on but do we know what exactly is going on ? 
a hated phrase that new york subway riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
rt any of us can become annoyed by delays just as any of us can become ill on the train- empathy wins : … 
any of us can become annoyed by delays just as any of us can become ill on the train- empathy wins : ht 
this : … is nowhere near as troubling as the turd i saw on the subway this morning . 
oh it's nothing , i just know someone who has her picture in the 
there should be a " call for help " button in every car ! hated phrase that subway riders hear more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
a hated phrase that riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
in a subway system with 469 stations and as many as six million riders a day , some riders are bound to get sick . 
a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ' sick passenger ' 
the ' sick passenger ' is the urban bigfoot 
rt can't always blame people for being sick . mta should better inform passengers what to do when they're feeling ill … 
i was once sick on a train . but the conductor just put me off in mineola and pointed to a hospital . 
rt " a voice over the intercom delivers the bad news ... your train is delayed because of a sick passenger . " … 

what is general 
rt in 1907 , einstein had his “ happiest thought ” — people in free fall don't feel their own weight https … 
einstein's general theory of relativity : 
thank you once again , and explained joyfully for my needy brain . 
nice simple synopsis of einstein's general relativity for his 136th birthday ... grafix & video by nyt ... 
100 year anniversary of einstein's general relativity . challenge yourself with this well written piece explaining it . 
einstein presented his general theory of relativity 100 years ago this month . 
in 1907 , albert einstein's theory of relativity , was presented 100 years ago this month . 
nice explanation of general relativity 
wow presented 100yrs ago this month !!! 

a century ago , einstein’s theory of relativity changed everything : 
rt for 100 years of inspiring new possibilities ! learn more : via … 
a century ago , einsteins theory of relativity changed everything ( 
rt happy 100th anniversary , general theory of relativity ! presented by einstein , nov . 25 , 1915 rt 
how einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 
rt celebrating the 100th anniversary of albert einstein's theory of relativity . … 
a century ago , einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 
rt happy 100th birthday to the equation that " tells spacetime how to curve " !! 
in which space-time is described as " frisky . " 
happy birthday general relativity ! 100 years ago today einstein presented general relativity and changed the world . 
one hundred years ago today einstein completed his theory of relativity 
rt happy 100th birthday , today . https … 
rt 100 years since a certain devised the theory of relativity - … 
happy 100th birthday to einstein's theory of relativity today ! learn ... 
einstein’s theory of relativity , changing everything for 100 years 
top story : info & news a century ago , einstein’s theory of relativity changed e … see more 
a century ago , einsyein's theory of relativity changed everything 
mt : a century ago , einstein’s theory of relativity changed everyt … see more 
100 years ago today , einstein completed his monumental general theory of relativity 
rt 2day is the 100th anniversary of e = mc^2 by a mutual citizen of the us & ch note the mention of bern i … 
" by the fall of 1915 , albert einstein was a bit grumpy " . how mood improved : rt 
rt the most incomprehensible thing about the universe is that it is comprehensible . … 
rt a century ago , theory of relativity changed everything 

judge orders frozen embryos destroyed 
feminist caterwauling in 3 , 2 , 1 … 
california judge orders frozen embryos of divorced couple destroyed 
when lose the right to have children in divorce cases , it regresses our cause too far back 
" california judge orders frozen destroyed , " as ex-husband wins challenge against ex-wife's right . 

u.s. offers $5 million reward for senior isis figure 

experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo 
icymi : nov 18 : bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo cc 
rt bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo : 
" the photograph alone cannot establish that the isis accomplished any of this " 
was it wise of to give everone helpful instructions for making isis depiction of a soda can bomb operable ? 
on the isis soda-can bomb photo — via 
bomb experts analyze the soda-can bomb photo 
bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo - the new york times ambienteod this is all it takes . 
information about the bomb that isis claims took down the russian plane - tav 
the photo of the purported can-bomb that isis claims it put on the russian jet " could be calculated misinformation " 
bomb experts analyze the isis " soda can " device . short summary : easy to build , not very sophisticated . 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb ph … see more 
interesting read on the opinion of bomb experts on the schweppes gold device 
bomb experts analyse the soda-can bomb photo . 

your wednesday briefing 
" your wednesday briefing " by adeel hassan via nyt nyt now via 

is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
is suspected after explosion in kills 32 
last tues , an explosion in a nigerian city killed 32 people . 
mark zuckerberg should change the facebook icon to the nigerian flag 
the beat goes on and on 
boko haram ( aka bozo haram ) is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
rt is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
terrorist attack in nigerian marketplace claims 32 innocent lives - boko haram is suspected , read more here : 
former natsec adviser for nigeria accused of stealing $2 billion that was supposed to be for fighting boko haram 
rt rt hey are you going to declare war on boko haram too ? 
boko haram , gop governors suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
boko haram suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
shared a link 
another attack . evidence for thesis that displaced rebels/terrorists likelier to target civilians 

sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 
nytimes : sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 

agriculture linked to dna changes in ancient europe 
new study of dna of 230 fossil humans shows adoption to agricultural diet elicit coeliac and irritable bowel disease 
agriculture is in our dna ( european dna at least ) " human 
rt icymi , here’s my story on 6,000 years of human natural selection in europe . 
splendid article on in europe . 
arrival of agriculture in europe 8500 years ago led to " altering their height , digestion , immune system & skin color " 
a key to european evolution — wow , that's cool ! 
rt culture shapes our genes ; fantastic new evidence via & via … 
kinda makes ya rethink that paleo diet , don't it ? 
a little lite reading ... 
before europeans became farmers , they were taller and had darker skin 
" widespread changes " 8,500 years ago . " how the birth of farming changed european dna . " 
before the rise of agriculture , europe was home to a population of hunter-gatherers . then a wave of people ... 
the agricultural revolution changed humans ' height , digestion , immune system and skin color : 
linked to changes in ancient europe 
studying the neolithic populations of europe through their genes wtt kevin kelley 

pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel 
pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel - looks delicious ! 
"" by unknown author via nyt 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . 

what china has been building in the south china sea 
i hope one , or more , of the islands have an exclusive resort . i bet the night sky is awesome there ! 
reef to island in less than a year : china has been building in south china sea . 
concerning destruction of reefs for island expansion in the south china sea ... 
one way to destroy a coral reef in the progress name by china 
china is converting entire reefs to islands in just one year . yet , we can't finish velachery-taramani link road 
what has been building in the south china sea : via 

justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections - 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind rights protections - 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind protections via retire already 
justice questions logic behind gay rights protections . he's doing more than 
scalia does it for the lulz , apparently . 
officials at report std levels rising to alarming levels via 
scalia's a moron with idiotic comparison . justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections 
justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
so glad that in this time of hating muslims , scalia has found time to hate gay people too 
ignoring the history of civil rights , scalia equates laws protecting my marriage to laws protecting child molesters . 
well , this makes me so angry , i want to vomit : 
scalia's just being a troll here . because he hates to lose . and we're winning . via 
antonin scalia : supreme court justice questions constitutionality of gay rights protection scalia made his ... 
have you seen this ? i predict regressive left hashtag slacktivists asking for scalia to step down 
once again , it's the difference between the letter and the spirit of the thing . c'mon , scalia -- smell the coffee ! 
this dude is a turd . 
question - must remove poor treatment of gays from islam ? what about from christians here ? 
are you really going to compare it to pedophiles ? justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights via 
please file under “ headlines i wish i could unsee ” - 
realizing that people like these have doctorate degrees from harvard & yale proves education means nothing 
child abusers and pederasts hurt people . way to make analogies that don't work , scalia . via 
" ... mmmmm don't look at me , but , as i've said , it's unnatural ... and ... perverted also . " 
it's never nice to wish for someone's death , but it'll be so sweet when this fucker finally croaks 
so scalia can't distinguish between groups like black , gays or women and groups like child abusers and pederasts 
it's 2015 . stop comparing lgbt people to criminals & pedophiles . even for scalia this hate is beyond the pale . 
antonin scalia questions protections afforded to people ; says same logic could apply to child molesters . 
u.s. supreme ct justice scalia compares protecting people to protecting child molesters 
this language from scalia is irresponsible and hateful . i get you having a moral issue but supporting hate ... 
justice scalia reveals again that be doesn't seem to understand much of anything by comparing gays to child ... 
breaking : justice scalia is skeptical of carolene products footnote 4 . 
rt god bless justice scalia for presenting his anti-gay views in the most unattractive and unconvincing way possible . https :/ … 
uncharacteristic representation on nyt's part . scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
justice scalia is a sad , reprehensible , impotent man ; likens lgbtq+ protections to child molesters . via 
in news from the late 1700s : scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections :: via 
i used to think scalia had a great legal mind that i disagreed with . but really , he's just a smug asshole . 
rt justice scalia is not only an asshole , but one totally unaware of the world he lives in - 

new york today : welcome to the jungle 
thanks for the warm welcome to our red panda cubs , bo and mei mei , 
new york today : welcome to the jungle : good morning on this frigid tuesday . some new york city residents may a ... 
baby red pandas in brooklyn . this is not a drill . 
even if you don't like red pandas , has something for you : piglets ! bears ! patagonian cavies ! otters ! 
nytmetro : rt tatertatiana : even if you don't like red pandas , has something for you : piglets ! bears ! pata … 

how to talk to your relatives about politics at thanksgiving 
note : i'm not * advocating * talking politics with your relatives at thanksgiving - just offering help if it comes up ! 
rt use political science to navigate awkward political conversation at the thanksgiving dinner table : … 
just some light dinner conversation via 
use political science to navigate awkward political conversation at the thanksgiving dinner table : by 
hey , just a heads up that your ( great ! ) recent nyt piece at has a broken link to the onion article 
pro tip : don't . just don't . 
a how-to guide to talking politics at thanksgiving ( or just don't bring it up at all ) via 
know you now want to share your new knowledge : how to talk to relatives about politics at t'giving via 
how2 talk2 ur relatives re : politics@ thanksgiving via yo , in my fam , it's all we talk about . 

paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syrian refugees into the u.s. 

on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
12 . blog entry : bernie sanders , 2003-2011 american iraq war , conflict inappropriateness : sanders takes cue from dean 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " by patrick healy via nyt 
on invading sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
smart piece contrasting sanders and dean on invading iraq and ousting hussein . 
on invading learns from howard dean's mistakes 
on invading iraq , bernie answers katie couric with vivid context & clear common sense . true foreign policy prowess ! 
first draft : on invading bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
first draft : on invading iraq , bernie sanders … 
just say no : on invading takes a cue from 2016 

reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect - new york times -- = 
rt reports of gunfire in suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect — via 

with ben carson , the doctor and the politician can v 
with the doctor and the politician can vary sharply 
ben carson colleague to nyt : “ the person and the doctor are very separate from the politician . ” 
rt portrait in ben carson's home depicting him with jesus really rounds out the nyt profile … 
rt when ben carson speaks , are you hearing from a gifted neurosurgeon , or a conservative politician ? … 
when ben carson speaks , are you hearing from a gifted neurosurgeon , or a conservative politician ? via 
with the and the can vary sharply 
the two sides of ben carson 
interesting , well-researched & reported article on the enigma that is 
rt in profile of carson , brilliant surgeon , and mine the inexplicable complexity of being human … 
rt with the doctor and the politician can vary sharply 
omg . ben carson believes in god , doesn't believe in evolution , and is soft on vaccines . the horror ! 
ben carson and i have something in common beside the fact neither of us should be president . i don't swear either - 
a little bit about ben carson prior to his presidential campaign : 
dr. ben , doctor and the politician can vary sharply dr. ben , presidential candidates don't get treated like gods 
ben carson has a portrait of him and jesus on his wall at home - 
rt with ben carson , doctor & politician can vary sharply with a cameo from a former r … 
rt . the doctor v . the candidate . ( via and … 
important read with regard to one of the political dwarf's - sleep or dopey - not sure . 
rt wait you're not telling us ? what did a duck say ?! 
ny times politics newtop story : with ben carson , the doctor and the politician … see more 
“ when he walked around hopkins , he was like god . ” long before politics , ben carson was med students ' idol : 
nytimes : hospital colleagues see 2 carsons 
ben carson appears lucid in nyt interview on science vs . ideology . 
inside story of career is not so glittering as it's made out to be — as this article reveals this 
rt a possible ' rosebud ' here about where obsession w pc began : his removal as hopkins grad speaker … 
at home , ben carson has " a painting of dr. carson in a lab coat next to jesus , who has his arm on carson’s shoulder " : 
with ben carson , doctor & politician can vary sharply with a cameo from a former resident 
on the connection between ben carson the candidate and ben carson the neurosurgeon 
pro and con . more failed outcomes than you would expect . 

don lemon doesn’t get offended 
if don lemon weren't a journalist , he'd " be a writer like james baldwin . " or maybe an activist -- but more x than mlk . 
lol , ok , don lemon . 
don lemon says if he weren't busy being don lemon he'd " probably be a writer like james baldwin . " that or malcolm x . 
rt don lemon said this . i'm just going to leave this here . 
. doesn’t get offended because insolence and dumbassery . 
“ i am not setting out to be a provocateur . i am setting out to inform people and to get ( them ) to think . ” ... 
“ i am not setting out to be a provocateur ( but ) to inform people ” doesn’t get offended| via 
interviewer " how does someone get to be as self-accepting as you ? " , don lemon " what's the alternative ? " 
" if you don’t make room for the possibility that you can be intolerant then there is a good chance that you are . " 
" i am setting out to inform people " : don lemon tries to explain away his awful and offensive reporting : 
don lemon : " i would like to have a judgment-free-zone place where we can go -- all of us -- and we can all talk . " 
" the best way to improve yourself is to improve yourself . " 
rt “ don lemon said this . im just going to leave this here ” ht … 
" i'd probably be a writer like james baldwin . " 
rt for those looking for the link : 
my comment on doesn’t get offended via 
don lemon thinks he could be jesus christ q : that sound you hear when don lemon talking ? a : 

marine le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
not before time and being sagged of as racist etc . 
le front national is going to make huge gains in france ... and not for the better . 
wonder how that'll play out in france w/ marine le pen's message gaining traction & upcoming election 
who didn't see this coming ? exactly what those thugs wanted : le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
marine le pen's anti-islam message gains influence in france - 
terrifying : marine le pen's gaining more of an audience post- 
history repeating itself ? 
you think she stopped by the elysee palace to measure for curtains ? le pen v hollande in 2017 ?... 
marine le pen’s anti-islam message in france don't get caught up in the political selfserving propaganda . 
unsurprising , but very troubling + counter-productive : le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
... and this is an understatement , i'm sure 
no , the national front party : 
" this repeated connection — immigration equals islamism & terrorism — is playing powerfully in the minds of voters . " 

mourners reflected in the bullet-pierced glass of le carillon in paris on tuesday 

french president françois hollande said he'll travel to washington next week to meet with president obama 
hollande plans to discuss ‘ large coalition ’ with obama and putin - the new york times ping 

who are the turkmens of syria ? 
' who are the turkmens of as usual , always smart to report breaking news in a different way .. 
meet the 
rt question of the day : who are the of 
q . and a . : who are the of 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 

electing to ignore the poorest of the poor ... 
poorest of the poor excluded from safety net : 
by focusing on the middle class , both parties ignore " the deeply , persistently poor . " 
rt " witnessing the presidential debates , i am not optimistic that deep poverty is going to become anybody’s priority . " https :/ … 
focused on the middle class , both parties ignore the poor 
exclusively focusing on the middle class means ignoring the poor 
" by believing the poor are not exerting enough effort , we allow ourselves not to care . " 
thinking about deep , intractable poverty via 
rt out of sight , out of mind . “ we know startlingly little about life at the bottom of society , ” notes matthew desmond … 
rt believing the poor aren't exerting enough effort lets us ignore that almost 16m live in extreme poverty < $8.60 /day . http … 
rt 16 million americans live on $8.60 or less a day . 
ignoring the persistently poor 
rt in the us there's the deserving poor and the undeserving poor . we get to ignore those . my column 
no other advanced nation tolerates this depth of deprivation . must read us ignores poorest of poor 
rt the beginnings of a bipartisan approach to deep poverty , by eduardo porter 
in the campaign both parties ignore the americans who need their attention most : the deeply , persistently poor . 
rt good read by touching on a lot of issues book raises about living in extreme poverty https://… 
rt almost 16 million americans live on some $8.60 a day or less . the latest column from … 
rt no other advanced nation tolerates this kind of deprivation of its citizens : read : via the new york … 
politics and policy changes in government assistance programs are leaving behind the people that need them most . 
reminds us of the work that orgs like client do to help the poor , esp at thanksgiving 
this trend makes private philanthropy to fill the gap even more important 

how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia 

" in praise of the good enough holiday " 
a rough-around-the-edges holiday is not only just as good , but often better 
never before have so many worthy options for decorating and 
personal is more important than perfect this holiday season 
i know this is just some other bs nyt think-piece about the state of humankind in the modern world , but it's good -> 
has social media killed our entertaining buzz ? 
" that which is recorded on the heart is , alas , not instagrammable . " 

rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attacks … 
police say target of raids was belgian suspect 
the paris prosecutor’s office said that the target of raids in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis was ... 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing … 
rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the at … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attac … 
points : police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , th … 

7 bryant park embraces its place in the 
this piece on 7 bryant park in manhattan is great , has me thinking about buildings playing off spaces in seattle . 
hmm . / last week / this week 
7 bryant park embraces its place in city •go to for a great website with wise advice on life 
7 bryant park .... the newest office gem built thanks to the revival of bryant park 
two conclusions from this article : i need to visit 7 bryant park , and i need to read whatever harry cobb has written 

prayers for maxime : looks like i had a distant relative among the victims of the paris attacks , 
maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the bataclan concert hall 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan massacre 
remember maxime bouffard — via 
points : maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the batac … 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan mas … — via 

storm system batters colorado and 
same storm blocked both co residents in the snow and brought tornadoes to tx tuesday 

nyt now : live updates on the terror attacks investigation 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of d … — via 
charlie hebdo : “ screw them . we have champagne . ” 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of defiance 
live updates on the terror attacks investigation – via 
how do folks feel about charlie hebdo's cover ? is it bold ? insensitive ? both ? i want to say both . 
les inrockuptibles , charlie hebdo and others remain defiant against extremism 
ahh i love the french so much . " they have weapons . screw them , we have champagne ! " 
. on the latest charlie hebdo cover , and the message of defiance in french media after 
cover junkie 

rt after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via nytopinion 

following a musical thread throughout his life — - via 
matthieu mauduit , whose brother died at the bataclan , has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's memory 
nytimes : matthieu mauduit , whose brother died at the bataclan , has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's m … 
matthieu mauduit , whose brother died at the bataclan , has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's memo … 
following a musical thread throughout his life via here's a temporal one : 
feature of cédric mauduit one of the many victims : following a musical thread throughout his life via 

an african king in 
rt a simple , humble african king in bolivia 
from randall's page 
" ... to the king ! " 
features communities that are home to approximately 2% of uac-cp students . 
this modest monarch can trace his lineage to west africa , where his ancestor prince uchicho was enslaved in 1820 . 
lost royalty ? 
how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia via 
new article in nytimes about the afro-bolivian king , julio pinedo ... 
just across from the touristic village of coroico , lives one of the remaining african kings !... 
rt jamesestrin : a simple , humble african king in bolivia nytimesphoto … 

what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis 
boingboing : rt nytimes : what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis … 

new ebola death in liberia days after nyt publishes looks like is still having trouble managing flow of info 
guinea : last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
rt nubia 1st baby to survive ebola having been born to infected mother … 
last patient receiving active ebola treatment had to post twice bc seriously this article is everything ! 👏🏻👏🏻 
celebrating baby nubia , possibly the ebola epidemic's last patient 
remember the last " keep ' em out of our state ! " scare ? 
guinea , last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 

" what does marco rubio actually think about syrian refugees ? " 
where did he lie ? rubio was in favor of bringing in refugees back in september . 
go here to see a video on it : 
gop " we need to vet these refugees more " . well here is video to show you exactly what they go through now : 

frozen lion cubs still have their fur 12,000 years later 
two ice age lion cubs found frozen in siberian permafrost . 
there is a place called the kingdom of permafrost museum ..! i want to visit . 
a furry pair of lion cubs born in the ice age have been found " perfectly frozen " in the siberian arctic 
frozen lion cubs found in siberia still have their fur 12,000 years later 
cute little cave lion , only 12,000 years old : 
frozen lion cubs still have their fur 12000 years later - new york times 

in iceland , a literary tour explores rich history 
iceland has more books published , more books read per person than anywhere else in the world 
" i could write here , i thought . there is a constant struggle in this place " 
in a literary tour explores rich history 
a tour of explores rich history 
iceland , a country of story-tellers , with an almost 100% literacy rate 
icelanders , a nation of storytellers . nice piece by 
iceland has more books read per person than any other country ... 
a literary tour in iceland , where a culture of storytelling seems to be the source of their greatest national pride : 
in iceland , literary tour explores rich history one of the traits that made isl the most magical place i've visited 
rt icelandinus : in from nytimestravel 
rt in from 
fantastic article on the literary scene in iceland : a nation of readers and writers . 

photos of the day 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

to retool as 
. to retool as site 
gawker to retool as politics site . 
rt gawker will retool as a politics site ahead of the 2016 election . 
here's to hoping investigative journalism will be a part of that retool . that is what the marketplace needs 
rt stick a fork in gawker , it's done . i expect nick denton's mocha boytoy to rape him in divorce court soon : … 
rt gawker is going to become a politics site : 
. to retool as site by 
i'm not sure if i'm sad or excited that is retooling as a political site . 
gawker's rebooting as a political site , shifting celeb/pop culture news to jezebel , & folding io9 into gizmodo 
rt as gawker and its " journalists " enter their death spiral , we can only hope they take jezebel with them . … 
i love this take on the evolution of blogs 
gawker will now focus on " political news , commentary and satire " inspired by crew p 
gawker is changing focus as part of a broad revamping , will now cover politics , not media 
. to " ride the circus of the 2016 campaign cycle to reorient [ to ] political [ content ] " 
we can help pay off debt . $1.6 billion in loans were issued through prosper in 2014 . peer-to-peer loans through pro … 
gawker going purely political .... 

facing tougher security measures 
travel alert or no , many in u.s. are determined to go places for thanksgiving 
travel alert or no , many in us are determined to go places for thanksgiving - new york times 
facing tougher measures 
americans are likely to see longer security lines and more careful screening during the holiday period . but ai ... 
new york times travel alert or no , many in us are determined to go places for thanksgivin … 
" noted the airport’s version of seasonal trimmings : a police officer with an ar-15 assault rifle ... " 

that cute quiz is a privacy nightmare , using " ... what’s listed on public profiles and friends lists . the ... 
online security experts call facebook quiz a " privacy nightmare " by via 
pop facebook quiz : should you take it ?... 
word cloud facebook quiz : " security experts are now calling this practice a nightmare " 
turns out , there is a dangerous side to quizzes 
pop quiz : should you take it ? - 
hundreds of pop created by a single company are creating a concern 
one more reason not to use fb ... 
hundreds of quizzes created by a single company on the social network are creating a privacy concern . 
pop facebook quiz : data mining at its worst 

vow not to cower after 5 are shot 
gunmen shoot 5 at minneapolis black lives matter protest 
2 men held in shooting of 5 at minneapolis black lives matter protest 
gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of police in minneapolis 
archiving 
good morning ! last report for the week . the " other " headlines will return on monday . enjoy your health , family ... 
video : minn . black lives matters activists vow not to cower after five shot .. anita alvarez comments . on laquan video 
rt " black lives matter " marchers march on - even after domestic terrorists shot 5 of them . … 
jfc . now we've got rednecks in bullet proof vests gunning people down at " black lives matter " protests and ... 
. even the addresses it , somewhat : 
rt prayers and solidarity for the people injured and people still protesting at 

south korea said today it was trying to secure the freedom of nine north koreans , including an 11-month-old baby . 
south korea says it's working to halt refugees ' return to north 
south korea said today it was trying to secure the freedom of nine north ko … 
south korea said today it was trying to secure the freedom of nine north koreans … 
south korea says it’s working to halt refugees ’ return to north 
says it’s working to halt ’ return to north 
south korea says it’s working to halt refugees ’ return to … 
north korea , south korea , china , refugees and displaced persons , political prisoners , vietnam , torture , immigratio … 
the president’s office said that her government was trying to secure the freedom of nine north koreans , caught fleeing via vietnam and now believed held by china . 

rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold . more photos from monday … 
rt a soldier patrolled an empty mall in brussels on monday . much of the city was closed … 
rt photos of the day 
pictures of the day : belgium and more 
photos of the day from 
rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold in the north of the country https … 
rt pictures of the day : 

3 white rhino left on the earth !! death at san diego safari park 
congratulations humans , only 3 white rhinoceroses left in the world with few chances of breeding naturally 
weep ! we will never forget you nola !!! 
endangered white rhino nola dies at ... | 
taking time to watch the video made the sad news easier - nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
so sad . rip nola . 
this is devastating news . endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park ( liam stack / new york times ) 
only 3 northern white rhinoceroses left on earth 
endangered white rhino dies at zoo safari park - only 3 nothrn white rhinos left 
and now there are only three . " endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park poaching , " civil " wars , human indifference . rip nola 
sure , when it is a white rhino , the media cares . 
nola , one of only four known northern white rhinoceroses , died on sunday at the san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left in the world : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left ... blows my mind endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park - new york times 
and then there were three . endangered dies at san diego zoo safari park 
sad side of science -endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zo o-o nly 3 known yet to exist . 
and then there were 3 - devastating 
sad news to hear that the endangered white rhino nola died at safari park 
this is truly sad : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered northern white rhino dies at san diego zoo this weekend . only 3 left in the world 
anf then there were three : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
there are only 3 white rhinos remaining on this planet . endangered white rhino nola dies 
breaks my heart : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
" endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " by liam stack via nyt science 
and then there were three : nola , one of the last white rhinos , died in san diego 
rip dear nola ! you must have been so lonely ... endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
this is what extinction looks like . 
rt awww . then there were 3 : nola , one of the last white died in san diego 
this leaves only 3 white rhinos , poachers would have it at 0 - endangered white rhino dies at san diego zoo 
the last three known northern white rhinoceroses live at the ol pejeta conservancy in kenya , where they roam in a ... 
3 white rhino left on earth ! death at san diego safari park 
northern white yesterday there were only four in the world , today there are three . 

rt a look at the altered images , bogus tweets and odd theories that spread across the internet after the paris attacks https : … 
paris attacks give rise to fakes and misinformation 
text book example on the misleading uses of the social media in emergencies . 
" people will share anything online in order to share something online . " 
when everyone has a voice , you're going to hear a lot of rubbish : paris attacks give rise to fakes & misinformation 
paris attacks gave rise to fakes and misinformation 
rt fascinating read about misinformation in the aftermath of tragedies . 
rumors , fake tweets , and a selfie of a canadian mistaken for a terrorist : beware of misinformation after big events 
not surprising : give rise to fakes and misinformation shared via social media via 
la razón's fake terrorist front page makes it into the new york times : 
give rise to fakes and misinformation , including mainstream media 
paris attacks give rise to misinfo 
read when terror strikes , count on new york times spending its resources debunking and not investigating conspiracy . 
this is undeniably true that on the internet , there is always something surprises you yet it's fake . 
give rise to and | via by 

new york today : ways to give thanks 
wednesday : volunteer opportunities , fairer weather and holiday history . 

security forces swarmed a paris suburb during an early-morning raid 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 
charlie sheen : i paid blackmailers $10 million to keep quiet about my hiv . 
" “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen in an interview with matt lauer " 

. will end in december : via how sad ! i've been to some of these tapings . 
it was delicious ! after 22 seasons , e ! will bid farewell as celebrates its final season in december 
the soup will end in december -i haven't watched it in ages . yet , i'm still sad . 
‘ the soup ’ will end in december 
nyt : "‘ the soup ’ will end in december " by jeremy egner . 
"‘ the soup ’ will end in december " by egner 
" the soup " will end in december as the second commenter wrote , nooooooooo ! 
& soup & will end in december 
rt rt : ‘ the soup ’ will end in december after 22 seasons 
awful news ! e!'s is ending ! 
wtf ?! first letterman , then stewart , now this ? anyone need a dvr ? mine will no longer be of much use in my apartment 
be the snarky commentary on bad tv that you want to see in the world 
artsbeat | ' the soup ' will end in december - new york times ( blog ) 

" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable & , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
after paris attacks , we must stand 
icymi , an editorial in the after paris attacks , vilifying 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable , as a strategy , misguided " 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable and misguided " 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " … 
confusing w terrorists = morally unacceptable + as a strategy , misguided " 
confusing w terrorists is morally unacceptable & misguided perception " 

" we know that when women have access to abortion , contraception and medically accurate sex education , they thrive . " 
" why i provide abortions " 
rt for health professionals like dr. willie parker , providing care is also about compassion for women : … 
" i want for women what i want for myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determination " dr. willie parker 
ob-gyn provides abortions in south because de facto bans deny self-determination , dignity , opportunity to thrive 
laws that restrict access to abortion do nothing to make it safer , only less accessible . - dr. wille parker 
rt abortion provider willie parker is doing the lord's work . let him tell you why : 
as shabbat approaches & we reflect on the week , we express gratitude to dr. parker 
rt " we who provide abortions do so because our patients need us . " ~ dr. willie j . parker ❤ ︎ 
" .. women face harsh life circumstances & incessant hostility , merely for wanting to exercise their rights " 
rt after a morning of helping students learn about abortion , this article rings especially true : … 
thank you , dr. willie parker ! = human rights 
rt why dr. parker is an abortion provider : " because i can ... because if i don’t , who will ? " … 
as this doc brags of his " compassion " for women , you'll find his sole mention of a child in paragraph 11 . 
rt inspired & strengthened by dr. willie parker's commitment to women's health . https … 
" i want 4 women what i want 4 myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determin8n & opprtnity 2 excel & contribute . " 
rt " i want for women what i want for myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determination & the opportunity to excel . " … 
rt we know that when women have access to and medically accurate ... 

rt if you agree : refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 
international relations stories u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned … see more 
u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats ’ 
" many are fleeing extremism and terrorism – from the very people associated with the paris attacks . " 
it breaks my heart that the even has to make this statement : " refugees should not be scapegoats , " via 
live coverage | un agency says refugees should not be turned into ' scapegoats ' - new york times 
refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats’! unhcr statement says it all : 

rigatoni sets you up for thanksgiving - - 
rt recipes for health : rigatoni sets you up for thanksgiving 

at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one 
at princeton , addressing a racist legacy and seeking to remove woodrow wilson’s name 
this week race & the politics of history divides students at another us university 
which legacy should be the lasting one ? princeton ponders woodrow wilson : 
rt front page tomorrow : princeton confronts woodrow wilson's ugly legacy 
there is a bit of schadenfreude in what is happening at princeton right now in regards to woodrow wilson . for ... 
you should be scared , not for the armed poultry though ... 
rt racism has a unique characteristic in that after it trickles down through society , it goes right back up : … 
dear white people , here is an example of decision that is not hard . it is a no-brainer , in fact . wilson's name ... 
. profile of wilson’s racist views omits his party affiliation . 
woodrow wilson naming and shaming at princeton - whatever would they would think if they considered craigavon ? 
i am super tempted to read the comment section ... but i know that no good can come of that exploration . 
been learning a lot about president wilson lately . lots of stuff left out of history books . 
his loved " birth of a nation " - just saying : at princeton , woodrow wilson is recast as an intolerant one 
princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one • a bastardly anti-semite " gentleman . " 
wilson , a heralded princeton alum , recast as an intolerant one . let's not forget his praise for birth of a nation 
princeton , which admitted its first black student in the 1940s , reassesses the legacy of president woodrow wilson 
not recast - just the truth finally coming out . woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one 
it's amazing how money can erase bigotry from history , or at least , camouflage it's presence ! 
as & therefore how do you feel seeing this play out w/marginalized in ... 
take off the name of racist woodrow wilson because his image is tarnished and he lacks the good character needed ... 
" at woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as " a on campus . 
renewed efforts among students , faculty , board , and alumni to discuss 
fucken negros suck its always something with u mutts 
so progressive : “ cultural competency training ” & " dedicated housing .... for those interested in black culture " 
democrats have always been racist ! -at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as intolerant racist 
are we also going to get rid of all greco-roman architecture , and the name of every dude and woman who was sexist ? 
“ if the criteria for naming a building for someone was that they’d be perfect , we shouldn’t name buildings . ” 
as princeton recasts wilson as unworthy of recognition , who follows ? northwestern ? get out your history books . 
erasing history , or acknowledging racial realities ? 
rt we won't bring up woodrow wilson's south africa connections , right 

ask well : eye twitches 
you know that eye twitch you get sometimes ? well , this is why you get it ! 
the the new york times explores the reasons behind the ever so common eye-twitch . 
you know that eye twitch everyone gets once in a while ? well , this is why you get it ! 
dont consider twitching of d eye as good or bad omen ... here is why : -eye twitches 
you know that eye twitch you get sometimes ? well , this is why it happens ! 
what causes eye twitches ? 
rt what causes eye twitches ? via https : … 
important eye twitch news 
do you know why your eye twitches ? 
rt what causes the eye to twitch ? via 
an answer to my problem ... blepharospasm : 
of interest ... 
rt i have always wondered about this ... 
what causes eye twitches ? read article to find out more info . 
ask ny times well blog : via 
eye twitches are often caused by stress , but involuntary eyelid spasms could be something more severe via 
this time of year we get more patients experiencing this common complaint . 
does your eye twitch ? read this to find out what causes it ! 
an answer to a common question ! 
why is my eye twitching ? via 
choice tidbit like our facebook page ... it's an education ! 

who passes ‘ commander in chief test’ ? • obama was born a shiite muslim . his " christian " pastor is a converted muslim ! 
reupping this from yesterday : how 2016 may mirror 2004 on national security 
after paris , who passes the ‘ commander in chief test’ ? 
leaving the democratic party after this election . fed up . 
social event stops : after area , who passes the ' physical object in chief problem solving' ? 
we may not want to politicize tragedies , but tragedies have political outcomes all the same . 

strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results . 
rt 1 . so if us can give france 10s of short-notice isis targets w/o killing civilians , why weren't they hit before ? … 
rt results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” - 30 hit mainly outskirts … 
rt 2 . and if not , then are they hitting civilians/accepting more risk of that ? or empty land/bldgs , bombing for show ? https :/ … 
this article on french aviation strikes re raqqa by is on the money 
it seems the are faking the bombing campaign . strikes on raqqa in lead to more questions than results 
“ thank god , no civilians died , ” he said . from 
rt bombing for show ? us , syria , jordan , russia , now france : need revenge on isis ? drop a few bombs on raqqa ! syria https://… 
strikes on in lead to more questions than results 
strikes on raqqa in lead to more questions than results - more " security theater " ... 
french bombing missions strike nothing but empty buildings . lol ! 
on in lead to more than 
" why , if there's is targets that could be hit w/o killing civilians , weren't they hit long ago ? what was being hit ? " 
rt before every brit wets themselves in excitement over bombing isis in syria , it seems french airstrikes are for show . … 
why , if there were targets that could be hit without killing civilians , were they not hit long ago ? 
strikes on raqqa in syria " targeting abandoned empty locations 

aung san suu kyi has moved toward dominance in myanmar . her words have become provocative . 

ireland holds its first same-sex marriage ceremony 

awakening to a raid upstairs , and explosions - new york times : abc newsawakening to a raid upstairs , and explo ... 

experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
" experts explain how global powers can smash isil " via 
. talking about how to defeat isis , laughably out of his depth . how about some expert opinions : 
one of the more reasoned analyses of syria , is and possible responses . 
envisioning how global powers can smash isis 
rt an absolute must-read on a1 tomorrow about where isis came from , what it wants , and how to destroy it : … 
to unify to stop evil isis 
rt public has to see muslims as part of the solution to isis . https :/ … 
“ isis thrives on the failures of middle eastern governments , ” 
an ultimate defeat of the isis cannot happen without a reformation within islam 
experts explain how global powers can defeat isis 
best explainers yet on rise , and next questions , by 
rt more muslims debating islam could help counter - see but are muslim publics ready ? https :/ … 
how to beat 
much of the world agrees that the islamic state needs to be crushed : discussion : " how global powers can smash isis " 
isis , isil or daesh has proved to be as flexible and amoebalike as it is apocalyptic and brutal 
so , the " solution " to isis post-paris is same as before : removing assad , a counterweight to isis . makes sense right ? 
“ there is probably no solution to isis until there is a solution to assad ” 
pretty in-depth ( helpful for the layman ) overview of the isis problem . 
rt " to beat isis , you need the enlistment of the sunni forces that won’t happen as long as assad remains in power . " … 
experts explain how can smash isis 

white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks 
lost in all of the syrian refugee hysteria is question of why pres . obama is only willing to admit 10,000 refugees . 
it's really depressing to me that the world is just now waking up to what has been going on in syria for years 
rt white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & … 
gop : obama refugee vetting “ doesn’t sound at all robust to me " white house affirms syrian refugee plan 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & humane 

first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
world briefing | europe ; ireland : first gay marriage is held 
congrats to cormac gollogly & richard dowling , first couple to legally marry ! 
" ireland’s first same-sex marriage ceremony was held tuesday in county tipperary after the new marriage ... 
top story : retweets first same-sex marriage ceremony held i … see more 
first marriage held in 
marriage dreams coming true on the 
voters approved - here is the 1st ceremony . 
rt first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
first same-sex marriage in ireland today ! 
douglas dalby teaching things mum can't . 
lots of things are terrible , but this is not . the first same-sex marriage in ireland : 
first same-sex marriage ceremony in ireland 
[ josh and skinner sit down . ] josh , the language doesn't prohibit same-sex marriage . josh of course it does . 

. " extreme weather tied to more than 600,000 deaths over two decades . " 
extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 decades 
600k deaths over the course of 20 years attributed to extreme weather . 
myanmar continues search after deadly landslide at jade mine 
extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over two decades via 
extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 20 years = total u.s vehicle deaths 
extreme weather tied to over 600000 deaths over 2 decades - new york … via 
report : extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths and $1.9 trillion in damage over 2 decades 
rt un report : weather disasters injured 4.1 bn people in last 20 yrs , caused trillions in damage , and will keep rising https … 
new study cites terrible human , financial cost of induced severe weather : 
600,000 deaths laid to weather 
according to extreme weather is tied to over 600,000 deaths over two decades via 
top story extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 deca … see more 
extreme weather tied to more than 600,000 deaths over 2 decades - 
rt a u . n . -backed climate meeting starts next monday in paris . more than 120 national leaders are set to attend … 
extreme tied to over 600,000 deaths over two decades , via - 
rt the u.n. is warning that the frequency and impact of weather-related disasters will rise 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 
points : angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had … 

rt bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo 

jonah lomu , 40 , dies ; rugby superstar melded power and speed 
nyt coverage ... jonah lomu ; rugby superstar melded power and speed 
:: jonah lomu , rugby superstar , dies at 40 
we had a lovely evening last night at the shop in together with friends from and ... 
jonah lomu , one of rugby's greatest players , dies at 40 - new york times 
jonah lomu's obituary in the new york times . 
nyt explains rugby ' object is to advance the ball across a goal line , w the most points given when it is run across ' 
ny times : superstar , dies at 40 
" ... a sprinter’s speed that , in such a big man , seemed unfair . " jonah lomu explained , by & for americans . 

carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
" ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to presid … 
carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president via 
ben ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
first draft : ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to ... 
first draft : ben carson's ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
the 1st doc quoted is my doc and what he says is part of why i respect him so greatly . 
first draft : ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transiti ... unete a 
first draft : carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition ... 
news " ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition … 
first draft : carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed … 
" carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president " … 
" carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president " by steve eder and pam b … 

randall munroe's fans include bill gates and neil gaiman . his new book is " thing explainer . " 
. explains it all for us 
looking for a physics-cartoon-nonfiction expert ? here's on author randall munroe 
randall munroe explains it all ( and simply ! ) in thing explainer , on sale now : 
alumnus randall munroe ' 06 is profiled in today's talking about his new book and how cool science is 
it sounds like everyone should get the " thing explainer . " lovely to have it all explained . 
what would happen if a pitcher threw a baseball at 90% the speed of light ? 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 

2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
global islamist terror : two air france flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over phoned bomb threats ... from usa 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over concerns 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over security concerns - new york times 
leia no > 2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over secur … see more 
2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over security concerns - 

nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
not-so-great times in brooklyn , either . the state of the nets , by 
nets ' disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
nets and celtics ; some things never change 
wrote a column about the sad fortunes of broooklyn .... broooklyn 
boo hoo , brooklyn : 
dating single on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting w ... 
it could always be worse ... a lot worse : 
great story idea , but man is it over-written 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps … 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting … 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

pop music might change , but adele doesn't . reviews her new album " 25 . " " 
pop music might change , but adele doesn't . joncaramanica reviews her new album " 25 . " 

manhattan dentist’s lawyer suggests client was high when he spoke with i ... 
lawyer for chelsea dentist accused of meth , child-porn possession suggests client was high when he made wild claims : 
manhattan dentist's lawyer suggests client was high when he spoke with informer 
brooklyn in the building via nyt 

diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in st. -denis 
rt nytimes : diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in st. -denis 
rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in the french national police said . … 
heroes come in all shapes and sizes . thank you for your bravery , diesel . 
this just destroys me , zero respect for any life . send isis to hell . via nytimesworld 
diesel , police dog , killed in raid on terrorists , which may included female suicide bomber 
rt a police dog named diesel died in st. -denis raid 
rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in https … 

video game is built to be prescribed to children with 
video game is built to be prescribed to children with a.d.h.d. 
anthony ashford keith paul andrew epifanio 
videogame is built to be prescribed to children with adhd 
video game for kids w/ adhd . interestingly , shire was an investor & helped design study $shpg via 
video game developers are working on a game for kids with adhd 
' project : evo ' creators seek approval for physicians to prescribe its to treat via 
new video game is built to be prescribed to kids with adhd . 
one game maker plans to seek approval to allow doctors to prescribe its game to treat adhd 
video game built to be prescribed to children with a.d.h.d , will seek fda clearance 
scientists hope brain games will be prescribed for adhd , the way meds are now : via 
video games can help with if used the right way ! 
c8 sciences featured : is built to be prescribed to children with via 
video games for adhd kids . adderall manufacturer helped design study . very interesting . 
video game that can improve attention in kids w/ adhd via 
by is built to be prescribed to children with via 
game is built to be to children with 
game maker plans to seek approval from for video game ( project : evo ) meant to treat children with 
is built to be to children with via 
video game is built to be prescribed to with a.d.h.d. 
is built to be prescribed to with a.d.h.d. via 
a video game for kids with adhd . this can make everyone happy . 

your wednesday briefing 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 
busy morning ? here's what you need to know to start your day . 

isis women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
why enlist in “ for me , it was about power and money , mostly power , ” 
a real insight into life under is -> isis women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape -nyt 
rt heartbreaking story of what happens to the lives of women who become isis moral police . as with every form of ... http … 
another article 
rt how isis takes over the culture and expands ... 
rt inside isis : great revelatory piece .. dont miss it : 
rt " syrian women tell how they were forced to work with isil & why they fled .. " 
turkish isis fighters in isis capital raqqa … … 
rt i don't understand how this is happening in the 21st century . 
interesting read . they're like the mafia . " isis women & enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
syrians are second-class citizens in raqqa now . 
syrians abandoning their country , leaving a void to be filled by foreigners who held nothing of syria in their hearts 
" but all of syria , it seemed , had become about death . " 
a must read article on anguish & escape by my friend 
rt how three women survived the islamic state , and then escaped . 
3 ) feature article 
reminded me of your article on 
a really harrowing read but it must be read . isis women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration ... 
“ i'll never return to raqqa . too much blood has been spilled .. — i'm not talking just about isis but among everyone ” 
from beaches and bikinis to the islamic state's female morality police - window into life in raqqa : 
try them as terrorists , no pity from me . " ... to survive the occupation of raqqa by aligning with the organization " 
life in raqqa , capital of isis 
and enforcers in recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
rt first in-depth look at life of 3 syrian women in raqaa under isis , including as part of its all-female moral brigade htt … 
i would encourage everyone to read the wonderful piece on isis women for the nytimes 
women of is seek power , status , money ; use org for petty disagreements ; leave when personally inconvenienced . 
if isis achieves their goals of taking over the world her i s a glimpse of what life would be like 
fantastic read from on the women who marry into isis to save their families : 

the cooking for 2015 is awesome . 
looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative recipes a try ! 
last-minute recipe ideas for thanksgiving ! 
last-minute recipes for thanksgiving ! 
need help with your thanksgiving feast ? take a look at the new york times ' thanksgiving 2015 webpage . 
need some last-minute thanksgiving dinner inspiration ? 
t'giving menu planner- yum ! 
thanksgiving for all build a feast to please everyone 
thanksgiving recipes - nyt cooking 
brilliant menu planner - thanksgiving recipes 
all the recipes you need for thursday . 
this site by is beautifully done ! don't mind me .. i'll be home drooling tonight . 
it's a great time to start thinking about thanksgiving recipes ! check out a few cooking tips and tricks here : 
an interactive meal planner for holiday feasts . via 
thanksgiving guide 
how to make potatoes - nyt cooking 
loading … 
yummy recipes for thanksgiving from the new york times ! 
the thanksgiving recipes are up . i feel stuffed just looking at them ! - nyt cooking 
amazing 
let's see if my meal is edible this year . i try and try and try . 
new york times interactive thanksgiving menu planner 🦃 
getting lost in this thanksgiving meal planner feature . everything looks so good . ( maybe b/c it's dinner time rn ) 
our menu planner will help you craft the best thanksgiving for everyone at your table . 
build your go big or go home , i say : thanksgiving recipes 
rt how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . https : … 

on campus : stories from new york times readers 
interesting compilation of stories of racism on college campuses across the u.s. 
on campus : stories from readers . 
students from colleges across the us share their stories of on campus 
rt racism on campus : " last semester a makeshift noose was hung on my campus at the student center . " 
rt racism on campus : i had less of overt but masses of microaggressions so totally related to thes … 
racism on campus : i had less of overt but masses of microaggressions so totally related to these in 
as a student i am glad this made such an impact on campuses across the us . 
a rough read , but will it persuade white readers that racism is a problem ? racism on campus : stories fr nyt readers 
rt nytimes reports on racial hate crime on campus -- a pocahottie costume . 

what will it take to destroy isis ? experts from around the world weigh in . 

a side serving of science for your next birthday party 
a side serving of for your next birthday party thanks 
watching popping balloons with a high = speed camera : 

belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbeek 
top story : retweets police raid house in troubled brussels … see more 
top police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - the new york t … see more 
police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - new york times 
- police raid house in troubled neighborhood — 
points : belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbe … 

something happened in network tv that's almost unheard-of these days : a show got canceled . 

rt after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via 
after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via nytopinion 
" after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via " = f 

director repeats call that ability to read is crucial 
wants 
rt exploiting paris attack , fbi director repeats call demand to read encrypted messages ( still no evidence it was used ) https : … 
director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages is crucial 
the terrorist attacks in paris may have changed the politics on both encryption and a range of .. 
law enforcement needs ability to read encrypted messages from smartphones despite moves by apple , google & facebook 
never waste a good crypto crisis 
the is renewing its argument for agency access to encrypted information : via 
cybersecurity : f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages is … 
director repeats message - " the ability to read encrypted messages is crucial " 
with mobile encryption keys no longer held by suppliers , many data transmissions remain inaccessible to the law . 
fbi isn't asking for laws to create backdoors . it's just saying it needs to break encryption or the sky will fall . 
typical - destroy everyone's rights b/c a rare few abuse them . " fbi director : reading encrypted messages is crucial " 
retweeted glenn greenwald ( exploiting paris attack , fbi director repeats call demand to read ... 
rt the f.b.i. director repeats the call that the ability to read encrypted messages is crucial . https … 
top story : f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages … see more 
ny times politics newtop story : f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to re … see more 
f.b.i. director james comey repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages is crucial via 
rt the fbi director is pushing for authority to read encrypted messages , the last bastion of privacy … 
the director repeats call that ability to read messages is crucial 
world 

the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
the uncommon of parisian street life : 
interesting article in light off last weeks events ... 
the indelible intertwining of paris life+its urban fabric+how this contributes to its resilience : via 
a lovely piece by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life via 
great piece on the resilience of life in cheers from 
former muse educator & historian of on street life & how it will endure : 
the uncommon resilience of paris street life : 
the streetlife of the blocks where the paris attacks took place is resilient : they were as busy 100yrs ago as today 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
100-yr-old postcards of paris terror sites show same streets & storefronts , treasured because so inviting 
" people still go out b/c going out is something that paris invites us to do . " fantastic piece via 
rt wonderful article by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life 
it is good to know after the paris attacks that life will continue as it has for more than a century in the ... 

abaaoud's own family wanted him dead father mourns 13-yr-old son , abducted to syria by brother abaaoud . 
an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead . 
rt first thing to know about abdelhamid abaaoud , target of this morning's paris raid : his own family wants him dead . https : … 
notable fact about paris attacker from policy perspective is his links to movement in libya and not just syria 
abaaoud's own family wanted him dead he flunked out of upscale school , turned to petty crime , drugs , then 
rt isis militant his own family wanted him dead by andrew higgins & 
here's the article pegging his education as catholic school boy's rather than an islamic school : 
rt the chief suspect in the paris attacks was wanted dead by his own family . 
another good read on this : 
when the family of abdelhamid abaaoud received word from syria last fall that he had been killed fighting for the ... 
rt 1st thing to know about abaaoud , mastermind of his own family want him dead . ht … 
“ we are praying that abdelhamid really is dead , ” 
“ we are praying that abdelhamid really be dead ” - yasmina said 
“ i can’t take it anymore , ” omar abaaoud told local reporters at the time . “ i am on medication ” 
an islamic filth holy warrior from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
more on abdelhamid abaaoud , whose own family wanted him dead 
rt the leader of the lived a pretty cushy life . he wasn't poor , uneducated , aggrieved etc … 
rt 1/2 nyt reporting on paris attacks plotter abdelhamid abaaoud's links with al-battar battalion in syria . … 
doesn't matter what country they're from . islamic terrorist born in brussls are really 
isis mastermind studied in an exclusively catholic school and was a notorious drinker at his local bar 
rt isis militant whose own family wanted him dead deeply reported & a great read htt … 
rt sadly , not all " syrian refugees " are good people . 
' we are praying that abdelhamid really is dead . ' the isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt social networks , not communities , are often key in radicalizing and empowering those who carry out http … 
think isis = islam ? i give you the mastermind of the paris attacks ... a two bit thug whose own family despises him . 

charlie hebdo's latest cover offers a message of defiance 

isis shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet 
isis shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet : via 
rt in its magazine , is shows picture of what it claims is the type of schweppes soda can they used as an ied on plane https :/ … 
what's going on ny ? isis shares image of explosive it says brought down … get found -> 
rt isis brags about explosive that brought down russian jet 
“ it was a rash decision of arrogance from russia , ” the article says . “ and so after having discovered a way to ... 
isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian jet 
daesh claims this was the bomb that destroyed russian commercial passenger jet via 
shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet — 
the ied says its militants used to take down the russian metrojet over egypt : 
isis shows off bomb it says downed russian jet 
rt isis photo of what they say is the ied that brought down the russian plane in the sinai : https :/ … 
shares image of it says brought down jet 
unbelievable ! check out the improvised explosive device used to bring down a russian airliner over the sinai ... 
how do y'all kno all of this i don't get it man smh 
shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet - the new york times 
and now you know why banned liquids . 
scary !!!! - 
isis shares image of soda-can explosive it says brought down russian jet — via 
isis shows off bomb it says brought down jet 
whaaa ? that queazy feeling when the internets are being used by : isis sharing image of bomb on its on line magazine ! 
the manhunt for the paris attackers - the new york times - 
top story : retweets isis shares image of explosive that it … see more 
isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian … — via 
looks like clock boy has been at it again ... 
most surprising part of this is that isis has a " glossy online propaganda magazine " called dabiq : 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
nytimes : anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 

ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , says former ex-cia advisor says 
ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers s 
rt not a good look when your advisers are giving quotes like these * on * the record : … 
this can't be real , right ?... 
rt the fact that this carson adviser tells the nyt this on the record just blows my mind ... https :/ … 
frontrunner : is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
carson aides admit candidate needs work on foreign policy : 
carson aides say he needs weekly foreign policy briefings to " make him smart " 
mt fascinatingly indirect way to report man running for president , leading in polls doesn't know shit 
rt top advisor : he needed weekly conference calls briefing him on foreign policy so “ we can make him smart . ” … 
rt i still cannot believe this ben carson story . just amazing . 
rt for the foreign policy may just be too much for him to handle . 
rt this was on the record ?!? 
rt this is carson's own advisor , on the record . 
is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say reboot 
nobody has been able to sit down with carson and have him get one iota of intelligent information about middle east 
rt i feel like ben carson's next debate prep is going to be really awkward 
there it is . carson's " mentor , " claridge , was reagan's cia man for latin america ... connect the dots and you get ... 
rt carson aides say he needs weekly foreign policy briefings to " make him smart " … 
rt this new york times article says that ben carson is struggling 2 grasp foreign policy not qualified 2 be president htt … 
rt this piece on carson and his struggle to grasp foreign policy is a must-read : 
if he can't handle foreign policy and foreign affairs you are not the person to run this country ! 
rt love their candor ! carson aides say he needs foreign policy tutoring '' so we can make him smart . '' - https … 
rt two of ben carson's own advisors say that he's struggling to grasp foreign policy . yeah , guys , we noticed . … 
rt with bonus ethnic slur about the chinese as the kicker 
is struggling to grasp foreign policy , his own advisers say . 
advisors say ben carson struggles to grasp uh , ya think ? he's usually lost on substantive issues . 
game .... set .... match 
like ... what ? 

isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " 
rt isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " … 

rt this 3-week-old girl is the last known ebola patient in active treatment in the world … 

new york times reviews adele's third album -- " 25 . " legend " holds firm " despite absence . 
best correction ever . cc : 
rt best correction ever ? 
review : adele holds firm on ‘ 25 , ’ even as pop shifts . 
rt everyone makes mistakes , everyone has those days . 
rt excellent nyt correction , via 
rt correction of the day 
cheers to new album ! brb locked in my room all weekend listening to 
correction of the daaaaaaay . 
update for -the correction has been amended ! 
adele holds firm on ' 25 ' even as pop shifts 
have you listened to yet ? says is " at her savviest . " read : 
correction : adele sings “ hello from the other siiiiiide … ” ; “ hello from the outsiiiiiide ” appears later … via 
review : adele holds firm , even as pop shifts 
the homie reviewed ' 25 ' album for the he used some big words , but i think he liked 
absence has a way of ossifying an idea and amplifying a legend 
do better ! @ nyt 😉 
rt adele’s “ 25 ” has one transcendent , face-melting song , a bunch of good ones , and one by tobias jesso jr. … 
correcting the record , one belted lyric at a time 
the correction that ran w/ the review of " 25 " hit all the right notes ! 
i love that is not embarrassed to correct mistakes . 

meeting with urges to escalate fight 
new york times meeting with françois hollande , obama urges europe to escalate isis fight new york times washington … 
meeting with françois hollande , obama urges europe to escalate isis fight - new york times : new york times meeting … 
world news >> " meeting with françois hollande , obama urges europe to escalate isis fight - new york times " 
w/ hollande , obama urges eur to escalate fight on isis against which us also wages econ . war 
françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the president offered his visiting french counterpart wor ... 
françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the french president arrived in washing ... 
books of the times : review : christopher hitchens expounds in â€˜and yet ... â€™ 
hollande and obama meet to pl ... | … 
what's going on ny ? françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight - new … get found -> 
youtube kids app faces new complaints 
nyt global : françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the french president arrived in washington ju ... 
françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the french president arrived in ... read now ! 

thanksgiving flight patterns 
pumpkin pie in miami : flight patterns via 
mymarketinsight : pumpkin pie in miami : flight patterns via upshotnyt 
rt pumpkin pie in miami : flight patterns via ht … 
rt where americans fly for thanksgiving . 
the folks at the are mapping stuff again , check out their thanksgiving holiday flight pattern analysis . 
where are you going this there's clearly lots of family in miami/hawaii ! :-) 
rt flight patterns in the u.s. on 
“ when it comes to the timing of flights , many people approach thanksgiving with surgical precision . ” 
safe travels via 
mesmerizing visualization of thanksgiving flight paths : 
apparently a lot of utahns fly to orlando for thanksgiving or mickey mouse , one of the two 
where ( and when ) do people fly for thanksgiving ? beautiful data visualization from tue not so busy ! 
interesting . 
thanksgiving google search flight data offers some surprises where americans travel for the holiday . 
rt fun data viz from shows that everyone is apparently flying to florida , hawaii , and vegas for thanksgiving . … 
very cool ! where are americans flying for for one . check this out : 

we’re living longer . that’s great , except for social security . 
abolish soc . security wage/salary cap rate of 12.4% ; $ 118,500 for social security solvency/inequality . 
by the numbers : we’re living longer . that’s great , excep 
wrt longevity , problems w/ are tip of iceberg what about household balance sheets ? 
. on how can accommodate more americans retiring but living longer lives 
this is an interesting look at what social security is facing , with some solutions that need to be considered . 
here is an interesting look at where we are and what we can do to fix the problem social security is facing . 
we live longer . that's great , except for social security : fix ss by taking more money in & sending less out ( nyt ) 
we’re living longer . that’s great , except for via 
despite the political challenges , fixing social security is rather simple : take more money in , send less money out … 
not sexy , but can't be ignored in any election cycle . 
we're living longer . that's great , except for social security . 
social security tinkering to make it work for our grandkids . 
by the numbers : we’re longer . that’s great , except for 

the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to residents and commuters 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
top story : retweets paris : updates on the terror attacks - … see more 
points : the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to resid … 

rt studies find declines in screening and early detection of via - 
early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening 
with reductions in screening , fewer cases are being diagnosed . what does it mean for public health ? 
will soon be sharing selfies of my mustache . in the meantime , men's health from 
early cases fall along with screening 
trouble with screening is 3 false positive psa for every cancer . so most cx of severe sepsis in those without cancer 
early prostate cases fall along with screening 
fewer men are getting screened for finds via 
psa isn't perfect but we can be smarter about using it , vanderbilt's david penson tells 
studies show that fewer men are being screened for prostate cancer : 
rt has the pendulum swung too far with reduced … 
studies find declines in screening and early detection of prostate cancer 
“ fewer men are being screened for prostate cancer , and fewer early-stage cases are being detected , according to two … 
according to two recent studies published in the journal of the american medical association , fewer men are being ... 
rt studies find prostate screening , early detection declines . 220k new cases expected in ' 15 https : … 
how can we lower the cost of medical care ? screen fewer men for prostate cancer , and discover fewer cases . brilliant 
here's exactly why men should be screened for prostate cancer - early detection ! 
. reports : fewer men screened for prostate and fewer early-stage cases detected . 
early cancer cases fall along with 
dave penson gives great interview in nyt on prostate cancer screening 
rt fewer men get screened for prostate cancer , and fewer cases are being found . is this good or bad ? time will tell . https : … 
“ with psa testing , we often detect cancers that don’t need to be treated " prostate advice put in doubt by new study 

the band eagles of death metal makes a statement on the paris attacks . read it in full : 
nuff said ⚡ 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 

congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 

warriors 111 , lakers 77 : warriors rout lakers and set record for n . b . a . ’ ... 
warriors rout lakers and set record for nba's best start - new york times 
warriors rout lakers and set record for n . b . a . ’ s best start 
getslimmerquickly / warriors 111 , lakers 77 : warriors rout lakers and set record for n .... 
warriors 111 , lakers 77 : warriors rout lakers and set record for n . b . a . ' s best start 
warriors 111 , lakers 77 : warriors rout lakers and set … 
warriors 111 , lakers 77 : warriors rout lakers and set record for n . b . a … 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
" heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid " fails 
rt french police raid targets mastermind … 
french police raid targets mastermind 🇫🇷 

2 die as french police seek paris attacks suspect ; 7 arrested in raid - new york time 
rt breaking news : two people died in a raid near paris , including one who blew herself up , and the police arrested 7 … 
police conduct raid near paris in search for planner of atta 
" france unsure if raid killed top suspect ... " 
rt breaking news : french police , seeking the planner of friday’s attacks , arrested 5 people in a raid 
the assault began before dawn at a decrepit squat 
rt " france unsure if raid killed top suspect ... " 
great account of yesterday's events in paris from though it's now confirmed the terror kingpin is dead 
police arrest 5 near paris ; woman detonates explosive vest 
414 raids across the country over the past 3 nights ? we might poke fun at the french , but they don't mess around ... 
neither abdelhamid abaaoud nor salah abdeslam were among those arrested by the french police 
unsure if raid killed top in 
rt “ they did not dare to go to the police ” our most powerful weapon in this fight is a r'ship of trust w/ the community h … 
top story : retweets police conduct raid near paris in searc … see more 
" i am not able to give you the definitive number & identities of the people who were killed . ” abaaoud likely dead 
paris on edge as questions remain about suspect’s fate ... 
so two days ago we didn't know whether ʿabbūd was in europe or syria . now we don't know if we killed him or not . 
rt like typical opportunistic power-grabbing tyrant , hollande wants sweeping new authority 2 restrict citizens ' liberty ht … 
rt woman in explosive vest among 3 killed in police raid ... 
french don't know if they got mastermind yet . 
rt " george bush cr8d largest terrorist factory in the world when he invaded iraq , defeated then disbanded iraqi army .. " https : … 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

chief scientist , who orchestrated obesity research , is leaving 
balancing the debate vs . biasing the debate ? good review of coke’s involvement in obesity research : via 
coke & chief scientist , who orchestrated obesity research , is leaving 
coke's chief scientist , who orchestrated obesity research , is leaving 
surprise ! coke is not special . 
coca-cola’s top scientist , who orchestrated obesity research , is leaving 
the global energy balance network has been a public relations disaster for coca-cola . 
rt why coca-cola's top scientist is stepping down under a dark cloud . 
the saga continues . 
rt coke’s chief scientist orchestrated obesity research just like tobacco's medical r … 
why coca-cola's top scientist is stepping down under a dark cloud via 
coke’s chief scientist orchestrated obesity research just like tobacco's medical research ' institutes ' . 
coke’s chief scientist , who orchestrated research , is leaving - disturbing - 
coke’s chief scientist , who orchestrated obesity research ( that downplayed role of sugar ) , leaving via 
calories in v . calories out is bunk nutrients are the " real thing " coke & coke energy balance scientist quits 
fat sugar water company pips science . via 
why you should learn to critique research skewed results & public perceptions 

policy questioned : ... 
concussion policy questioned after quarterback stayed on the field despite showing concussion symptoms 
nfl player's concussion raises questions about consistency in league's new policy . 
rt football : policy questioned -- observers are wondering whether the nfl's system to handle concussions is working . … 
ouch . 
end football would be funny if it weren't deadly 
when will football fans realize that they are increasingly becoming like spectators at a roman coliseum who enjoy ... 
observers are wondering whether the n . f . l . ’ s system to handle concussions is working as designed after the rams’… 
( lack of ) treatment of st louis rams qb suggest protocols are inconsistently applied 
keenum concussion in rams v ravens is a major blow to the nfl . watch for this as evidence in next law suit . bad look . 

senate votes to block obama’s climate change rules 
senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
this is terrifying and grossly negligent : senate votes to block obama’s rules 
works for no concern for or else he would've supported 
rt the senate blocks president obama’s climate change rules . via … 
the senate voted this week to repeal the thankfully , promised to veto and 
the has voted to block tough new regulations 
what now ? ' senate votes to block prez obama’s rules ' just in time for paris . 
u.s. senate votes to block obama’s rules 
category : american politics " senate voted to block obamas new climate regs " 
senate blocks obama's climate change rules - 
tuesday , the senate voted to repeal the promised to veto and 
votes to block obama’s change rules 
senate votes against environmental protection agency rules to cut carbon emissions from coal-fired power plants : 
the political brinksmanship game grinds on : senate votes to block obama’s rules - the new york times 
the us is again primed to enter global climate talks with hat in hands 
senate votes to block obama's climate change rules - 
no objections , republican voters ? money is the highest priority , even though you won't get a single dime out of it … 
dear gop leadership , the future of humanity is at stake . get your heads out of your butts and face reality . 
rt rejects epa regs , but lacks veto-proof supermajority 
rt stand w/ as he defends our against yesterday's senate vote to dismantle https :/ … 
rt stand with barack obama as he defends our against yesterday's senate vote to dismantle https : … 
rt senate blocks obama’s rules - obama has promised a veto 
10 more democratic senators would make all the difference ... vote blue and vote mid-term elections !! " the senate ... 
while american's were distracted , the senate blocked new climate change regulations . 
rt senate blocks obama's rules - 

really important to keep facts together when we talk about the process of approval can take ... 
rt “ the last thing a refugee agency wants to do is give in to this un-american , political and knee-jerk reaction . ” … 
rt indiana gov's ban on syrian refugees forces aid groups to scramble to find family a home https :/ … 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees shame on you gov . pence ! 
foundation grantee makes national news . 
after being vetted/waiting for 3 yrs - 11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 
we put the well being of the refugee family ahead of politics . 
indianapolis or new haven .... if you ask me they lucked out . 
syrian refugees deserve better . insane to be turned away from states after such an arduous journey to resettlement 
one ? here : will fed settle refugees in all states ? as long as other states are willing , no need to push . 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as bars syrian refugees 
this is why i will sink connecticut into the long island sound . 
nov . 19 , 2015 - - syrian family diverted from indiana after governor denies admission 
rt 11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars 
bravo connecticut for accepting this syrian family that was turned away by the state of indiana . 
11th-hour detour puts family in ct as indiana bars syrian refugees ; excellent description of refugee vetting . 
indiana goes on my boycott list . a shameful . 
rt indiana asked private refugee agency to redirect syrian refugees family , and agency then found them a new home https://… 
yes ! opening doors and hearts when hateful governors don't . thank you , new haven ! 

mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , central park carriage 
rt misterpr : finally , some good horse-sense : mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , ca … 
mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage horses in central park 
rt mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage horses in central park 
mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage horses cc : 
rt dsshep1959 : rt horseslivesmatt : mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage hor … 
rt dsshep1959 : rt savinghorses80 : mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , cen … 
rt ewagrniak : rt savinghorses80 : mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , cent … 
rt irishfox1949 : rt horseslivesmatt : mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage h … 
rt horseslivesmatt : mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage horses in central … 
utterly unserious . “ de blasio , despite tough political moment , lobbied council members on horse-carriage ” 
rt politics :( mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , central park carriage … 
moving into central park stables would be a great first step ! seeks to reduce carriage horses 
rt nynewyorkcity : mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , central park carria … 
rt roccony1 : mayor billdeblasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , ca … 
mayor will seek to reduce , not eliminate , carriage horses 
rt laubhoarst : rt mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not elimi … 
rt mjcrouthers : mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , central park carriage … 
rt shantrs : mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , central park carriage hor … 
de blasio wants to reduce number of carriage horses in central park , move them to stables within the park 
rt looks like it's possible at least some nyc carriage horses will be living in central park ! https … 
he just can't help being a horse's ass mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not eliminate , central park carriage horses 
rt why is this still a thing ?! focus on important stuff ! mayor deblasio will seek to red … 
why is this still a thing ?! focus on important stuff ! mayor deblasio will seek to reduce central park carriages 
rt horses an odd cause for bdb , who is pushing council even as he tries to move past iowa fiasco & focus on nuts/bolts https://… 
rt joelmsiegel : " two leaders of nyclass continue to support the mayor ... contributing $10 … 
rt lewsview : rt joelmsiegel : " two leaders of nyclass continue to support the mayor ... con … 
rt socialinnewyork : mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , central park carr … 
" two leaders of nyclass continue to support the mayor ... contributing $ 100,000 this year to his nonprofit group ' 
hey , would ya leave the carriage horses alone . 
seriously ? - carriage horses ? is that the biggest problem in nyc ? or are you just paying off ... 
rt follow_news_jp : mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , central park carri … 
rt zazabelou : rt savinghorses80 : mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , cent … 
rt whoa ! mayor de blasio now seeks to reduce ( not eliminate ) carriage horses . scoop by 
rt ninabernstein1 : rt nytlizrobbins : whoa ! mayor de blasio now seeks to reduce ( not elimi … 
de blasio plan would limit , not abstraction , chordates in physical entity 


engineering mosquitoes ’ genes to resist 
wild release of malaria resistant mosquitoes engineered with " drive " gene . ( hmmm .... ) 
a new mosquito to defeat 
a group led by prof . anthony james created a novel breed of mosquito that they hope will help eradicate malaria 
this is exciting research that could play a key role in eradicating malaria 
engineering mosquitos to resist 
engineering to resist 
science is so cool . great story in on the amazing things scientists are doing to fight malaria : 
here's a scary one : shall we use nature as one giant gmo laboratory ? who cares if it involves some 3rd world ... 
curing malaria by genetically engineered mosquitoes 
now these are some mosquitoes we can get behind to help eradicate malaria . 
a that they hope will help eradicate from the world ?!? yes !! finally !! 
check this out ! engineering mosquitoes ’ to resist 
eliminating malaria and 600k deaths/year . 
altering mosquito to fight ( and etc ) 
engineering genes to resist 
very dangerous ! 
rt gene drive technology could eliminate malaria : pnas open-access paper : 
we just can't wait for this solution to be rolled out on large scale 

. helps debunk some social media rumors around the 
so to be clear : none of the 5 paris attackers identified so far is syrian . … … 
de blasio , police commissioner tell nyc to ignore isis video that hints at manhattan attacks 
french prosecutor confirms abdelhamid abaaoud was killed in raid . live blog : 
updates on the 
paris attacks : live updates vía 
what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 
an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead - the new york times 
live coverage : paris attacks 
rt : : updates on the 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
we should not give the gift of hate via 
nytimesworld : updates on the 
the raid is over , but residents are advised to stay put . see all updates on our live blog : 
eddie 

charlie sheen says he has hiv and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret - new york times 
rt charlie sheen's hiv status : cs says he paid mllions t keep it quiet puzzlng : have we moved on s/ ' … 
rt isn't it time to get serious about wiping out so no one has to be tized ? 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep it secret 
rt we hope . announcement finally quiets tabloids . should not be stigmatized ! 
hopes others with hiv+ status feel less shame . we must do everything we can to reduce the 
rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 
retweeted rituparna chatterjee ( incredibly tragic that an hiv positive celebrity had to keep his ... 
rt incredibly tragic that an hiv positive celebrity had to keep his condition under wrap and had to pay blackmailers … 
*** breaking news *** donald trump announced today , he has picked his running mate : charlie sheen ! winning !!! 󾌲󾌲󾌲 ... 
secrets can never be hidden . one day or the other they get exposed . 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret 
hello , my name is yvonne redmond . why is this such a big story ? people have been diagnosed with hiv for years . has t … 
we can help pay off debt . $1.6 billion in loans were issued through prosper in 2014 . peer-to-peer loans through pro … 
sad but not surprising given his lifestyle 
check out charlie sheen's interview on the today show this morning as he unveils secrets . 
commcore ceo speaks about the charlie sheen interview . 
rt sheen paid millions to keep hiv secret - like we'd be shocked to know drug use , prostitutes had led to bad things http … 
the actor said he had known about the diagnosis for about four years but did not know how he contracted the virus . a … 
rt charlie sheen says he has hiv and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret … 
rt charlie sheen said he paid people “ into the millions ” to stay quiet about his hiv diagnosis ht … 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " seriously ? sorry to say , but you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " really , mr. sheen ? you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
rt charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep his diagnosis secret 
charlie sheen's hiv status : cs says he paid mllions t keep it quiet puzzlng : have we moved on s/ ' 80s ? 
rt he felt like he needed to keep it a secret . we can end stigma together ! 
actor charlie sheen has confirmed that he is hiv positive : 

nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 
nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus via nytimes 
nytimes : nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 

bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo 

facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

your tuesday briefing 
your tuesday briefing - the new york times 
start your day with : " your via 
your briefing 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

rt two of ben carson's top advisers say he's struggling to grasp foreign policy 
we can't be experts in everything . i can't perform brain surgery , but i wouldn't attempt it . 

our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
rt rt nytimes : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of … 
rt our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
points : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feas … 

pecan pie truffles 
don't these look delish , pecan pie truffles 
pecan pie truffles wha ?!? 
i need these ! 
this recipe is a stroke of genius . is my new fav person . 

help wanted : seeks senior editors and a political reporter 
interested in working for 
rt gawker : help wanted : seeks senior editors and a political reporter 
my favorite website is 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ 
" when asked to name his ideal editor-in-chief of denton told the times : , david carr " 
" alex pareene , this month’s editor of " 
re : donald trump , fr . , extend our presidential candidates an invitation . 
site closes chapter on web gossip to focus … 
yo , restructuring is a definitive mixed bag . switch is good , but turning jezebel into pop culture ? boo .. 
is changing its focus 
will gawker’s pivot to politics win over wary ad buyers ? : ’ s newly announced ... by 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ via 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? : vote . via 
" there are no women in denton’s vision of an ideal " woof . 
editor-in-chief : the ideal gawker story should expose meaningful hypocrisy 
is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? | fishbowldc 
gawker to rebrand as political news site : internet gossip pioneer is moving in a new edi ... 
editor-in-chief explains the sites ' politics via 
newstream© : wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or a head-scratcher ? 
will morph into a site focused on politics , its founder and top editor said . 
nytimes : is changing its focus 

rt the paris attacks , planned by men in belgium , shine a spotlight on the " world’s most prosperous failed state . " https : … 
response puts in a harsh light 
rt belgium is being ridiculed as the world’s most prosperous failed state . an italian newspaper called it " belgistan . " https … 
rt " the world’s most prosperous failed state " 
" terrorism response puts belgium in a harsh light " 
getting annoyed of reading that belgium is a failed state . if so , why is it so good at taking half my salary in tax ? 
many latin america countries often discussed as a " failed state . " take a look at belgium : 
usually accustomed to being derided , belgians , too , are wondering what went wrong in molenbeek . 
the belgian interior minister has doubts about if belgium should be a single state . setting a great example . 
an excellent primer on my home , the ed stateof and former hometown 
rt thomasfullernyt : the paris attacks , planned by men in belgium , shine a s … 
rt thomasfullernyt : the paris attacks , planned by men in belgium , shine a spotli … 
link between and is well documented . the case of confirms that . 
nytimesworld : usually accustomed to being derided , belgians , too , are wondering what went wrong in molenbeek . 
rt is mocked as " belgistan " following the paris attacks , the world’s most prosperous failed state ? … 
rt belgian leaders are pointing fingers over who's to blame for letting jihadism go unchecked . https … 
usually accustomed to being derided , belgians , too , are wondering what went … 
usually accustomed to being derided , belgians , too , are wondering what went wron … 
rt belgian leaders are pointing fingers over who's to blame for letting jihadism go unchecked https://… 

rt saeed book bank in that displays 200,000 titles , many in english … 
volume by volume , some of them purloined , an investment in pakistan continues 
a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave an imprint on islamabad 
always a pleasure to visit saeed book bank : a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave an imprint on islamabad 
a storied and its late oracle leave an imprint on 
lovely story by on a family bookshop in islamabad 
rt lovely story a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave an imprint on islamabad 
one of the biggest bookstores is in pak ? where are the “ go to pak ” boys when i need them ? 
wise : book theft is investment in future - a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave an imprint on islamabad 
rt a visit to the saeed book bank in islamabad , which displays 200,000 titles , many in english … 
one man and a bookstore in islamabad 
a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave … see more 
i don't mind going to pak just for this 
a good story of a storied bookshop . a passe-partout for a better life . 
it is an amazing place ... a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave an imprint on 
superb ! simply awesome ! 
since they keep shouting go to pakistan , this looks like a lovely place to visit while there . 
amazing . a country infested with talibans has one of the biggest book stores in the world . 
wonderful story about diverse saeed book bank & its family proprietors 
a lovely story from across the border . a shop in 
rt a lovely story from across the border . a shop in 
nice ... 
wonderful ! " he had always regarded book theft by children as an investment in a future where people still read . " 
rt a story and islamabad destination , for lovers of books : 
rt a storied bookstore n its late oracle leave an imprint on islamabd 
“ we spend $ 500,000 annually in america , and i can’t get a visa , ” mr. saeed said . “ the consular officer said , ‘ why ... 
rt for once in a long time , pens something about pakistan that isn't laced with the tired tropes of terrorism . htt … 
nytimesworld : rt meddybln : a story and islamabad destination , for lovers of books : 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate " there is hope 

sounds delish . worth a try to give them a twist 
brussels sprouts sliders 
brussels sprouts sliders using your interesting 
loving the sound of these . easily made to be friendly . 
for the vegans at the thanksgiving table .... these look good to me ! 
an interesting dish with brussels sprouts .. 
this is a new take on brussel sprouts . i have a stalk full of them in my fridge sourced locally . i can make these ... 
interesting and very healthy sliders recipe .... 
i love brussels sprouts and these sliders look yummy . 

what travelers can expect in paris 

" blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in rugby " 
rip ' a freight train in ballet shoes ' , jonah lomu 
" a freight train in ballet shoes " great tribute to jonah 
" size and speed , jonah set new template in 
ny times : blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in 
rugby lost a trailblazer when jonah lomu fell to kidney disease today at 40 . kia ora , mate . 
rt daniellancaste8 : rt kiisplay : nytimes sport : rugby : blending size and speed , jonah lom … 

love brussels sprouts ? we have an idea for you . 

rt france : extrajudicial searches have shot up since - carried out in haste , under public pressure … 
attacks spur emergency edict and intense policing in 
rt all over france , police are breaking down doors , conducting searches , questioning residents , with few critics . … 
" when faced with terrorist activity , how many rights are we willing to give up ? " 
1,072 police searches and 139 police interrogations , and 117 people have been placed in custody 
rt france interior ministry says police have raided 1,200 premises since 13/11 . [ afp ]; [ nyt ] … 
french push broad sweep for suspects after attacks ; concerns over liberties 
simple attendance at a mosque under can land someone in the ' s-files ' 
glad to see the securitization concerns popping up . europe can't be in permanent lockdown out of fear . 
rt breaking down doors , searches without warrants and aggressive questioning are all now perfectly legal in france . https://… 
rt push sweep for after attacks ; concerns over liberties ... 
france after the attacks - 
take ' em down , get ' em out , keep ' em out . save the world from invading cockroaches . 
pays the bill for the fear following the 
muslim terrorists are frightening us to death ; states of emergency never end . france shows us our future , the ... 

. recounts movement & its influence on political discourse 
one slogan , many methods : enters politics 
pursues new pathways of engaging people for change 
one slogan , many methods : black lives matter enters politics 
rt john eligon's story good to share w/those who mistakenly generalize about a complex movement . https :/ … 
one slogan , many methods : black matter enters 
good piece 
people staying in the struggle ... all day e'ry day ! 
rt one slogan , many methods : enters politics 
is healthier with , " one slogan , many methods : enters 
one slogan , many methods : lives matter enters politics 
beyond amazed and excited by the power of 
good analysis on which is putting pressure on both political parties 
i'm curious to see how black lives matter and other black liberation activists react to this report from 
how about black power brutality via black panthers ? note panther hand sign . 
does this mean whites or asian can do this also ? 
black lives matter enters politics -- will be fascinating to see how activists shape 2016 election 

rt the cult of the toto toilet 
i never felt so clean ! mt the cult of the toto toilet 
" the cult of the toto toilet " think you can relate . 
the cult of the toto toilet via 
nytimes : the cult of the toto toilet 

quote of the day 

how to host thanksgiving : dos and don'ts via 
the times’s florence fabricant gives etiquette advice for entertaining on 
after watching this , i'm feeling confident ! especially since 24 guests will be dining at my house thursday evening … 
video : how to host thanksgiving : dos and don'ts-- etiquette advice for entertaining on thanksgiving . 

