
seeks to ease tensions over shooting down of 
“ i would like to meet putin face to face in paris ” 
i think the un is the enemy of the free world and attacks those fighting terrorism . the un should be disbanded now . 
and , of course , turkey begins to back down with russia 
is this too little too late ? seeks to ease tensions over shooting down of jet . 
facing two strong men , i can say no more than that " both sir , let's be modest in front of a truth of the incident " . 
hard to believe that you can issue ten warnings in a few minutes let alone 17 seconds - hopefully tensions will ease 
retweeted amberin zaman ( erdoğan : “ we might have been able to prevent this violation of our ... 
erdoğan : “ we might have been able to prevent this violation of our airspace differently . ” 
rt turkey seeks to ease tensions the amount of damage erdogan has caused to turkey is incalculable .… 
turkey seeks to ease tensions the amount of damage erdogan has caused to turkey is incalculable . wake up turks ! 
seeks to ease tensions over shooting down of russian jet - the new york times 
seeks to ease tensions “ we might have been able to prevent violation of airspace differently ” 
has no reason to apologize . stop playing and work toward 
nytimes : turkey seeks to ease tensions with russia 
seeks to ease tensions over down of 
new york times - usa - turkey seeks to ease tensions with russia - 

on ‘ 25 ’ : song by song 
3/3 music is appealing to wide range of listeners , kids but probably my parents too . 
2/3 people talking about her lack of social media presence & no streaming . forgot that ppl buy albums for the music . 
1/1 i am struck by how surprised press is by success of album . her voice ... 
someone asked me to do a portrait of adele . i put her on the list . then my brother sent me an amazon gift ... 
adele explains some of the songs on the magnificent ' 25 ' 
every bit of awesome . 
adele on ' 25 ' : song by song - new york times : adele on ' 25 ' : song by song new york times adele's “ 25 ” is easily … 


rt what century-old photos from the sites of the paris attacks tell us about france's capital … 

" as gay rights ally , bernie sanders wasn’t always in vanguard " 
bernie sanders said civil unions and needed to wait in 2000 and 2006 
not at all . it's just -- i always thought he was gay . mandy no you didn't . josh i did . mandy he's not gay . 
as gay rights ally , bernie sanders wasn ? t always in vanguard 
rt gay rights ally , sanders wasn’t always in vanguard he is not trying2setselfapart heis himeself .… 
gay rights ally , sanders wasn’t always in vanguard he is not trying2setselfapart heis himeself . digginup bull s on bs 
you know idolization is going on when people start with their notion of perfection and … 
bernie : not as big a champion on lgbtq rights as he's claimed ( basically making him the same as everyone else tbh ) 
the lack of context here is actually astounding 
really grapsing for straws trying to create parallels betweenn and 
as ally , sanders wasn't always in vanguard 
sanders needs to explain hows of breaking up the banks , climate change , isis , etc . & forget " who's more progressive " 
it would seem wasn't for gay marriage until the vt legislature overrode a governor’s veto . 
" was not “ a real active participant in the fight ” for civil rights .... " 
as gay rights ally , wasn’t always in vanguard 
nov . 28 , 2015 - - as a gay rights ally , bernie sanders wasn’t always in the vanguard 
rt bernie sanders boasts of his gay rights record , but in vermont he was seen as less than a leader on the issue . https :/ … 
if you ignore the first ten highly specious paragraphs , this isn't a bad article . 
new york times has an unflattering article on sanders and his past views on gay rights 
rt " clearly the gayest couple in the history of the world , ” mr. sanders recalled ... 
as gay rights ally , bernie sanders wasn’t always a leader 
rt rt jasondhorowitz : bernie sanders boasts of his gay rights record , but in vermont he was seen as less than a le … 

arena security reviewed after paris terror attacks 

sheds reputation as an easy mark for 
microsoft , once infested with security flaws , does an about-face 
rt yes has changed . once infested with security flaws , it has done an about-face 

- why it takes two years for to enter the & 
why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
and i thought that getting a chinese visa was a pain : 
i'll take french fries with that shake ... syrian refugee protocols already in place 
rt mandatory for our panicked " leaders " who assume because they don't know neither does anyone else https : … 
rt why it takes 2 years for a syrian refugee to apply to come to the us 
retweeted melissa fleming ( reality check : why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter ... 
rt plain and simple : why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
why it takes two years for refugees to enter the u.s. 
the long path to resettlement ... 
rt excellent , succinct info from why it takes 2 yrs to enter the us . … 
why u.s. visa waiver program is more a problem than refugees ... via 
rt why syrian refugees must wait two years to enter the united states . 
rt syrians already subject to additional checks than other refugees . here's the process : … 
rt why it takes two years to screen syrian refugees trying to get into the us 
rt here's why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the united states … 
the long , long process explained for syrian refugees to enter usa : 
rt why it takes two years for syrian to enter the us : 
every1 who wants 2 turn away refugees , plz read this 2 find out just how many layers r required 2 pass us screening : 
rt the 20 step refugee resettlement process that has bigoted politicians and islamophobes so worried . 
rt the vetting process for here are all 20 steps in the 2-year process they go through : … 
why it takes two years for to enter the u.s. 
rt why it takes two years for to enter the u.s. 
rt centerpiece on today's online is syrian refugee process graphic by alum … 
rt why it takes 2 years for to enter the u.s. -- an overview of the complete vetting process : … 
rt why in takes two years to screen refugees 
why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the us . 
rt this is why it currently takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. … 
are you a refugee ? here is the step-by-step to enter the us in only 2 years ! 
facts . 
rt good information on the current screening process in place for syrian refugees → 
rt lirsorg : plain and simple : why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 

rt where isis claims it has struck , and why 

rt facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis 



on high alert since paris attacks , french gear up for climate talks . 
as france applies " maximum security " at 200 events are called off - 
on high alert since attacks , french gear up for climate talks 
on high alert since french gear up for talks 
ocean sciences article of the day - on alert since paris attacks , french gear up for climate talks ( new york times ) 
on high alert , gear up for talks - 
we can conquer and isis with intelligence . both are critical to life . french gear up for talks 
gearing up for an unfamiliar paris . 
on high alert since french gear up for climate talks 
top story on high alert since paris attacks , french gear up for c … see more 
on high alert since paris attacks , fre ... | … 
vist- high alert since paris attacks , french gear up for climate talks - new york tim … 
high alert since paris attacks , french gear up for climate talks - new york times 

[ olene walker , utah’s first female governor , dies at 85 [ 
" olene walker , utah’s first female governor , dies at 85 " by the associated press via … 
olene walker , utah's first female governor , dies at 85 
olene being , administrative district's first living thing entity , dies at 85 
ms. walker prioritized education as the first and only female governor of the state and established an institute ... 
olene walker , first female governor , dies at 85 : ms. walker prioritized education as … 

[ icymi ] just in time for a glimpse into the brainy side of the beach 
the discovers that people in actually like to think 
a new yorker discovers art & culture in alert the media . beyond the hudson there not be dragons . 
in miami , the brainy side of the beach 
in the brainy side of the 
i've been saying it for years : in there's a brainy side of the beach for cultured travelers 
in the brainy side of the beach ( nyt ) 
let's travel ! 
miami's wynwood arts district in mid-town miami 
" from to wynwood , miami has developed a brainy complement to its long-established beach allure . " 
cultured physical object : in being , the brainy physical object of the beach 
rt in the brainy side of the 
in the brainy side of the beach rt 
it's not don johnson's anymore . nice to see several projects mentioned 
knightfdn : rt andysherry : it's not don johnson's anymore . nice to see several knightfdn-supported projects … 
how new world symphony , local orgs satisfy cultural cravings : v 

two hours into deliberations , a juror in the sheldon silver trial wants out . 
rt two hours into deliberations , a juror in the sheldon silver trial wants out 
sheldon silver corruption trial jury ranges in age from 28 to 69 ; 2/3 of jurors have college or graduate degrees . 
jury deliberations resume this morning in the sheldon silver trial . our tuesday story on the jury craziness . 
a reminder : the jury system may be the best system we have , but man , jurors can be stupid : 
two hours into deliberations , a juror in nys sheldon silver's corruption trial wants out 
can i use this note to be excused from twitter ? 
i bet that silver gets a hung jury : 
in a highly unusual move , a juror sent a note to the judge pleading to be excused less than two hours after the ju … 
such notes from jurors can become an excellent teaching tool in judicial education programs on a national scale . 
rt you can't make this stuff up : simultaneous jury issues at trials of skelos and silver ? … 
so fascinating . this is theatre . 
two hours into deliberations , a juror in the trial wants out : via 
sheldon silver jury begins 2nd day deliberations but one juror wants out : " my heart is pounding ... i need to leave ! 
jury deliberating sheldon silver's fate is as dysfunctional as the nys assembly . pull it together , jurors . 
nytmetro : rt benweisernyt : sheldon silver corruption trial jury ranges in age from 28 to 69 ; 2/3 of jurors have co … 
so who's on sheldon silver's jury ? 7 from brx , 3 manhattan . cabbie , 3 nurses , transit worker --- rest desribed here : 
a peek inside jury deliberations in new york . york 
rt " i'm feeling pressured , stressed out .. i need to leave ! " juror writing to judge in sheldon silver trial deliberations http … 
ok ... i might be a bit biased here ... i just served . but if it is unlawful for a juror to communicate about a ... 
alternate headline : sheldon silver to judge : let her stay , let her stay !! 
juror in sheldon silver trial asks to be excused shortly after deliberations begin 
really great courthouse reporting 

cool interactive graphic from shows how short countries fall in their pledges at 
indcs climate pledges are in . good starting point but much more >> co2 reductions needed to stay under 2 degrees 
how much have countries pledged to reduce their carbon dioxide emissions ? 
will they fix anything ? 
rt what countries have pledged before the climate talks in paris start begin 
commitments are in , 200 countries prepare to meet in paris today . will they be enough ? 
nearly 180 countries have submitted climate pledges ahead of the paris climate summit , 
someone explain china to me , please 
the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? - the new york times 
where do we stand ? change pledges explained in graphics : 
nice infographics on the national climate change pledges ( in fahrenheit unfortunately ) . 
what's at stake at ? clear and effective by 
the paris pledges lower the likely increase to just over 6ºf by 2100 . which means we would not be able to grow ... 
rt the change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? right now , most of the pledges do not … 
the pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
boils it down in simple inforgraphic : why must commit us to more : 
nice charts of the climate change emissions pledges . 
the change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? | | via 
great summary of the global emmissions pledges . it's clear that the private market has a big role to play ... 
falling way short . 
the gap between the climate pledges , and the goal for global temperature rise : 
current pledges for still result in a 6 degree rise in temperature . 
rt our analysis of pledges in elegant interactive from … 
paris climate change goals and discussions very well explained . much more decarbonization : much less coal & gas 
for maximum personal effect share this interactive graphic with your grandchildren . it's from the new york times 
what's at stake in climate talks ? easy graphs show the gaps - the new york times 
superb graphics from nyt showing commitments on carbon gas emissions and the difference they will make - 
☀️💸☃will pledging fix ? food for thought & in 

phoenix forward markieff morris : " yeah , they're a tough team to guard . they shoot 3s like layups . ” 
it’s early , but the warriors are dominating the n.b.a. 
. " as slippery as mercury " ; sum gr8 paragraphs in this piece -- 
it's early , but the warriors are dominating the nba - new york times 
warriors make history with 16th straight win 
mindful hoops set rec , 16-0 . values : joy compassion competition 
it’s only november , and the warriors are dominating the n.b.a. 
it's early , but the are dominating the nba 
“ let’s make history tonight . ” the warriors did just that last night against the lakers . 
sports break : reading about steph curry always delightful esp when article calls kobe bryant the " anti-curry " lol 
. & luke walton creating magic with warriors based on 4 values : joy , mindufulness , compassion , competition : 
playing the warriors is like " chasing butterflies " 
channel core values of steve kerr-joy , mindfulness , compassion & competition warriors make history 16th straight win 
the best start ever in the make history with 16th straight win 

paris attacks give rise to fakes and misinformation 
rt a look at the altered images , bogus tweets and odd theories that spread across the internet after the paris attacks https : … 

a car dealers won’t sell : it’s electric 
don't let car dealers stop you from considering an ev as your next car 
personally confirmed . car dealers won’t sell : it’s electric 
rt because they don't break down and need service dealers not motivated to sell electric cars … 
car dealers not selling cars , partly due to low maintenance profits ? “ there’s no transmission to go bad . ” 
downstream issues . car dealers won’t sell : it’s electric 
barrier to adoption : car dealers " car dealers won’t sell : it’s electric " 
car dealers don't like electric cars because evs don't need much maintenance ! 
" electric vehicles [ undermine ] the biggest source of dealer profits : their service departments . " 
dealers won’t sell dealer profit 3x higher from service/sales ; electric too reliable . 
7/ industry issues also help despite being a " sustaining " innovation . ex : auto dealers won't sell evs : 
another barrier to electric vehicles dealers won’t sell them time to break down barriers 
look who's killing the electric car again : ( watch ) who killed the electric car ? 
car dealers won’t sell electric cars - perhaps because they require so little service 
is it true what they say about yes , it is ;-) | | 
on car dealers sceptic on electric cars : cant wait to see their reaction to driverless : 
car dealers don't want to sell these cars because they are in the business of f*cking their customers over with ... 
a car dealers won't sell : it's electric via by 
a dealers won’t sell : it’s 
why dealerships aren't encouraging customers to get into electric cars . 
great article in the new york times today ! 
nice nyt note about the lack of enthusiam by car dealers to sell electric cars : dealers won’t sell : it’s 
odd bottleneck : dealers won’t sell electric cars 


gotta love for discernment , empathy , and practicality . great examples in " issues ? oh , baby " 
plus : pride at work ; encouraging creativity ; and in-flight manners . 
" an infant , breast-feeding and a wedding " : 
socialqs ! breastfeeding @ a wedding ; job shame ; writing workshop for elderly ; + ice-cold travelers . 
social qs : an infant , breast-feeding and a wedding 
interesting article 
" an infant , breast-feeding and a wedding " by philip galanes 
rt " an infant , breast-feeding and a wedding " by philip galanes 
" an infant , breast-feeding and a wedding " via 
an infant , breast-feeding and a wedding - new york times 
an article about my favorite band the grateful dead by philip galanes via nyt 

nyc's building boom is done by undocumented immigrants who are paying with their health & lives 
profit first , safety eventually . maybe ... 
devastating depiction of life for some on nonunion construction sites during nyc building boom . 
we must remain focused on safety and protecting construction workers during this building boom in new york . 
. this , on the other hand , is a terrific piece of reporting . 
“ most construction sites where workers died failed to take basic steps to prevent them from falling ” 
rt safety lapses & deaths amid building boom in ny . increase in accidents mostly affect undocumented laborers … 
safety lapses and deaths amid a building boom in new york 
safety lapses & deaths amid building boom in ny . increase in accidents mostly affect undocumented laborers v/nytimes 
... found that many could have been , as a federal investigation into one accident put it , “ completely avoidable . ” 
ever wondered about the safety behind all that scaffolding around nyc ? a tally of deadly dangers , from 
is experiencing a huge building boom . but the activity has come at a sobering cost : worker safety 
rt injuries to increase as in rises . lack of … 
injuries to increase as in rises . lack of saftey to blame . 
" completely avoidable " : icmyi , my investigation into the safety failures and human cost of nyc's building boom 
324 workers were injured in the last fiscal year .. permits for new construction projects grew by only 11 percent . 
great article illustrating how crucial safety is on the job . 
rt my deep dive into nyc's surge in construction accidents - most of them avoidable - and their anonymous victims … 
building boom in nyc has a deadly side to it : 
rt important piece by on a hidden tragedy : rise in new york construction deaths strikes poor & undocumented https … 
rt your pos t-t hanksgiving must-read : on the heartbreaking rise in construction worker deaths in nyc : … 
rt cutting corners to bolster building boom : on the rise of construction accidents & deaths in nyc … 
a spike in injuries and deaths in nyc's building boom has mostly affected undocumented workers . 
reveal : a spike in injuries and deaths in nyc's building boom has mostly affected undocumented workers . nytimes : 
rt ny const dths strike poor/undoc-decent piece but lets city off hook too much https … 
rt worker deaths and injuries , many avoidable , rise much faster than nyc's surge in construction . 
reupping this great story that may have gotten lost over holiday : lots to unpack about site safety , immigration etc 
rt can be easy to forget about . construction accidents , deaths climb in nyc amid building boom … 
rt amazing article on the massive human costs of new york construction safety lapses and deaths … 
rt sad increase in nyc construction deaths shows " the city is being built ... heavily on the backs of recent immigrants " http … 
rt " i don’t know if he had any last words . ” rise in construction deaths strikes the poor & undocumented via http … 
immigrant construction workers still face constant danger.it's " christ in concrete " 4sikhs , latins . new victims . 
rise in new york construction deaths strikes the poor and undocumented 
rt must read by on nyc construction boom death toll among undocumented 
there's too much heartbreaking news these days , making buildings should never result in the injury or death of an ... 
rt unacceptably poor enforcement + inadequate penalties for violations = avoidable deaths https … 
rise in new york construction deaths strikes the poor and undocument … see more 
rt as new construction soars in nyc , so too do fatalities and injuries for immigrant laborers : https … 
wow ! front page of nyt today is about & accidents . " safety lapses & deaths amid a building boom in new york " 
wants to deport the very people building his golden skyscrapers in nyc . 
when undocumented immigrants are scapegoated yet are the ones building our cities , and dying while doing so 
rt read this . lapses and deaths amid a building boom in new york 
rt a scary rise in worker deaths -- mostly illegal immigrants -- accompanies nyc's building boom https :/ … 
rt ny const dths strike pr/undoc-decnt piece but lets city off hook too much h … 

ya , thing ? total b.s. 
errors cited in u.s. airstrike on doctors without borders hospital 
rt if attack was in error , why did they keep firing at msf hospital for over an hour ? … 
to err is human , but this mistake is hard to excuse with a fog-of-war explanation . it should never have happened . 
rt " a mistake is quite hard to understand and believe at this stage . " 
rt what the hell ? ac-130 gunship ... intended to target an entirely different compound several hundred feet away http … 
the changing us story , now " human error " , really highlights the need for an 
rt us inquiry into msf kunduz bombing finds multiple errors , still doesn't explain 75 mins of attacks . 
this report is as trustworthy as a police report : human error cited in u.s. strike on hospital 
human error cited in u.s. strike on kunduz hospital 
rt pre-release , us “ officials " talk to about hospital bombing report … 
pentagon blames human error in its heinous attack on hospital needed 
human error cited in u.s. strike on kunduz hospital 
rt easy to get lost given today's events , but us now acknowledging serious errors in hitting hospital in http … 
rt 14 lives lost , 14 families who are struggling human error cited in u.s. strike on kunduz hospital … 
rt anonyops : pre-release , us “ officials " talk to nytimes about msf hospital bombing report … 
lots of incompetency in us air strike on afghan hospital . lots of court marshalls needed . 
who's held responsible for this ? or is it just collateral damage in a war that has numbed the world ? 
human error cited in us strike on kunduz hosp . read abt staff killed 
maybe we shouldn't be bombing when the plane's communication system isn't working . just a thought . 
rt multiple errors cited in u.s. airstrike on a doctors without borders hospital in afghanistan https … 
report cites human error in airstrike on hospital 
' human error ' cited in u.s. strike on hospital v 
rt kunduz hospital bombing investigation press conference is tomorrow . for early info on what it might include : https :/ … 
is reading : human error cited in u.s. strike on hospital 

as sabotage blacks out crimea , tatars prevent repairs 
rt tatar activists block access to fallen power lines 
just as we started to tame the beast , we shoot down his plane and cut off his power - 
read on crimean tatars as part of activist movement amid new tensions between russia and ukraine . 
rt " crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines " by ivan nechepurenko via nyt 
the always forgotten and by suppressed minority of uses black out to make themselves heard 
🆘as sabotage blacks out terrorists prevent repairs‼️ 
as blacks out prevent repairs 
sunday , saboteurs knocked out power for millions in crimea . monday , tatar and ukrainian nationalists blocked repairs 
as sabotage blacks out prevent repairs 
the cutoff of electricity to crimea is stoking tensions on the " border " with ukraine . by 
crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines : moscow — crimean tatar activists and ukrainian nat ... 
rt neilmacfarquhar : tatar activists block access to fallen power lines 
crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines ( new york times ) ( 1301 gmt ) 

. shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches 
" donald trump has never apologized or acknowledged a mistake . someone else is almost always to blame " 
donald trump : catchall phrases , generalities , verbal shortcuts . supporters don’t care about consistency 
rt racism bigotry hate & fear stay … 
donald trump’s shortcuts and stretches no secret his go-to’s are diversion , lies , or 
some of to be donald trump’s favourite ways to deal with a difficult questions ! 
in a drumpf presidency the buck will stop with the intern under his desk . ( gives high 5 to bill clinton ) 
how trump answers questions 
from a look at trump’s favorite vehicle : dodge 
rt " trump has never apologized or acknowledged a mistake . someone else is always to blame . " donald trump , liberal . … 
nyt says trump relies on " salesmanlike stretches " and this is an " echo " of goldwater w/o citing " stretch " by latter 
more shade . 
“ [ trump's ] supporters don’t seem to care very much about consistency ... as long as he’s always projecting strength ” 
uses verbal shortcuts and salesmanlike generalities when confronted w/ tough issues , via 
politicians are not known for adhering to the facts , but trump has shown that voters care less than they ever did 
. this liberal elite has never seen a speech ? it's exposed by the desperation & lies . 

both fanduel and draftkings , fantasy sports websites , are under investigation in new york for illegal sports betting 
yahoo's sports fantasy site is said to be new target of ny attorney general's investigation : via 
end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
end sought to fantasy sites in ny . would be extrodinairy if this industry is killed by regulation 
rt ♟ end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
. expanding on sites 

hey , are you looking at me ? good . now , buzz off . 
hey , are you looking at me ? good . now , buzz off . fame & celebrity today ( 
this doubles as a 2-in-1 deal . 
i’m thankful for at all times 
. on " slow fame , " as exemplified by shia , angelina and adele : 
object's physical entity : hey , are you looking at me ? good . now , event off . 
entity's physical object : hey , are you looking at me ? good . now , event off . 
one more in the long line of victims of the exterminating angel 
" let lady gaga , miley cyrus , justin bieber , drake and taylor swift edit the html of fame . " 
wesley morris critiques , even about movies i don't want to see , are always worth the read . 
nytimesarts : rt johnwilliamsnyt : read wesley_morris on fame , shia labeouf , the jolie-pitts(es ? ) , and how " adele li … 
read on fame , shia labeouf , the jolie-pitts(es ? ) , and how " adele likes being adele . " 
new on shia , angelina jolie and adele ? happy thanksgiving to us all : 
. on shia , angelina , adele & “ slow fame ” : 
. on shia , angelina and the act and art of public obscurity . also , adele : 

rt historian on claims made on plaque at trump's virginia golf course : “ no . uh-uh . no way . " didn't happen . … 
in renovation of golf club , donald trump also dressed up history 
" it doesn’t make any difference . but many people were shot . it makes sense . " ladies & gentlemen , your new president ! 
rt . " get trump " campaign hits paydirt : erroneous golf course plaques . no pol can survive that 
this is objectively the best defense for when a historian tries to step to you 
ha , amazing ! 
peak trump 
he doesn't care about the facts . he is dangerous and scary . beware of liars who believe themselves . 
rt the logic behind a trump falsehood here is a sight to behold 
trump has some profound thoughts on the veracity of recorded historical knowledge . 
politicians totally misunderstanding history , again . trump edition : 
rt classic trump . completely false historical facts scattered around his virginia golf course . … 
rt trump on ' rapists , ' women , mccain & 9/11 muslims didn't hurt him . this bogus civil war plague will be his downfall https :/ … 
rt trump flunks history , again . great piece by 
rt rump " don't know much about history , big fan , though . " in renovation of golf club , donald trump dressed up history … 
ignorance of history is well , ignorant ! 
trump environmental travesty becomes " historic " absurdity 
donald trumps historically inaccurate golf course - classic 
rt in of also " more & 2 
rt in renovation of also dressed up 
rt " how would they know that ? ” trump asked , when told local historians called his plaque a fiction . “ were they there ? ” https : … 
when the rest of us just make stuff up like trump does it's called lying 
rt i was literally saying yesterday how trump-style " there are no facts " terrify me as an archivist , then this story ... https : … 
rt donald not making history , making it up : 
trump golf club . fake history plaque renovation of golf club , trump also dressed up history 
. interviews on the fake civil war marker on trump's golf course 
in renovation of golf club , trump also invented history pro-liar , at it again . leader . 
newt gingrich on dodgy civil war claims from trump : “ it’s a country club with a golf course , for pete’s sake . " 



your friday briefing 
the new york times 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks 
" how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks " by leslie picker via nyt 
the proposed merger between and allergan has helped drive merger activity to a record for 2015 . worldwide 
how the $pfe-$agn deal ranks by equity value , no . 3 behind vodafone-mannesmann and aol-time warner , says 
actually , $4.1 t in 2007 = $4.7 t today , so m&a in 2015 has not eclipsed 2007 
additional ?! er , primary . " for pfizer there was an additional motivation , lowering its tax rate by moving to dublin " 
the deal between pfizer-allergan biggest in history between pharmaceutical companies ..... 
rt $155 billion of pfizer and allergan is the largest of all time 
$155 billion of and is the largest of all time 
with an equity value of $152 billion , the merger is the largest since the heady days of 2000 . 

the serial swatter 
internet trolls have learned to exploit police , and send swat teams to the doorstep of their targets → via 
yet another excellent argument for protecting your identity ( and private information ): , yo , thank you , ! 
want to feel old ? read piece about full-time twitch streamers ( and the monsters who “ swat ” them ): 
and this : 
the dangerous art of swatting : how gamers call the cops on gamers . 
rt might be the most depressing story i've read this year . trolls have learned to exploit our over-m … 
internet trolls have learned to exploit our over-militarized police . h/t 
thank you finley and young for catching this " serial swatter " ! 
all that tactical equipment , and just * itching * to do something with it . ❝ but the kid was exploiting an obvious … 
stalking taken to a whole new level . how to educate the police about this ??? 
" swatting isn’t new ; law enforcement encountered a ring of swatters in the mid-2000s . but the phenomenon is ... 
today's example of toxic misogyny : a guy who went to the length of calling swat teams on women gamers , just for fun . 
rt how internet trolls are using our over-militarized police to harass people - … 
gripping read from per usual . 
rt a chilling story about detectives and online gamers hunting a teenage hacker who sends swat teams to girls ' houses : https : … 
utterly brilliant , terrifying read on swatting - doxxers who send swat teams round to victims ' houses 
sometimes it's not just ' people being mean on the internet ' : 
rt for i wrote about " swatting " hoaxes , & a teen who attacked women twitch streamers & their families . … 
. writes about how the war on drugs abetted cyberstalkers . via 
a serial swatter exploits the militarization of the police . 
the new york times has an article about twitch swatting : 
rt terrifying story of how a canadian troll ruined the lives of countless american women . 
fantastic piece on online harassment + militarisation by harasser sends swat teams to victims homes . insane 
finally finished this slice-of-dystopia : 
when online harassment evolves into a wave of swat raids and virulent personal attacks 
internet trolls have learned to exploit our over-militarized police . it's a crime that's hard to stop and prosecute : 
i’m a little late , but wow , read this story on swatting 
rt internet trolls have learned to exploit our over-militarized police ( article ) - 

rt congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 

rt two iraq war vets have now come home only to die in mass shootings in colorado . ( first was on 10/31 . ) think on that . https … 
colorado victims of white american terrorist identified as iraq veteran and woman from hawaii . 
america's worst killed america's best in colorado springs 
colorado victims identified as iraq veteran and woman from hawaii 
colorado victims identified as iraq veteran & woman frm hawaii what a waste- our hearts mourn with their loved ones 
our thoughts and prayers are with the families of jennifer markovsky ( age 36 , mother of two ) 
rt an army vet and dad + a mom with hawaiian roots were the civilians killed at planned parenthood in colorado springs http … 
victims in colorado clinic shooting include iraq war veteran 
colorado victims identified and announced 
pray for the family of ke'arre marcell stewart ( age 29 , father of two , iraq war veteran ) 
colorado victims of planned parenthood shooter identified as iraq veteran and woman from … 
colorado victims of planned parenthood shooter identified as iraq veteran and woman from hawaii 
the victims of the shooting at an abortion clinic in colorado springs . - susan 
rt in iraq , army spc . ke'arre stewart lived w fear . in the us he felt safe . then he was gunned down @ planned parenthood.ht… 


rt did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? fact-checks him . … 


return of werner erhard , father of self-help : 
big overlap between the lines self-help seekers and political reporters want to be fed . 
charlatans like erhard , robbins and hubbard thrive on human weakness 
werner erhard says , " maybe life is not about the self , but about self-transcendence . " 
werner erhard : heidegger for all : took course in 1972 : 40 yrs & dreyfus ( " all things shining " ) : has this and more . 
pound another nail into the coffin for f . scott fitzgerald’s notion that there are no second acts in american lives 
rt werner erhard , underachiever , caught m.e. in 1996 . recovered in cayman islands , where he bought a house . $ helps . … 
read this if you are wondering about weiner ... 
very grateful to this man . 
rt "' my reputation was destroyed by 60 minutes , ' mr erhard shouted between sips of dragon well supreme green tea " https://… 
rt return of werner erhard , father of self-help : 
the creator of est resurfaces as a kinder , gentler purveyor of self-actualization . 
the return of werner erhard ... 

. which receives around 9,000 comments a day , profiles some of its top commenters 
icymi the new york times profiled some of its top commenters . and it's awesome . 
rt meet the nyt's top commenters . this is an amazing group of humans : 
love this post featuring the nyt's top commenters . such a neat idea . 
times cab confessions : the comment section is so good sometimes i read it before the article 
meet some of our top commenters # 
. commenters add so much to my reading . happy to see so many women/poc highlighted ! 
the profiles some of their most prolific commenters . something about this feels refreshing and classy . 
interesting - the hunter becomes the prey ? nyt profiles it's top commenters 
the profiled some of their top commenters , incl . a 95-year-old sci-fi writer who comments in poetry . 
the faces behind top commenters - so cool 
“ i never liked tv . i don’t need a lot of other people’s imaginations ; i like news ... ” 
rt nyt interviewed and photographed some of its top commenters , including the 95-year-old who always comments in poetry ht … 
my friend larry eisenberg , a retired scientist & sf author , is profiled by for his insightful limericks . 
congrats , walter ! featured as 1 of 14 new york times top commenters keep up your strong voice ! happy 🦃 ! 
the comments on this nyt piece about their top commenters are , unsurprisingly , lovely 
rt charming & thoughtful commenters actually exist , profiled here 
very fun to read - meet some of nyt's top commenters 
the puts a face to the ( user)name and profiles its top commenters . 
because one of the nyt's top commenters is a 95-year-old man who comments in poetry 
rt nytimes top commentors . a fascinating glimpse of some thoughtful participants in the public fray . 
this is 1000x more interesting than humans of new york . 
rt these people are awesome . 
how to encourage good commenting ? here's a nice way : profile some of the best , put a face to a name 
rt til chelsea handler's brother uses the handle " socrates " to rile up the nyt's comments section 
great morning read : meet the top nyt commenters 
meet some of top commenters 
rt what a marvelous idea : the ever-innovative puts a face & a personality to its top onl … 
hey b , if we ever get commenters on our site , maybe something for us ! 
i love this . the profiles some of its top commenters . 
woohoo ! not all commenters are trolls ❤ ️ 
this is pretty neat . the profiled some of its top commenters : 
rt never read the comments 
meet some of the top commenters of 
rt nyt profiled their top commenters . including a 95 year old man who comments only in poetry . https … 
i love this — meet the commenters of the nyt ! 
the introduces some of its top commenters 

rt marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 

inside the gould memorial library 


" cuomo , in shift , is said to back reducing test scores ’ role in teacher reviews " 
it's all about the kids ! 
what role should test scores play in teacher evaluations ? new york is still deciding 
rt opt out works ! backpedals on high-stakes testing and tying to teacher evals 
rt cuomo shifts -- despite previous calls for tests to be 50% of teacher ratings , he is quietly pushing for a reduction … 
nice news from ny , but all the more reason to keep the opt out movement growing , and to keep pointing out the ... 
cuomo is said to shift view on tests ’ role in evaluations 
is it because he's coming to his senses or he's afraid of his numbers ? 
top story : cuomo , in shift , is said to back reducing test scores ’ role in teach … see more 
i love seeing politicians who have never taught squirm . reducing test scores ’ role in nyc teacher reviews 
just common sense ! cuomo is said to back reducing test scores ’ role in teacher reviews 
cuomo , in shift , is said to back reducing test scores ' role in teacher reviews 
how can you improve that which you do not measure ? 

rt telegram messaging app closes public channels used by isis militants 

seeking a deputy editor for 
donald trump rally features circus elephant ... 28 november 2015 , 
my favorite website is 
hmm sounds like that's a reliable source 😂 
help wanted : seeks senior editors and a political reporter 
interested in working for 
rt gawker : help wanted : seeks senior editors and a political reporter 

the videos that are putting race and policing into sharp focus 
a new rodney king every month : 
it looks something like this , for starters 
the videos that are putting race and policing into sharp relief 
helpful to have all these videos in one place to understand why 
rt videos putting race + policing into sharp relief , via https://… 
rt chicago officials released a dashcam video of the killing of a black 17-year-old in 2014 . https://… 
we don't lynch blacks anymore . with ex-post facto drug laws and deadly force we do enough . 
the cumulative impact here is overwhelming . we can only hope it leads to radical change ! 
a lot of white people are truly shocked . i know very few black people who are surprised . 
why they don't want video released in jamar clark's execution . 
saw these videos recently and i can't even say anything ... my mouth dropped , my mind shut down and my heart bled . 
good job america ! you look disgusting today ! 
all the footage still doesn't guarantee justice . transparency is necessary . 

:: 2015 holiday gift ideas and guide 
the holiday gift guide — picks for kids under 12 and more . 
" the nytimes holiday gift guide — picks for kids under 12 and more . " 
2015 holiday gift guide : ese sandman overture deluxe edition estira como loco . 
the holiday gift guide ! i helped ( good thing my kids won’t read ) . 
gifts season !!! [ 
it's time for the annual " completely ludicrous things nobody can afford " list , aka the ny times ' gift ideas : 
dear santa , this stuff , please >>> 
2015 holiday gift guide via 
2015 holiday gift guide from 
not sure what to get the theater lover on your holiday gift list ? we've got some suggestions . 
cute interactive gift guide , nyt 
rt gifts for food lovers 
my are in the " home " section of the holiday gift guide ! 
what will you give your little one this holiday ? 

nevertheless he described this years volume of black friday activity 
online shopping surges as some store crowds shrink 
online act surges as some establishment crowds shrink 
on the hunt for deals on black friday : 
crazy shopping frenzy 😀 everything you want to know about the lines , deals and experience of black friday . 
the hunt for deals on black friday | … 
your tweet was quoted by 
thanksgiving sales kick off black friday 
shoptalk : some stores empty , some packed . online shopping goes up as crowds shrink . - 
black friday offers deals for some , but disappointment for others 
black friday offers deals for some , but disappointment for others - new york times : new york timesblack friday ... 

agriculture linked to dna changes in ancient europe 
' the agricultural revolution was one of the most profound events in history , leading to the rise of civilization . ' - 
can't wait the see the links to the click-bait sites : " agriculture linked to racism . " 
being " white " did not come first . decolorization = adaptation to fix more solar vitamind for those who left tropics . 
new york times article about the arrival of agriculture in europe and the associated changes in human genetics . 
linked to changes in ancient 
agriculture revolution linked to dna changes in height , digestion , immune system & skin color in ancient europe : 
rt icymi , here’s my story on 6,000 years of human natural selection in europe . 
evidence that the advent of agriculture triggered dna changes in ancient europe - and perhaps ibs and lighter skin 
rt attention crowd : did not stop 10,000 years ago : agriculture linked to dna changes … 
rt take that diet - europeans evolved to be milk drinkers & wheat eaters who need less meat in diet thx to agri https : … 
rt linked to changes in ancient europe 
adaptations to agriculture read more like coping ( with a poor diet ) than thriving ( with a better one ) 
rt culture shapes our genes ; fantastic new evidence via & via … 

feature barack obama’s ‘ amazing grace ’ on new song ‘ 
coldplay feature barack obama & & grace & on new song & 
top story : coldplay feature barack obama’s ‘ amazing grace ’ on new song ‘ kaleido … see more 
🎼coldplay features barack obama's amazing grace on new song : 
coldplay feature barack obama’s ‘ amazing grace ’ on new song ‘ kaleidoscope ’ via 
coldplay features barack obama's amazing grace on new song kaleidoscope 
coldplay features barack obama's amazing gace on new song kaleidoscope 
rt coldplay feature barack obama’s " amazing grace " on a new song " kaleidoscope . " … 
coldplay feature pres . barack obama's ' amazing grace ' on new song ' kaleidoscope ' 
rt beyoncé , noel gallagher and brian eno guest on the new coldplay album , a head full of dreams https : … 
partisanship is so bad in washington these days that republicans put obama in a coldplay album . 
ahm ... features on their upcoming album " a head full of dreams " 
. feature obama & & grace & on new song & 
coldplay feature barack obama in new song ‘ kaleidoscope ’ via 
i can't believe didn't already have a song called though . 
coldplay feature barack obama's ' amazing grace ' on new song ' kaleidoscope ' via 
seen this ? coldplay feature barack obama's " amazing grace " on new song " kaleidoscope " 
artsbeat | coldplay feature barack obama's ' amazing grace ' on new song ... - new york times ( blog ) 

rt breaking news : putin calls turkey’s downing of a russian fighter jet near the syrian border a “ stab in the back ” … 
rt downs plane has destabilized world thanks … 
nato-russia tensions rise after turkey downs jet 
rt turkish fighter jets shot down a military plane close to the syrian border on tuesday … 
rt military plane shot down near border , says " bombed civilian turkmen villa … 
rt off to my survival bunker . best of luck to you all . " turkey shoots down russian warplane " https :/ … 
sultan tayyip erdogan ? as it turns out , turkey is the only nato country ever to take military action against ... 
rt turkey shoots down military plane near the syrian border 
not at all funny but 1st mental image given us holiday was of bird reversing roles : shoots down jet | 
rt not sure if this is good or bad , but it is hard to believe what russia says about not crossing borders given crimea … 
rt nov . 25 , 2015 - - turkey shoots down russian warplane near syrian border 
rt turkey shoots down military plane near syria border 
rt turkey shoots down russian warplane near syrian border 
rt cold war overtones : 1st time in half century that a nato nation has downed a russian plane : https :/ … 
rt calls downing of a russian fighter jet near border a " stab in the back " 
rt just as some west-russia progress's made on syria and on fighting isis , this happens turkey shoots down russian jet … 
" nato countries have been concerned about mr. erdogan’s increasingly authoritarian tendencies for some time , and ... 
rt good flight path graphics of russian plane shot down by turkey at syrian border " … 
nytimes still gives good details of rising turkey/nato after the shooting of russian warplane 

thanksgiving recipes - nyt cooking 
once again , i'd like to thank for the thanksgiving advice . i would be seriously lost without them . 
2015 by “ full guide to the meal ” » 
para quien le va bien dar gracias , sino solo por practicar . happy thanksgiving thanksgiving recipes - 
how2roastturkey : make potatoes : tksgiveguide : 
thanksgiving dinner : ideas and tips - nyt cooking 
btw : the has an amazing page with all the recipes you'll need . 
happy thanksgiving illustration by brian ajhar - 
looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative recipes a try ! 
need help with your thanksgiving feast ? take a look at the new york times ' thanksgiving 2015 webpage . 
scrambling for some last minute recipes ? we've got your back ! 
the cooking for 2015 is awesome . 
last-minute recipe ideas for thanksgiving ! 
last-minute recipes for thanksgiving ! 
need some last-minute thanksgiving dinner inspiration ? 
t'giving menu planner- yum ! 
thanksgiving for all build a feast to please everyone 
brilliant menu planner - thanksgiving recipes 
all the recipes you need for thursday . 
this site by is beautifully done ! don't mind me .. i'll be home drooling tonight . 
it's a great time to start thinking about thanksgiving recipes ! check out a few cooking tips and tricks here : 

broncos knock patriots from ranks of the unbeaten 

a definitive debunking of donald trump’s 9/11 claims 
definitive debunking of trump’s 9/11 claims can we give him some slack ? the badger humping his head is taking a toll 
rt definitive debunking of trump’s 9/11 claims 
" but i'm donald trump , and i saw it on tv , and i'm right because " 
political campaigns are notorious for the damage they do to truth ; presidential run = outright falsehoods . 
" ancient , false rumors recycled as truth " definitive debunking of trump’s 9/11 claims 
rt a definitive debunking of donald trump's 9/11 claims via thanks 
why would anyone want a repugnant fascist-wannabe definitive debunking of donald trump’s 9/11 claims 
some trump lies simply cannot be ignored . trump's lie about 9/11 and the new jersey muslims is one ! 
rt wouldn't it be nice to see an article ( or 100 ) like this about climate denial ? 
rt " false report . never happened . " nj attorney general debunks donald trump's lies about 9/11 … 
rt definitive fact check on trump's post 9/11 claims . " false report . never happened . " 
9/11 nj attorney general ( who was 9/11 investigator & meticulously documented all ) says trump claim is utterly false 
hmm .... does the news media just want to sell papers , have eyeballs watching , or do they really follow up on ... 
rt if can't assess facts after 14 years , how will he respond to a crisis in real time ? 

coney island : the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! the art ! 
" an interesting kind of crazy . " the history of & the art it inspired : 
luv coney island . fav place by far is eldorado bumper cars ... where u can bump your ass off ! 
coney island is back ! but here it is before it came back . are you a nostalgia fanatic ? this nytimes article will ... 
rt an exhibition at tracks coney island through its stylish rise , slow decline and eventual revival . https : … 
" coney island : visions of an american dreamland , 1861-2008 " at brooklyn museum : 

rt finding the links among the paris attackers 

rt “ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race 

fury ends klitschko's heavyweight reign with shocking defeat 
tyson fury ends wladimir klitschko’s heavyweight reign 
tyson fury ends wladimir klitschko's heavyweight reign 
rt fury ends klitschko’s heavyweight reign with shocking defeat 
tyson fury defeated wladimir klitschko by unanimous decision to end the ukrainian's 9 1/2-year reign as heavyw ... 
the new heavyweight champion of the world was three months premature and weighed one pound at birth . 3 mos , 1lb . 

rt now i know what to do with my chestnut flour and bag of cranberries . thanks https : … 
rt thnks 2 4 thanksgiving desserts from me & 
gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 
just in time , saw yr chestnut cake ! 
if gluten is something you tend to avoid , has a couple of delicious flour-free desserts you’ll love . 

paul ryan calls for halt to syrian refugee program 
republicans call 4 halt 2 syrian refugeeprogram ( and many democrats joined them , here's why ? ) 

the internet is coming to cuba ! this is going to be the day of histotry ? i think so . 英語： 西語： 
es hora de conectar a cuba a internet 
lo único que impide que millones de cubanos tengan acceso a internet a un precio razonable es la falta de voluntad política . 

rt former guantanamo detainee now fighting isis group led by another former gtmo prisoner . amazing story https :/ … 
rt former detainee now leads war against taliban and isis in afghanistan 
19 relatives kill by the taliban . imprisoned without charge . still fighting . 
rt a gitmo detainee returned to afghanistan and took up the fight against the taliban 
icymi from : once in guantánamo , afghan now leads war against taliban & isis ... backed by us airstrikes 
what a story . former guantanamo bay detainee takes up fight against taliban & coordinates drone strikes with us army 
once a guantánamo detainee , this afghan leader now leads war against taliban and isis . 
a great story ; a sorry indictment of us military intelligence ; + an even sadder reflection on the war in afghanistan 
oh the irony ( great piece though ) ... once in guantánamo , afghan now leads war against and 
rt once in guantánamo , afghan now leads war against taliban and isis , no thanks to america , by … 
great piece by on an afghan governor , once imprisoned in guantanamo , now fighting the taliban 
" among the first to die was mr. ghalib’s brother , caught on his way home from a mosque . after the ramadan holiday ... 
rt just read this such tragedy , in the full epic shakespearean sense 
afghani held in guantánamo 4 years for reasons of stupidity , and now he leads the war against taliban , isis 
rt what a story . former guantanamo bay detainee takes up fight against taliban & coordinates drone strikes with us army https :/ … 
great article by 
rt once in afghan now leads war against taliban and isis 
terrible and amazing story : once in now leads war against and 
rt once in guantánamo , afghan now leads war against taliban and isis - the new york times 


the us is a plutocracy . in few states is this as immediately apparent as in current day illinois . - a wealthy gove … 
a must read for residents . - great job shedding light ... " a wealthy governor and his friends ... " 
a wealthy governor and his friends are remaking illinois : 
a closer look at the money in il politics , via ft . data from 
here's another story of the wealthy trying to buy our democracy away from the rest of us . we have to stand up and ... 
a few rich people are remaking will show who's funding illinois federal candidates in 2016 
rt a handful of rich ppl are remaking illinois & their wealth has shifted the balance of power . https : … 
rt rauner & illinois : the incredibly depressing story of how a tiny group of super-rich people are remaking a state . … 
( mr. rauner , mr. griffin and other supporters declined ... 
this must read story is a real window into how citizens united has tilted the political playing field to the wealthy 
please share this story about and the wealthy elite who are trying to take over our state government .... 
brutal but fascinating look at money in politics in illinois // 
griffin donations to rauner : $13.6 million - more than all labor unions donated , combined , to quinn . just so wrong . 
rauner and his billionares . 
rt unprecedented political spending helped to elect il gov . bruce rauner https://… 
rt a wealthy governor and his 1%er friends are remaking what could possibly go wrong ? … 
not yet outraged at the gross oligarchy led by and his super rich supporters ? you should 
rt democracy for sale , to richest bidders .... who decimate public interest/ wealthy gov & friends are remaking illinois http … 
wealthy elites trying to destroy unions , eliminate spending for the public good & lock in income inequality . 
rt study here reveals richest out of touch with & work vs majority views/ a wealthy gov & friends are remaking illinois htt … 
turning around illinois with wealth and a pro-business agenda : 
" never before in modern illinois politics had so few people provided so much of the money for campaigns . " 
a wealthy governor and his friends are remaking illinois { and not in a good way } -->> 
" llinois falls even further behind on its bills . illinois politicians , on the other hand , are flush as never before " 
& his wealthy donors are reshaping politics via 
chicago goddam : the wealthy dudes trying to reformulate illinois politics 
"‘ if you want black votes , invest in african-american-owned initiatives . ’ rauner was the only one who responded . ” 
topping my tweeted times : a wealthy governor and his friends are remaking illin … see more 
top story from my followers : a wealthy governor and his friends are remaking il … see more 
a must-read macro look at the billionaires trying to dismantle public institutions in illinois 
anonimo mannucci tweeted times a wealthy governor and his friends are remaking … see more 
rt leave it to to report on rauner's " ideological bent " as if the democrats ' agenda hasn't broken il . … 
griffin family’s donated $13.6 million to rauner , more than the total sum donated to quinn by 244 labor unions 

mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency : 
just hope folks are making more $ before subsidies are lifted | detour from scion to presidency 
read the new york times profile of argentina's president-elect mauricio macri via 
interesting read about life of mauricio macri 
with president-elect who lists both freddie mercury & howard roark as influences , argentina has nowhere to go but up 
took detour from life as scion t argentine presidency 
a look at mauricio macri , president-elect of argentina and massive freddie mercury fan by 
mauricio took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency 
macri : from business to soccer to politics . 
should read this one ( rand among his favs ! ) macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency 
macri's election a big deal , but peronists have only held the presidency for 33% of last 4 decades , contra the nyt 
mauricio took detour from life as scion to presidency 
at boca juniors macri first displayed his preference for working in teams and mediating between quarrelling parties 
macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency - new york times 


deal comes with hummus at israeli restaurant 
“ maybe in a few years , everybody won’t even know the difference between jews and arabs , so maybe i’ll stop it then . ” 
" if there is one word for peace in food , it is hummus . " amen ! 
deal comes with at israeli restaurant | nytimes 
“ if there is one word for peace in food , it is hummus . " 
' for he ( christ ) is our peace … who hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us…' eph 2:14 
if we share food , we are obligated to care for one another , in the biblical tradition . 
i love hummus both as a chickpea taste delight and also as a facilitator in major peace deals 
nothing like bringing people together over good deal comes with at 
hummus place in israel offers half price hummus dishes to mixed arab-jews tables as a contribution to peace deal 
" if there is one word for in it is 
i'm thankful for the courageous people who buck unsympathetic trends , and care . 
on this day , it's good to remember that can help bring people together , even and 
" can't we all just get a falafel ? " this is very nice . by 
hummus incentive for peace-making in 
creative way to promote dialogue , encounter - deal comes with hummus at restaurant 
he has a dream that sons of issac & ismael will sit together to share hummus 
kobi tzafrir owns a restaurant in israel and gives discounts to israelis and palestinians who dine together . 
hummus as an agent for social change in israel . 
top story : retweets peace deal comes with hummus at israeli … see more 

carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
" ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to presid … 
carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president via 
ben ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
first draft : ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to ... 
first draft : ben carson's ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
the 1st doc quoted is my doc and what he says is part of why i respect him so greatly . 
first draft : ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transiti ... unete a 
first draft : carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition ... 
news " ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition … 
" carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president " … 
" carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president " by steve eder and pam b … 

foiling electronic snoops in email 
another technology arms race : email tracking . can be used for good or evil or just plain creepy . 
trackers are now used in as much as 60 percent of all sent emails : foiling electronic snoops in | 
rt over 2 weeks , found 280 of his 1,400 emails - many from pr folks - had trackers planted in them . tech fix : https://… 
around 60% of sent emails use trackers , detecting when and where messages are opened . here's what to know : 
rt this week's tech fix is on email trackers and the various ( not ideal ) ways to stop them 
the new york times via digg 
a review of the options available to keep companies from tracking you in email : 
" by some estimates , trackers are now used in as much as 60 percent of all sent emails . " 
grouping entity : foiling electronic organisms in communicating 
abstraction attribute : foiling electronic living things in abstract entity 
thanks for the heads up re email trackers been planning to review my email subs - will expedite that ! 
after reading this article on email tracking , i changed my settings . 
foiling the electronic snoops in your email : 


ta-nehisi coates wins national book award 
reading duly endorsed . alternative drink suggested . kisses . :) 
bravo to fellow on his award ! 
rt congratulations to the national book award winners . 
rt ta-nehisi coates = national book award thank you for writing a beautiful , important and timely no … 
adding to other honors bestowed upon him this year , has won the what a year ! 

rubio bets the grand old party is ready for his younger face 
nyt : " vying for nomination of party that has grown older , whiter & more | | 
how marco rubio , 44 , is trying to appeal to an older base while hillary clinton , 68 , hopes to win over the young : 
liberals have old white lady & an old white socialist to choose from . nyt thinks otherwise 
places bet that the is ready 4 a fresh face , fresh ideas , juxtaposes himself vs elderly 
demographic dissonance in 2016 : rubio is young and a minority . hillary is older , white . neither reflects their party 
rubio bets the gop is ready for his younger face 
putin orders sanctions against turkey after downing of jet 
bets the grand old party is ready for his face 
leadership today : temperament trumps age & experience ! marco rubio bets grand old party is ready 4 his younger face 
" being young is one thing . being the candidate whose ideas appeal to younger voters is another " marco rubio 
i've been wondering how this will play out . bets the grand old party is ready for his younger face 
marco rubio bets the is ready for his younger face via 
rt flim flam man rubio , all images , empty suit .. bets the grand old party is ready for his younger face ? … 
rt marco rubio bets grand old party is ready for his younger face . story by me . headline by ever-skillful nyt copy desk https … 
rubio bets the gop's ready for his younger face the present president was a senator with a young face . nuff sed 
new york times - usa - rubio makes an issue of his age since rivals wont - 

1 in 3 pcps have not heard about prep | | | 
1/3 of america’s primary care doctors & nurses have never heard of truvada , a drug that can help prevent 
many doctors unaware of truvada , drug for preventing 
how can prevention workers educate providers about " many doctors unaware of truvada " : 
life changing stuff doctors unaware of truvada , drug for preventing h.i.v. 
truvada , which can protect from is unknown by about 1/3 of doctors- * that's * got to change . 
many unaware of truvada , drug for preventing h.i.v. 
saw this & .. did u guys know about this drug2prevent hiv ? 
many unaware of drug for preventing h.i.v. 
many doctors unaware of drug for preventing & 
national briefing| many doctors remain unaware of drug that helps prevent h.i.v. transmission 
truvada protects almost completely against hiv . but 1 in 3 primary care docs & nurses in the us haven't heard of it 
did you know that 1/3 of primary care doctors in the are unaware of the pill that could prevent 
health - the new york time many doctors unaware of truvada , drug … see more 
many doctors still unaware of truvada , drug for preventing h.i.v. 
90%+ protection for male | doctors unaware of truvada , drug preventing 
many unaware of for preventing 
truvada prevents hiv , but few doctors are aware of it , via | 

chasing a climate deal in paris 
rt as the paris climate talks begin , follow for updates and context 
rt ny times climate talks article uses misandric term " mansplaining " fight back against this media … 
rt chasing a climate deal in paris - environment 
ny times climate talks article uses misandric term " mansplaining " fight back against this media bigotry . 
updates from the new york times 
ny times interactive about the climate talks and recent protests 
a beautiful demonstration before in support of strong commitments and follow thru to 
updates from the paris climate talks : via 
paris climate talks : chasing a deal - 
rt in which i compare international climate negotiations to supermario . 
updates from the talks 
follow updates from the climate conference in paris . 
climate hope & solutions - interactive h/t 
rockstar tt provides press releases , marketing kits , photography coverage & image consultancy . message us on how ... 
rt chasing a deal - great background on in 
nytimes : as the paris climate talks begin , follow nytimesworld for updates and context 


britain and germany test support for stronger steps against 
britain & germany test support for stronger steps against 
germany , a soggy " ally " of france , might provide " airborne " fueling and frigate . merkel isn't serious re : defeating isis 
david cameron bolsters call for lawmakers to authorize syrian airstrikes 
rt david cameron bolsters call for lawmakers to authorize syrian airstrikes 
rt stop bombing the people of the middle east for their oil . let the people of the me self-determine their govts . htt … 
rt isis is a statistically insignificant threat . david cameron is exaggerating the threat w/ his fear propaganda . htt … 
rt " bomb , bomb , bomb " foreign policy in me only increases enmity towards the bombing countries & radicalizes more people . ht … 
david bolsters call for to authorize airstrikes 
cameron in bid for cheap redtop headline with misguided , ill-informed call to repeat his lybia foolishness 
pushes for to begin airstrikes on in on self defense premise . opposes plan : 
david cameron bolsters call for lawmakers to authorize airstrikes 

rt nestlé finds slave labor , human trafficking , & abuses in thailand’s seafood industry ; fancy feast faces litigation : http … 
nestlé reports on abuses in thailand’s seafood industry : 
dire on thai seafood industry & on by & 
rt “ sometimes , the net is too heavy , and workers get pulled into the water and just disappear . ” https : … 
rt world's largest food company says all seafood companies in thailand exposed to sea slavery . https :/ … 
as an industry leader could have a pos+ impact on the whole industry by raising the bar on labor protection 
rt the latest scathing report on thai seafood industry comes from an unexpected source : world's biggest food company . htt … 
good initiative by nestle to battle human rights abuse in thailand's seafood industry 
nestlé reports on abuses [ slavery , human trafficking ] in thailand’s seafood industry thanks to 
hopefully this new approach will recognize labor violations in thailand as well 
nestle reports on in thailand's shrimp industry : 
new release : cd baby page is ready for gene poo poo man anderson : funky for santa claus ( live ) .… 
the seafood industry in thailand suffers from widespread labor and human rights abuses , exposing virtually all ameri … 
" blows the whistle " on thailand seafood supply chain labor/human rights abuses food companies ' endemic risk 
releases report on labor and human rights abuses in seafood industry 
the industry in thailand suffers from widespread and human rights abuse 
will companies in your investment portfolio report human rights abuses ? nestlé acts with impact . 
reports on abuses in industry 
rt nestle reports on abuses in thailand’s seafood industry 
nestlé report that thai seafood industry suffers from widespread labor and human rights abuses 
rt a report by nestlé cataloged widespread labor and human rights abuses in thailand's seafood industry . … 
this should be punish . we should know who they are and boicot their products 
latest report on exploitation in fishing industry comes frm unlikely source - world's largest food company 

how einstein's theory of changed everything rt cc : 
a century ago , einstein’s theory of relativity changed everything 
how einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 
rt rt a century ago , theory of relativity changed everything . → … 
rt happy this historic anniversary reminds us of the importance of basic research https://… 
rt for 100 years of inspiring new possibilities ! learn more : via … 
a century ago , einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 
rt " if relativity had failed , einstein said ' then i would have been sorry for the dear lord . the theory is correct . '" … 

. explains it all for us 
fascinating contrast : expert writing w/ simple words & novice writing with complicated words 
randall munroe is here to explain it all with " thing explainer : complicated stuff in simple words . " from 
" if you can’t explain something simply , you don’t really understand it . " praising the new book 
reading list recommendations ! 
randall munroe's fans include bill gates and neil gaiman . his new book is " thing explainer . " 
randall monroe , the creator of the brillant profiled in 
. explains it all for us . making science cool again 
xkcd's randall munroe : " i was really lucky to hit on the career where i can have all the candy in the candy store . " 
rt randall munroe's fans include bill gates and neil gaiman . his new book is " thing explainer . " http … 
xkcd's munroe has a new book " thing explainer " → 
next on my must-read list ... 
k.i.s.s. has never been better than with randall munroe and now 
looking for a physics-cartoon-nonfiction expert ? here's on author randall munroe 
rt randall munroe explains it all ( and simply ! ) in thing explainer , on sale now : … 
rt alumnus randall munroe ' 06 is profiled in today's talking about his new book and how cool science is … 

100 years ago , albert einstein set down the equation that rules the universe . via 
“ 100 years ago today , albert einstein set down the equation that rules the universe . ” 
top story : fomaworld instagram see more 
top story : instagram see more 
how matter and energy distort the geometry of the cosmos to produce the effect we call gravity . 
the new york times on instagram : “ 100 years ago today , albert einstein set down the equation ... 
100 years ago today , albert einstein set down the equation that rules the universe . the theory of relativity ... 
100 years ago today , set down the equation that rules the universe . 

the paris climate talks start today . check out this informative article on the front page of the new york times ... 
talks avoid scientists ’ idea of ‘ 
rt climate budget key to limiting co2 emissions . will we get one ? 
rt this report on beautifully explains where we are as a civilization : … 
retweeted paul r . ehrlich ( disruption paris climate talks avoid scientists ’ idea of ... 
paris goals akin to ' cutting our fries but not cake and ice cream ' sci 
will ignore the ( but still unclear how far over-budget will take us . depends post-2030 
rt incremental progress is way more exciting when you don't start 25 years late https://… 
rt " paris climate talks avoid scientists ’ goal of ‘ carbon budget ’" 
. holds up the mirror : it isn't pretty 
are we still not taking this threat seriously ? 
region entity abstract entity avoid scientists ' abstraction of ' matter medium of exchange ' 
" the problem is that about two-thirds of the pie has already been eaten by a handful of rich countries , plus ... 
why paris climate talks fail ? they avoid " carbon budgets " 4,000 grams co2 capita/day 
to the nytimes for an excellent overview . esp check out 2 interactive graphics - a wealth of clarity : … 
excellent report by on how the paris climate conference is already doomed . 
rt if can't deal with a carbon budget this is the world in 2100 via 
why a budget will be ignored at the paris talks 
ambition , and reality , of paris climate talks 
countries at paris summit fall far short of necessary goals for 
inequities of carbon budget 
excellent piece on reality of paris talks & idea of carbon budget issue is looking at indiv not collec . 
unless world leaders change their thinking soon , it may be too late to save humanity 
' wrestling with a budget would throw into stark relief the global inequities at the heart of climate crisis ' 
the paris talks will avoid the idea of a " carbon budget " 

rt mourners reflected in the bullet-pierced glass of le carillon in paris on tuesday … 

thanks , dave anderson , for the shout-out in there’s plenty to be grateful for in sports 
this thanksgiving , there’s plenty to be grateful for in sports 
a few great sports moments to be thankful for this season 
from london to missouri , plenty of thanks to be passed around 
this there’s plenty to be grateful for in 
this thanksgiving , there's plenty to be grateful for in sports - new york t ... 

paris attacks have many in france eager to join the fight 
mt paris attacks unleash patriotic fervor in france , driven by young people . great piece : 
have many in eager to join the fight 
paris attacks have many in france -young people eager to join the forces : 
rt thanks to " those seeking to enlist in the french army have quintupled to around 1,500 a day . " … 
take a look at how the paris attacks have backfired within france : 
history doesn't repeat itself , but it does rhyme . 
you saw this ? ugh . 
isis attacks france , recruits flock to army , france bombs syria , recruits flock to isis . a cycle without end . 
french eager to join fight “ i’ve never seen anything like it ” -- col . eric de lapresle . " pour la france ! 
when feeling pain , next stop often seems to be retaliation .. what if we did smthng different this time ? 
sales of french flags have skyrocketed after 
after the paris attacks those seeking to enlist in the french army have quintupled to around 1,500 a day 
unusual for post-68 france , the 1930s do return .... attacks have many in france eager to join the fight 
paris attacks unleash patriotic fervour in france , driven by young people . great piece by 
have many in france eager to join the fight . thousands sign up with the military 
the paris attacks are spurring young french people to join the military with a vigor not seen in decades - 
applications to enlist in the french army soar , mirroring the response in the us directly after 9/11 

" in praise of the good enough holiday " 
the only thing you need to know to have a perfect holiday season , by 
" not only do holiday preparations not have to be back-breaking , it can be better when they’re not . " 
rt not only do holiday preparations not have to be back-breaking , it can be better when they’re not 
a rough-around-the-edges holiday is not only just as good , but often better 
never before have so many worthy options for decorating and 
personal is more important than perfect this holiday season 
i know this is just some other bs nyt think-piece about the state of humankind in the modern world , but it's good -> 
has social media killed our entertaining buzz ? 
" that which is recorded on the heart is , alas , not instagrammable . " 


rt isis in libya : the public beheadings have started . the radio stations no longer play music . https … 
time to take on isis in libya . 
libyan city of surt is an ‘ actively managed colony ’ of possible capital . 
isis ’ grip on libyan city gives it a fallback option 
rt isis may be preparing a fallback base in libya . 
in the public beheadings have started . the radio stations no longer play music . 
rt such an important story : has first " colony " in possible fallback capital . by & … 
isis has a fallback location if it gets pushed out of syria via 
isis & grip on libyan city gives it a fallback option 
getting more complicated cc . grip on gives it a fallback option 
rt isis in libya : public beheadings started . radio stations no longer play music - … 
isis & grip on libyan city gives it fallback option 
rt terrorists control a port city 400 miles southeast of sicily 
rt extremely worrying : libya's surt , " an actively managed colony of the central islamic state " htt … 
rt libya's surt is now an actively managed colony of the central isis , crowded with foreign fighters … 
rt isis tightens grip on swath of libya , giving it a fallback /nyt 
this is a terrifying piece ( even if there is a great aptonym in counterterrorism official patrick prior ) 
isis ’ grip on the libyan city of sirte gives it a fallback option [ via 
rt surt , libya - managed colony of " central isis " - crowded w/foreign fighters . https :/ … 
análisis : isis ’ grip on libyan gives it a fallback option out irak and siria 
on in confirms reporting in my new book 
rt in public beheadings have started . radio stations no longer play music . … 

matthieu mauduit , whose brother died at the bataclan , has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's memory 
following a musical thread throughout his life — - via 
nytimes : matthieu mauduit , whose brother died at the bataclan , has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's m … 
matthieu mauduit , whose brother died at the bataclan , has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's memo … 
following a musical thread throughout his life via here's a temporal one : 
feature of cédric mauduit one of the many victims : following a musical thread throughout his life via 

chris christie endorsed by key new hampshire 
christie endorsed by key new hampshire newspaper still in the news tl but no mention of this 
surprise endorsement of christie by union leader of new hampshire will shake up this race : 
christie endorsed by key nh paper can never forgive him for prosecuting 
icymi “ we don’t need another fas t-t alking , well-meaning freshman senator . ” key nh paper backs christie , slams rubio . 
ask nominees & how key & coveted endorsement for is . 
christie endorsed by key nh newspaper 
small towns , small minds : christie endorsed by key new hampshire paper then again , a board , a dart , a blindfold . 
racist newspaper backs racist 
key new hampshire newspaper endorsement for chris christie 
christie's bid is a long shot for a reason and will remain so . biggest news of his campaign so far though 

women’s political party in britain demands faster equality - 
the sharpest wit in britain get serious about women in politics , great loss for the bbc news quiz alas 
my friend wrote a great article about the women's equality party 
" leader of expects her party’s candidates to win seats in local elections next spring " " 
in 10 years ’ time , i hope we don’t exist - demand & in uk 
rt women’s political party in britain demands faster equality - … 
new political party : 
rt once an organisation's in the new york times , it's made it , i reckon ... - 
new women’s political party in britain demands faster - 
now that's leadership ! 
new women ? s political party in britain demands faster equality 
this is the future : women’s equality party in britain now has 65 branches . next step : world party 
headed our way ? 
ladies of britain , i like the way you think : " new women’s political party demands faster equality " via 
are we forced to create our own political parties to fight for equality ? 

big companies put their money where the trash is ... 
awesome feature on ( ron gonen) ! 
so very excited for all of your success , 
can succeed in improving plastics to meet demand from consumer goods cos ? worth watching . 
thx for sharing our story and giving a balanced look at 
excited about no-interest and below-market rate loans for build recycling infrastructure . 
quinn records tm top-10 song chart for monday november 30 , 2015 is posted 
check out this article . 
closed loop fund provides no interest loans to to build more sophisticated infrastructure 
energy will flow ! build your free squeeze page here today ! userid = 53256 
putting their money where the trash is 
innovative concept . excited to see how this plays out . 
corporate-backed $100 million fund will build badly-needed plastics recycling infrastructure . column by david gelles 
free steam games giveaway offer via sharethis 
rt the closed loop fund hopes to remove obstacles to recycling in the united states . 

when cupid is a prying journalist 
" because real love , once blossomed , never disappears . " 
rt “ if you still love her , ” i said , “ and she’s not yet married , you have to tell her . now . " https://… 
this story from made me smile . perfect affirmation of love in a not-so-lovely time . 
beautiful modern love by one of our fave writers via 
have never read nyt modern love ( only heard disparaging things ) but this is good . tech can bring love , if you let it 
rt i like this . 
" ... real once blossomed , never disappears . " a journalist convinces an interview subject to find his lost love 
sweet , and seems like a fairy tale . 
a happy read for a sad , extended airport layover : " when cupid is a journalist " 
such a beautiful writer of depth and heart .... 
such a lovely piece by deborah copaken for those of us who still believe in love . 
when cupid is a prying - the new york times 
such a lovely piece by deborah copaken for those of us who believe it's never too late for love . 
" sometimes you have to lose love to refind it , and a return to the green world is the key to reblossoming " 
this almost made me tear up . i love a good love story . 
an interviewer encourages a subject to find his lost love before it’s too late . here's what happened . 
life is a roller coaster . a good example of this . 
rt interviewer prods dating app exec to reconnect with lost love : by ( sounds like a nora ep … 
the headline doesn't do this article's beauty any justice . but then , what headline could ? great modern love essay . 
rt love begets love begets love -- beautiful article about missed connections and going after love by … 
interviewer prods dating app exec to reconnect with lost love : by ( sounds like a nora ephron movie . ) 
this week's " modern love " column has very high " this could be a movie " potential . 
this love story just shell shocked my feels : 

in iceland , a literary tour explores rich history 
rare 
ever since reading " the geography of bliss , " i've been fascinated with iceland ... 
iceland's literary tradition ( via 
the new york times visits iceland , a literary tour explores rich history 
rt anothericeland : the new york times visits iceland , a literary tour explores rich history 
" the culture of storytelling seemed to be the source of their greatest national pride . ” literary tour of iceland . 
" the culture of storytelling seemed to be the source of their greatest national pride . ” tour of iceland . 
as if i didn't want to be there already its full of writers and readers !!! 

argentines confront continued murder and discrimination 
confront continued and 
definitely good is looking at people around the world , but why is this written so insensitively ? 
facing 
retweeted therainbowtimes ( facing 
killings of transgender argentines test a nation’s liberal laws 
" transgender life expectancy is 35 ... " 
life expectancy in is 35 . in the gen . pop . in 2013 , it was 73 for men and 80 for women , per 
since 2012 , 6,000 people have changed gender on official docs , but discrimination persists 
it's a world ... 
transgender argentines face murder discrimination kristina did much damage , but advanced will macri maintain ? 
on the gap between legal protection and societal acceptance for trans argentines . 
confront continued murder and discrimination legislative change still not = safety+equality 

pope francis , in nairobi slum , denounces ‘ new forms of colonialism ’ 
rt the pope gets his first taste of kenyan slum life . 
kolonijalizam ? " many of nairobi’s slums have no sewers , giving rise to what kenyans call the “ flying toilet , ” a ... 
in nairobi , the pope denounces ‘ new forms of colonialism ’ 
pope francis denounces ‘ new forms of colonialism ’ 
the roman catholic church is growing rapidly in africa 
nytimesworld : rt gettleman : the pope gets his first taste of kenyan slum life . 
“ o.k. , i’m a muslim , ” he added , “ but he’s a very good man 
rt i can't even begin to unpack all of this now . stinks everywhere in this article abt in https : … 
in nairobi slum , denounces ‘ new forms of and 
in slum , denounces ‘ new forms of colonialism ’ - 
frank , i get you hate condoms , but i think you need a better excuse . 
things popes say 
what could be so wrong about lowering the birthrate in a country such as kenya ? 
pope francis in nairobi slum denounces new forms of colonialism . we need integrated cities which belong to everyone . 

macy's thanksgiving day parade 
rt macy's thanksgiving day parade 
macy’s thanksgiving day parade 
guess who made the ny times today ? we did !! 
here are some photos if you missed thethanksgiving day parade ! 

:: regulating flow of refugees gains urgency in greece and rest of europe 
powerful photographs of refugees arriving in greece , by 
greece has been overwhelmed by the arrival of migrants 
regulating flow of gains urgency in greece and rest of europe 
top story : retweets regulating flow of refugees gains urgen … see more 
top regulating flow of refugees gains urgency in greece and rest of euro … see more 
rt security becomes topic when it comes to europe's new migrant " hot spots . " 
regulating flow of gains urgency in and rest of 
ny times : regulating flow of refugees gains urgency in and rest of 

very sad news at 
congratulations humans , only 3 white rhinoceroses left in the world with few chances of breeding naturally 
taking time to watch the video made the sad news easier - nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
3 white rhino left on the earth !! death at san diego safari park 
weep ! we will never forget you nola !!! 
endangered white rhino nola dies at ... | 
so sad . rip nola . 
this is devastating news . endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park ( liam stack / new york times ) 
only 3 northern white rhinoceroses left on earth 
endangered white rhino dies at zoo safari park - only 3 nothrn white rhinos left 
and now there are only three . " endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park poaching , " civil " wars , human indifference . rip nola 
sure , when it is a white rhino , the media cares . 
nola , one of only four known northern white rhinoceroses , died on sunday at the san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left in the world : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left ... blows my mind endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park - new york times 
and then there were three . endangered dies at san diego zoo safari park 
sad side of science -endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zo o-o nly 3 known yet to exist . 
and then there were 3 - devastating 
sad news to hear that the endangered white rhino nola died at safari park 
this is truly sad : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered northern white rhino dies at san diego zoo this weekend . only 3 left in the world 
anf then there were three : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
there are only 3 white rhinos remaining on this planet . endangered white rhino nola dies 
breaks my heart : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
" endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " by liam stack via nyt science 
and then there were three : nola , one of the last white rhinos , died in san diego 
rip dear nola ! you must have been so lonely ... endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
this is what extinction looks like . 
rt awww . then there were 3 : nola , one of the last white died in san diego 
this leaves only 3 white rhinos , poachers would have it at 0 - endangered white rhino dies at san diego zoo 
the last three known northern white rhinoceroses live at the ol pejeta conservancy in kenya , where they roam in a ... 
3 white rhino left on earth ! death at san diego safari park 
northern white yesterday there were only four in the world , today there are three . 

chinese report on change depicts somber scenarios 
contrast : paris negotiations beijing pollution masks 
chinese report on climate change depicts somber scenarios 
somber scenarios in chinese report on change via 
rt chinese report on change depicts increasingly negative impacts on https : … 
chinese government report on climate change depicts somber scenarios ; no wonder china is going to cut co2 
in china , realization that impacts compel action : 
report on depicts somber scenarios via 
chinese report on depicts somber scenarios 
new report suggests may need to adapt to new " world order " requiring deep cuts from 
rt chinese govt's latest scientific assessment of climate change highlights rising sea levels . https : … 
rt chinese report on climate change outlines serious threats 
rt global warming is squeezing china from two fronts : the environmental hazards and the international response … 
rt somber scenarios in chinese report on change 
chinese report on sends stark warning : coasts flood , tibet melts , farms parched 
global warming is squeezing china from two fronts : the environmental hazards and … 
chinese report on change depicts sombre scenarios good to see chinese scientists support need for action 


ask well : eye twitches 
what causes eye twitches ? 
you know that eye twitch you get sometimes ? well , this is why you get it ! 
most people experience an eye twitch every now and then - find out why ! 
the the new york times explores the reasons behind the ever so common eye-twitch . 
you know that eye twitch everyone gets once in a while ? well , this is why you get it ! 
dont consider twitching of d eye as good or bad omen ... here is why : -eye twitches 
you know that eye twitch you get sometimes ? well , this is why it happens ! 

experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
rt provocative . isis can't be defeated w/o reformation of islam . muslims must offer an alternative vision h … 
air campaign does nothing but infuriate daesh experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
experts explain how global powers can smash isis us depending on sunnis to fight daesh are far fetched-sick 
rt everyone talks about eradicating tell us what it would take . … 
seriously scary ideas proposed that would wreck generations . experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
rt public has to see muslims as part of the solution to isis . https :/ … 
rt what can we do with isis ? experts ' opinions 
rt envisioning how global powers can smash isis 
this shouldn't be controversial . 
" experts explain how global powers can smash isil " via 
. talking about how to defeat isis , laughably out of his depth . how about some expert opinions : 
rt one of the more reasoned analyses of syria , is and possible responses . 
rt an absolute must-read on a1 tomorrow about where isis came from , what it wants , and how to destroy it : … 
to unify to stop evil isis 



nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
not-so-great times in brooklyn , either . the state of the nets , by 
nets ' disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
nets and celtics ; some things never change 
wrote a column about the sad fortunes of broooklyn .... broooklyn 
boo hoo , brooklyn : 
dating single on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting w ... 
it could always be worse ... a lot worse : 
great story idea , but man is it over-written 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps … 


" nature is the boss , " says tony bennett , who likes to paint in central park whilst wearing tracksuit . 
public service announcement : don't disturb while he's painting in thank you . 
finds his heart in 
rt the . followed me for a day of painting in central park for this profile : … 
rt cunninghamshire : “ nature is the boss . ” a day in the life of painter anthony benedetto ,… 
“ nature is the boss . ” a day in the life of painter anthony benedetto , aka the great | 
yep here you go .... 
rt yep here you go .... 
rt chapinhank : what a guy ! i've heard tony bennett perform twice in honolulu . he loves t … 
what a guy ! i've heard tony bennett perform twice in honolulu . he loves the audience and we love him right back .... 
central park nourishes his creativity and is his antidote to urbanity 
we should all be so lucky , to live like this at 89 . 
for & friends i've not yet met . " finds his heart in " ♥ 
lovely piece on tony bennett - the painter . 
did you know tony bennett is a great painter and artist ? via 
tony bennett puts a brush to the melody on his mind and it's not a song : 
who knew ! 
tony bennett - the artist & painter - ( and singer ) finds his heart in central park his work is quite lovely . 
rt prashantgajbhiy : simple writing , simple pleasures ... tony bennett finds his heart in ce … 

rt they were persecuted tortured speared & burned . uganda's 1st christians didn't fare so well . the pope remembers them https :/ … 
pope francis offers mass in uganda at shrine ... - 
rt pope francis offers mass in uganda at shrine for christian martyrs 
rt gettleman : they were persecuted tortured speared & burned . uganda's 1st … 
rt gettleman : they were persecuted tortured speared & burned . uganda's 1st chris … 
pope francis is 3rd pope to visit uganda do you know uganda's trade ? 
top story : retweets pope francis offers mass in uganda at s … see more 

senate votes to block obama’s climate change rules ... 
" three democrats broke party ranks to vote in favor of the resolutions " we cannot imagine this happening in ... 
senate votes to block climate change rules we need to get these old idiots out of authority before it's too late 
sessions supported two resolutions challenging obama’s anti-energy regulations which passed the senate : 
last one standing , turn out the lights : senate votes to block obama’s rules 
sessions backs two resolutions challenging obama’s anti-energy regs which passed the senate 
senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
this is terrifying and grossly negligent : senate votes to block obama’s rules 

amazing ! got this bit of slow-motion radness from — 
" a side serving of science for your next birthday party " 
how balloons pop 
ends with a bang . science of popping balloons . great stuff : [ video ] by 
thanks , for pointing out beauty in disaster . ever wondered what an exploding balloon looks like ? 
photo of balloon bursting inspires physicist * video * 
sometimes the eye of the artist inspires science . 
a side serving of for your next birthday party thanks 
watching popping balloons with a high = speed camera : 

shooting at planned parenthood adds to challenges for congress 
here's on the poltics of " no more baby parts " on capitol hill and the 2016 campaign trail 
nyt won't say that videos don't show that planned parenthood sold baby parts for profit . just " pp has denied that . " 
the shooting at planned parenthood adds to the already high-pitched controversy in congress 
kudos to for being crystal-clear on this . 
at adds to challenges for 
nytpolitics : the shooting at planned parenthood adds to the already high-pitched controversy in congress 
didn't they see the victims hearts stop beating , their legs stop kicking ? shooting at pp'hood challenges congress 
y'don't say . " a 1993 federal law allows fetal tissue for research . supporters included 2 current republican leaders " 
congressional supporters and opponents of planned parenthood were uncharacteristically subdued over the weekend as … 
now that's a kicker 
nytimes : planned parenthood shooting heightens debate in congress 
the shooting at planned parenthood in colorado adds to the already high-pitched controversy in congress 
congressional supporters and opponents of planned parenthood were uncharacteristically subdued over the weekend as they awaited more information about the shooting . 

begins his first trip to africa today 
rt as the pope begins his trip to africa , he will face a more conservative catholic church … 
rev mwangi said he expected the pope to steer away from contentious topics … like what to do about gay parishioners . 
a more conservative catholic church awaits pope francis in africa 
rt thx to banned now has 14% of world’s 1.2 billion 2050 they will be 25 to 30% https : … 
interesting coverage of politics in africa ahead of visit . 
pope francis begins his first trip to africa today 
retweeted raymond arroyo ( pope begins trip to kenya and uganda today . security and doctrinal ... 
rt pope begins trip to kenya and uganda today . security and doctrinal concerns await him : 
a more conservative grouping awaits organism in land 
africans account for 14% of the world’s catholics . by 2050 they will be 25-30% . via 
rt headlines in kenya call him the “ pope of hope . ” francis arrives in nairobi today for his first trip to africa . … 
nytimesworld : as the pope begins his trip to africa , he will face a more conservative catholic church … 
top story : retweets a more conservative catholic church awa … see more 

channeling the band poison , barro says living longer is the thorn in the rose of social security . via 
we’re living longer . that’s great , except for social security . 
take less in or sent less out : why a longer life is bad for social security . 
abolish soc . security wage/salary cap rate of 12.4% ; $ 118,500 for social security solvency/inequality . 

basking in a new holiday glow , no evergreen needed 
slide show : basking in a new holiday glow in lower manhattan , no evergreen needed 
basking in a new holiday glow via 
in living room of lower manhattan , luminaries , help school music programs 
excited to see the work i've been doing for at get a killer write up by 
at brookfield place .... basking in a new holiday glow , no evergre … 
get thee to asap to check out the winter garden ! 
basking in a new glow , no evergreen needed ! " living room of lower 
rockefeller plaza's got the tree , but who's got the lights ? check battery park city . 
in today ! explore the new holiday tradition of lower manhattan . 
winter lights in lower manhattan . 
the assignment : design a holiday display to rival the tree at rockefeller center the result : 
a lighting installation by the designer david rockwell seeks to make the winter garden in lower manhattan a destination to rival new york’s most famous christmas tree . 

what better way to declare the endurance of france than to live it up at a cafe , writes 
french return to cafes in a show of defiance 


engineering mosquitoes ’ genes to resist 
new engineered mosquito that doesn't spread could overtake wild population in one season 
to " (...) a powerful technique for spreading favored genes (...)" 
engineering genes to resist 
“ this is a very important advance in the field of mosquito biology ” 
interesting story about tackling malaria in a rather unorthodox way : 
" biologists have created a novel breed of mosquito that they hope will help eradicate 
researchers have genetically edited mosquitoes so that they will no longer spread malaria . 
retweeted jhu public health ( " biologists have created a novel breed of mosquito that they ... 
engineering mosquitoes ' genes to resist - 
brilliant edits to mosquito genes : 1 . malaria-resistance 2 . gene drive to propagate the edited genes ! 
how cool ! biologists have genetically engineered a mosquito that is resistant to via 
how about editing a new breed of mosquito that's totally vegan ? or better yet , kills itself ?... 
scientists are engineering mosquitoes in the hopes that they will someday eradicate malaria . 
interesting research into designing genes to stop the spread of 
rt wild release of malaria resistant mosquitoes engineered with " drive " gene . ( hmmm .... ) … 
rt a group led by prof . anthony james created a novel breed of mosquito that they hope will help eradicate malaria … 
thanx for using image ja5504 ( in your article : 

rt nyt : regional players prioritize own interests over isis . turkey w/ pkk , kurds w/ autonomy+territory & saudis w/ iran https :/ … 
the attacks in paris reveal the strategic limits of isis : 
geopolitics dictates that trapped isis is going the al-qaeda way . attacks in paris reveal it's strategic limits 
" isis is its own worst enemy " 
brilliant summary by olivier roy of paris and the strategic limits of isis 
good and clear explanation about the mess we are almost all in ... 
rt finally something interesting on the paris attacks , and not surprisingly , the author is olivier roy . 
olivier roy ( my colleague at eui florence ): france suffers but attacks in paris reveal the strategic limits of isis 
north : kurds , east : iraqi shittes , west : alawites ( now russian protected ) , south : unwelcoming lebanon & jordan 
" but war is not won without infantry " -thoughtful nyt piece on the isis puzzle 
globalized terrorism is no more effective , strategically than conducting aerial bombings without forces on the ground 
rt reveal the strategic limits of 

san francisco residents know ugly is still edible . can wisconsin too ? 
so it stays out of trash 
when someone from home is doing something bitchen 
challenge lookism on your plate and everywhere . epa : " food waste that goes to the landfill breaks down ... 
when it comes to fresh beauty is in the eye of a beholder : 
" from 1974 to 2006 , the amount of food americans wasted increased by 50 percent . " i would gladly pay much less ... 
after our conversation last night , thought you might appreciate this : 
excited that was in the new ugly produce trend is growing ! 
there is hope for ugly veggies !! :) 
1 in 5 fruits & veggies get tossed by stores for looks alone . embraces ugly food to fight waste : 
long live feat . & 
just craziness how much we waste & over-process b/c of how food ' looks ' 
rt " real food has curves " - inspiration , how to promote imperfect fruit and vegetables 
"“ we find that it is really easy to convince people when they realize they can pay a fraction of the price to get ... 
how to get ugly produce onto tables & keep it out of trash 
this is a program that we at bon appetit/google have embraced and practice at our sites . " in food-obsessed san ... 
getting ' onto so it stays out of 🍽 
as we eat too much on & starve , picky americans throw out " ugly " 
preventing food waste one eccentric carrot at a time 
check out our food waste fighting friends , imperfect , in the new york times . there's a lot of work to be done to ... 
rt edible , but ugly did u see ? in today ! go ug … 
thankful for california's bounty of produce in all shapes & sizes 

new york today : ways to give thanks 
here are a few opportunities to help out to some of the city’s neediest residents . 
there are lots of ways this holiday season to give thanks , but a good one is by giving back to some of the city’s ... 


for france , an alliance against isis may be easier said than done 
rt and so far efforts to form an alliance with russia against isis have moved haltingly htt … 

brussels sprouts sliders 
sounds delish . worth a try to give them a twist 
loving the sound of these . easily made to be friendly . 
for the vegans at the thanksgiving table .... these look good to me ! 
an interesting dish with brussels sprouts .. 
this is a new take on brussel sprouts . i have a stalk full of them in my fridge sourced locally . i can make these ... 
interesting and very healthy sliders recipe .... 

blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in rugby 

with steve kerr sidelined , warriors ’ perfect start raises questions of credit 
intriguing : perfection breeds questions of credit and even blame . 
with steve kerr sidelined , warriors ' perfect start raises questions of credit - new york times 
the warriors are 18-0 . but their interim coach may not be eligible for the nba's coach of the month award . 
with steve sidelined , perfect start raises questions of credit 
with steve kerr sidelined , warriors ’ perfect start raises qs of credit this is a good problem to have . 
“ luke’s doing all the work with the rest of the staff . luke is 15-0 right now . i’m not . " - steve kerr 
18-0 isn't a bad start . 
with kerr sidelined , warriors ' perfect start raises questions of credit stupid on so many fucking levels 
kerr or walton ? warriors perfect start . regardless , both are grads . 
latest news update from luisa florez . keeping score : with steve kerr sidelined , warriors ’ perfect start raises que … 
keeping score : with steve kerr sidelined , warriors ’ perfect start … 
keeping score : with steve kerr sidelined , warriors ’ perfect start raises questions … 
keeping score : with steve kerr sidelined , warriors ’ perfect … 

how to host thanksgiving : dos and don'ts 
" please , cloth ! " flofab on napkins and much more . how to host thanksgiving via 
etiquette advice for entertaining on thanksgiving : 
how to host dos and don'ts via 
old-fashioned etiquette reappearing , in line with increasing respect for so-called real food ? 
new york times : watch : dos and don’ts for hosting thanksgiving . 
a todos nuestros anfitriones de thanksgiving : ¡gracias ! 
the times’s florence fabricant gives etiquette advice for entertaining on 
after watching this , i'm feeling confident ! especially since 24 guests will be dining at my house thursday evening … 

rt dance + basketball . this article was written for me . also just kills it generally for … 
excellent via ballet dancers awed by warriors steph curry 
mvp utilizes ballet technique on the basketball court ! read about it here ! 
even ballet dancers are in awe of stephen curry : 
lived in la when kobe , shaq & derek fisher won 3 rings , now i get to see curry . 
warriors got steph curry , knickerbockers someone named jordan hill . how's that for being born under a bad sign ? 
the artistry of stephen curry 
rt stephen curry grace on the basketball court . 
rt an artist and magician . 
when your boss asks you to find a new angle ... 
“ what i see the most when i watch steph is the incredible coordination he has with his arms , his legs and the way ... 
wonderful mentor text for describing a sport and for a comparison/contrast analysis . 
celebrating with grace via 
davidson alumnus + daughter in the nutcracker this weekend = 
rt even ballet dancers are in awe of stephen curry : 
rt attn : 
where meets " dancers are in awe of stephen curry’s moves " cc 
rt basketball star stephan curry draws oohs from dancers : curry’s aesthetic appeal is rooted in what ballet dancers … ht … 
body control 
golden state warriors's stephen curry impresses even a san francisco ballet principal dancer ! 
steph curry has a decent chance to turn you around 
physical grace and athleticism on the basketball court !... 
happy thanksgiving , i'm thankful for steph curry 😍😍 
an explanation of the grace and coordination of both ballet and basketball ... 
love this piece about how steph curry is the best ballet dancer in the nba 
i'm thankful for my family , basketball and steph curry ( in that order ) " ballet dancers are in awe of stephen curry " 
bringing joy to golden state warriors fans everywhere ! 


rt enough is enough . the is one more senseless act of unnecessary violence . it must end . period . … 
during planned parenthood shooting , fear and chaos at shopping center 
rt first and last paragraphs of nytimes story on colorado springs shooting . speechless … 
terrorist is anti-obama fanatic w/history of domestic violence & run-ins w/the police . 
rt buried in ny times story : alleged planned parenthood terrorist would hand out anti-obama pamphlets to neighbors … 
rt ny times already whitewashing planned parenthood terrorist as eccentric " loner . " 
in co bustling with shoppers , gripped by chaos typical afternoon in chicago but nyt gives 1/2 their pinko paper . 
rt during pp shooting , fear & chaos impact on survivors , one an 80 yr old searching for a pp patient his … 
when a gunman opened fire at a planned parenthood clinic on friday , he turned a bustling shoppi .. 
different stories are floating around ! in co , bustling w/shoppers , then gripped by chaos 
rt ohhhhhhh this detail is getting to me . too much goddamn gun violence going on ... … 
in colorado , bustling with shoppers , then gripped by chaos 
rt during planned parenthood shooting , fear and chaos at shopping center 
i'd like to see less stories like this :( shooting , fear and chaos at shopping center 
colorado , shoppers gripped by chaos which syrian refugee did this ? people , we're being fed masses of bullshit on tv 
at nearby shopping center , a scene of fear and chaos 
rt quite the paragraph in this shooting story . 
rt the kicker in nyt report about the latest terror attack in the u.s. “ the first time she cried ... she’s a veteran now " htt … 
rt “ we would not be here but for the obscene access to assault weapons , ” - colorado minister . 
in bustling with shoppers , then gripped by chaos 
read what happened at in colorado , digest last lines esp ., realize ( again ) the perverse effects of gun culture 
a 17-year-old has now borne witness to two mass shootings within weeks , and can be fairly described as a " veteran . " 
rt top stories : during planned parenthood shooting , a scene of fear and chaos at nearby ... - new york times : new ... http … 
bustling with shoppers , then gripped by chaos in colorado 
rt radical christian terrorist … 
“ the first time , she cried , ” mr. ricker said , looking at his dry-eyed girlfriend . “ she’s a veteran now . ” 
gunman's past scoured for clues to siege at planned parenthood - new york times 
rt terrifying : during shooting , fear and chaos at shopping center … 

" fact checks of the 2016 election " 
the sad hilarity of this has moved me to start actually tweeting : 
fact check : donald trump says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
the new york times will be checking assertions made throughout the 2016 presidential campaign . 
fact checks of the u.s. 2016 election 
facts are not an element for some candidates . 
fact check : donald says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
well , this is fun , and horrible 
fact checks of the election - the new york times 
the herald news took pains to discredit what paterson officials were calling “ hateful gossip . ” 

" teaching kids how close comedy is to tragedy is as important as any other life lesson . " plus expert step by step ... 
how to distract children on the verge of holiday meltdowns using a classic gag 
giving thanks for a proper & your nose & bit 
how to properly steal a child's nose 
giving thanks for a proper ‘ got your nose ’ bit 
dinner slow ? distract the kids w/ the always-funny threat of facial disfigurement in 11 easy steps . 
" sure , you can steal a kid's nose . but are you really getting this classic comedy bit right ? " 
11 easy steps to your place in the beloved pantheon of thanksgiving nose-thieves : 
happy thanksgiving ! we are grateful for this advice from 
one of my favorite funny-men , gary rudoren , has some excellent pointers ( and warnings ) for playing the age-old ... 
rt how do all those elderly uncles know how to steal a kid's nose ? investigates https : … 
rt how do all those elderly uncles know how to steal a kid's nose ? … 


rt racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 

as a women's college grad i understand single sex , but some of these reasons ?! ugh . want to be a boy scout . ’ 
‘ i want to be a boy scout . ’ there’s just one hitch . : 
" her 12-year-old brother , evan , said he was “ very scared ” the girls would sweep the competition next year . " 
scouting is coed in most of the world . integrate the bsa . 
“ there’s no really ‘ girl things ’ or ‘ boy things . ’” these girls take on the boy scouts : 
should girls be allowed to join the boy scouts ? 
don't get me wrong . i am behind equal opportunity . but i saw on the news this morning that one of these girls ... 
rt these girls want to become boyscouts because they like camping more than baking cookies . why not ? … 
girls in ca seeking to become boy scouts : 
if i had received a " slingshot " badge instead of an " etiquette " badge maybe i would have stayed in girl scouts 
" none of them want to be boys — they just want to play like them . " my 10yo daughter could've said the same . 
these girls want to be but they're not allowed . what if they start taking all the leadership positions ? 
girls in the boy scouts ? what is this debate about ? what about the girl scouts of america ? find more info here : 
there's a reason it's called ... wait for it ... boy scouts . wait , there's more ! they have girl scouts too ! fuck it all . 
‘ i want to be a there’s just one hitch . 
girls in california are latest to seek to become boy scouts 
' i want in:' why 5 girls are fighting to be boy scouts ( via 
" when we get into the real world , we’re going to have to work with other people who are not just girls . ” ella , 10 
as a former girl scout i don't get this . we did camping , hiking , canoeing . these girls should start their own troop . 
girls : ‘ i want to be a boy scout . ’ maybe it's time to ditch gender labels & let kids choose which group suits them ? 
three young girls want to join the boy scouts - do you think they should be allowed in the " boys only " organization ? 
“ because we’re girls we can’t participate with boys ? ” 
girls shouldn't have to join to get life-skills or fit in . should be more inclusive . 
“ when we get into the real world , we’re going to have to work with other people who are , like , not just girls . ” 
“ i want to be a boy scout , ” allie westover , 13 , told a panel of men in khaki uniforms weighted by pins and patches . 
girl scouts v boy scouts - what's the difference ? 
girls want to be boy scouts ! and it just might save scouting . yes ! ~ and it's about time , too !! 
“ i have sons , ” said jennifer masterson , a boy scout mom . “ would i want a girl sleeping in my son’s tent ? no . ” 
cookies are great , but when it came to camping , i wanted ' smore ‘ i want to be a boy scout . ’ 
so much respect for these young girls breaking gender roles !! love to fucking see it . 
5 northern california girls , calling themselves the unicorns , are petitioning to be let into the boy scouts : 
california want to be 
‘ i want to be a boy scout . ’ - the ultimate gender fight- should girls be able to join the boy scouts ? 
( 2/2 ) [ looks @ 80% men in us congress ] really ? really ! where are 
fab piece nyc abt ca girls & solution is - traditional scouting for everyone . 
i was miserable as a brownie because i wanted to camp & tie knots : ' i want to be a boy scout ' 
maybe a group just called " scouts " ? ‘ ' i want to be a boy scout . ’ there’s just one hitch . 
five girls in california challenge gender roles , saying ‘ i want to be a boy scout . ’ 
this story illustrates how much needs to re-emphasize outdoor activities , not journeys . 
“ we can do the same things boys can — proven from camporee , ” ella said in an interview at her home . she waved a ... 
5 girls in try to join the boy scouts , saying they'd rather learn wilderness skills than sell cookies 

‘ the walking dead ’ season 6 , episode 8 : we must protect this house 
" the walking dead " recap : " i get it : my dad killed your dad " 
nytimesarts : rt jegner : " the walking dead " recap : " i get it : my dad killed your dad " 
season 6 , episode 8 : we must protect this house fernandaf 
the walking dead : ' the walking dead ' season 6 , episode 8 : we must protect this house via 
rt artsmagictweets the walking dead : ' the walking dead ' season 6 , episode 8 : we must protect this house via … 
rt fussfactoryarts the walking dead : ' the walking dead ' season 6 , episode 8 : we must protect this house via … 
( the walking dead : ‘ the walking dead ’ season 6 , episode 8 : we must protect this ... ( 
[[ ]] the walking dead : ‘ the walking dead ’ season 6 , episode 8 : we m ... { prøstîîtûtø } 
( the walking dead : ‘ the walking dead ’ season 6 , episode 8 : we must protect t ... ( shaquille ) 
( ) the walking dead : ‘ the walking dead ’ season 6 , episode 8 : we must protect t ... via 

. thanks for thinking of us ! here's a peek at our ed , brittany . 
chicago protests mostly peaceful after video of police shooting is released 
rt chicago protests mostly peaceful . calm as the parents asked aftervideo release of police shooting … 
" armed " with a 3inch folding knife , 17 year old black man was shot 16 times . 
chicago officer charged in death of black teenager 
what a joke ! peaceful ? chicago protests mostly peaceful after video of police shooting - the new york times 
a chilling dashcam video of the fatal shooting of a black 17-year-old teenager 
rt cop arrested for 1st degree murder . cop emptied the clip in 17 year old who was armed with folding knife chicago https://… 
illinois cop van dyke charged first-degree murder 4 shooting death of 17-year-old laquan mcdonald in october 2014 . 
chicago braces after video of police shooting is released 
rt racists confused & silent as protests are free of riots , looting & violence htt … 
media focus is so often on protests & if they were peaceful instead of the why behind the protest . 
rt breaking news : chicago officials have released a video showing the fatal shooting of a black teenager by an officer … 
rt breaking news : with chicago set to release video of a black youth’s death , a police officer was charged with murder … 
rt chicago protests mostly peaceful after video of shooting released coverup followed by si … 
chicago protests mostly peaceful after video of shooting released coverup followed by silence&intimidation 
rt county prosecutor charges white chicago police officer with 1st degree murder in shooting of black 17-year-old … 
rt protests erupt in chicago after video showing fatal shooting of a black teen by a white police officer is released . https :/ … 
rt 16 round capacity . 16 direct hits over ~ 16 seconds . 0 provocation . 
chicago protests most peaceful after video of police shooting is released . 
protesters respond to murder with nonviolence . cops who cant act peacefully shouldnt b cops 

at the end of the | # 
old friend hannah james puts and oat skills to vital work in greenland . 
rt scientists go to the end of the earth to show how will affect the globe . … 
amazing interactive piece about research in the top of the world : 
rt mining greenland for data on how climate change will impact other parts of the world : 
scientists are mining greenland’s icy environment for data to understand how climate change will affect the world . 
top of the research at summit provides the only access to high altitude long term observations . 
how will climate change impact your area of earth's stage ? 
how will climate change alter our part of the world ? 

a korean county has achieved its goal : less birth control , more babies 
interesting , detailed pieces on south korean demographics . fertility rates : and sex ratios : 
korean county achieves its goal : less birth control , more babies 
" korean county achieves its goal : less birth control , more babies " by choe sang-hun via nyt the new york times 
why has korea chosen to take away their birth control bans ? 
govt goes from giving condoms & birth control pills to handing out cash for ppl to have kids 
haenam journal : korean county achieves its goal : less birth control , more ba ... 
world news - haenam journal : korean county achieves its goal : less birth control , more babies : for three strai ... 
haenam journal : korean county achieves its goal : less birth control , more babi ... unete a 
korea : from showing “ love for the country with contraception ” to “ babies are the hope for family , & for the nation ” 
when love to come . haenam journal : korean county achieves its goal : less birth control ,... 
south korea's push to drive down fertility rates in the 70s was too successful for its own good . 
" haenam is the only south korean county whose birthrate of 2.4 children per woman is above the “ replacement-level ... 
korean county achieves its goal : less birth control , more babies - new york times 
for three straight years , a farming county has had the highest fertility rate in south korea , a rare bright spot in a country some doomsayers predicted would become “ extinct ” in several centuries . 

( turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military official : ... ( 
are you paying attention ? the developments in the east have the potential to change our world . 
turkish f16s shoot down warplane near syrian border : military official 
" turkey downs warplane near syria border , russia denies airspace violation " by reuters via nyt 
downs near border , denies violation 
( turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military offici ... ( shaquille ) 

obama calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea 

play a thanksgiving puzzle 
play a thanksgiving puzzle - the new york times . 
play a thanksgiving puzzle by will shortz and joel fagliano vía 
play a thanksgiving puzzle by will shortz and joel fagliano ! via 
i know more about than i thought ! 6/8 on this puzzle by and joel fagliano : ( via 
this was fun ! :) play a thanksgiving puzzle via 
do i get a special prize for being indian and winning this ? can this prize be stuffing ? via 
this was pretty fun ! just played with doug and nann . happy thanksgiving !! via 
we got 8/8 without cheating ! play a thanksgiving puzzle by will shortz via nytimes 
here's a fun distraction to enjoy with the kids today : play a thanksgiving puzzle 
thanks will shortz ! 
play a puzzle . i got all 8 right !! via 
solve the thanksgiving puzzle ! 
an enjoyable word game to celebrate thanksgiving . 
this was fun — and features great illustrations by 
eight out of eight ! enjoy this thanksgiving puzzle with your lovies today . via nyt 
eight short word games , from easy to hard , that can be played with your whole family . by will shortz and joel fagl … 
happythanksgiving have fun :) play thanksgiving puzzle - will shortz , joel fagliano 
play a puzzle by will shortz and joel fagliano 
i surprised myself with 7 out of 8 . how many can you get ? via 
play a measure puzzle 
have fun with thanksgiving puzzle 
here’s a fun little collection of thanksgiving themed word puzzles . not too hard … 
what a fun little word game to play on thanksgiving eve . a few were really hard ! 
success : family solved this thanksgiving puzzle by will shortz and joel fagliano try it ! 
fun by will shortz and joel fagliano via 

rt gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 


( south korea says it’s working to halt refugees ’ return to north ( 
"“ our government is mobilizing all its diplomatic efforts to ensure that the north koreans won’t be forcibly ... 
south korea says it's working to halt refugees ' return to north 
how disgraceful that the s . korean government needs to be told by foreigners to defend the lives of fellow koreans . 
skorea is pressuring china to allow 9 north korean refugees to travel to the country of their choice 
am i right in thinking this a rare activist move from govt on refugees ? 
south korea said today it was trying to secure the freedom of nine north koreans , including an 11-month-old baby . 
south korea said today it was trying to secure the freedom of nine north ko … 
south korea said today it was trying to secure the freedom of nine north koreans … 
says it’s working to halt ’ return to north 

chicken purchases teach business principles & turn into ecodairy farms 
putting the chicken before the via 
knowing your farmer and how your eggs come to your plate is important . to keep our food freedom we also now ... 
putting the chicken before the egg : 
rt putting the chicken before the egg : [ for … 
improving the eggs before they are hatched 
pastured eggs are the fastest growing category of eggs in the us today , according to 
market growing for pastured eggs . 
" pastured " eggs = the fastest growing type of us but the label isn't regulated . investigates : 
we love good people free thinkers who care !!! 
new release : cd baby page is ready for gene poo poo man anderson : funky for santa claus ( live ) .… 
pasture-raised eggs soar in popularity 
yes ! us consumers see environmental , health , & animal welfare value in pastured eggs from hens that roam by 
putting the before the 
how freerange chickens teach one cluck at a time . 
'' we’re seeing 100 percent year-over-year growth ' . nice article here on pastured eggs from the nyt : 

two paris attackers planned another assault , prosecutor says 
two attackers planned another assault , prosecutor says 
two men involved in the paris attacks appear to have been planning a final assault , by | 
europe ( uk ) top story : two paris attackers planned another assault , prosecutor … see more 
two paris attackers planned another assault in la défense , the business district west of paris 
news update : " paris attackers planned another assault " is this information useful ? 
paris attackers planned another assault , prosecutor says - new york times 
two paris attackers planned another assault , prosecutor … 
two paris attackers planned another assault in business district , prosecutor says 


rt congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 

e.u. offers turkey 3 billion euros to stem migrant flow | | 
could turkey have gotten a better deal ? " e.u. offers turkey 3 billion euros to stem migrant flow " via 
e.u. offers turkey 3 billion euros to stem migration of low wage slaves with no vote to blame ... 
the e.u. offered turkey 3 billion euros to slow the flood of asylum seekers 
nytimesworld : the e.u. offered turkey 3 billion euros to slow the flood of asylum seekers 
offers 3 billion to stem flow 
e.u. offers turkey 3 billion euros to stem migrant . 3 billion to kill the kurds is not a good return on investments 
offers 3 billion euros to stem migrant flow 
e.u. offers 3 billion euros to stem 
eu offers turkey 3 billion euros to stem migrant flow - new york times 
why thinks that offer on will note solve the problem in 
" a resumption of negotiations on full [ turkish ] membership in the eu . " 
e.u. offers turkey 3 billion euros payoff to stem migrant flow 

rt spur emergency edict & intense policing in extrajudicial searches hv shot u … 
rt french push broad sweep forsuspects after attacks ; concerns over liberties ... 
attacks spur emergency edict and intense policing in 
rt civil liberties in france : " the police are now free to pick up and interrogate suspects virtually at will . " … 
in france , some see the police security net as too harsh 
in france 1,072 police searches & 139 interrogations & 117 ppl placed in custody since massacre . no 4th amend ! 
the latest : belt found where fugitive's phone was located - new york times 
the extrajudicial state of affairs in france 
from toulouse to paris the police have been ... aggressively questioning residents 
rt breaking down doors , searches without warrants and aggressive questioning are all now perfectly legal in france . https://… 
rt france : extrajudicial searches have shot up since - carried out in haste , under public pressure … 
rt all over france , police are breaking down doors , conducting searches , questioning residents , with few critics . … 
france now runs the risk of tipping steeply in favor of security at the expense of individual freedoms rt 
when faced with increased activity , how many rights are we willing to give up ? 
" when faced with terrorist activity , how many rights are we willing to give up ? " 
1,072 police searches and 139 police interrogations , and 117 people have been placed in custody 
rt france interior ministry says police have raided 1,200 premises since 13/11 . [ afp ]; [ nyt ] … 
french push broad sweep for suspects after attacks ; concerns over liberties 
simple attendance at a mosque under can land someone in the ' s-files ' 
glad to see the securitization concerns popping up . europe can't be in permanent lockdown out of fear . 
push sweep for after attacks ; concerns over liberties ... 
france after the attacks - 
take ' em down , get ' em out , keep ' em out . save the world from invading cockroaches . 
pays the bill for the fear following the 
muslim terrorists are frightening us to death ; states of emergency never end . france shows us our future , the ... 

in 1950s resrchrs fnd cigarettes caused cancer but policies lagged behind now sme thing is happng w edcs 
rt my column on growing evidence of harm from toxic chemicals , and how to avoid them … 
rt icymi on toxic chemicals in everyday stuff more in report at … 
contaminating our bodies with everyday products 
rt " ... babies are born ‘ pre-polluted ' . " - contaminating our bodies with everyday products 
rt endocrine disruptors are making us sick ; big issue that is barely being talked about . 
a clean home should be a healthy home . 
endocrine disrupters ( which can imitate sex hormones ) found in shampoos , cosmetics , cash register receipts 
it is even more important to be careful with intimate , menstrual , and postnatal products ! 
the chemical industry has inherited the mantle of big tobacco 
an important piece by reminds us to be mindful of the chemical ingredients used in our products . 
rt draft for president . contaminating our bodies w everyday products 
mt chemical industry minimizing science & resisting regulation , by polluting our bodies 
“ there are almost endless parallels with the tobacco industry , ” 
thinking of gifts this holiday season ? pono soap ( not only supports survivors of human ... 
new warnings about toxic chemicals in everyday products w/ links to cancer , deformities & infertility . via : 
rt . updating the toxic substances control act can help fix potential chemical health hazards . … 
rt my column on the growing evidence of harm from toxic chemicals , and how to avoid them … 
your life ! 
medical mainstream issues warning on endocrine disruptors in consumer products . via 
rt new column on fed govt's failure to protect americans from toxic chemicals in everyday products : … 
" for now , experts say the best approach is for people to try to protect themselves . especially for women who are ... 
i've changed over my personal care products , reducing my exposure to pesticides etc by choosing certified organic ... 

pope delivers mass in kenya : the pope spoke to a large , rain-soaked crowd in nairobi . 
pope delivers mass in kenya reports 
" pope delivers mass in kenya " by unknown author via nyt 
" pope delivers mass in kenya " by unknown author nyt november 26 , 2015 at 06:00 am 
" pope delivers mass in kenya " von unknown author in der nyt the new york times 

rt photos : an early-morning raid north of paris 

with the doctor and the politician can vary sharply 
with ben carson , the doctor and the politician can v 
" ... imprecise or ill informed " ? skill in practicing medicine isn't synonymous w/ government leadership skills . duh . 
rt ben carson the politician vs . ben carson the neurosurgeon 
with the doctor and the politician can vary sharply the bubble is bursting 
ben carson colleague to nyt : “ the person and the doctor are very separate from the politician . ” 
rt portrait in ben carson's home depicting him with jesus really rounds out the nyt profile … 
rt when ben carson speaks , are you hearing from a gifted neurosurgeon , or a conservative politician ? … 
when ben carson speaks , are you hearing from a gifted neurosurgeon , or a conservative politician ? via 
with the and the can vary sharply 
the two sides of ben carson 
interesting , well-researched & reported article on the enigma that is 
rt in profile of carson , brilliant surgeon , and mine the inexplicable complexity of being human … 
rt with the doctor and the politician can vary sharply 
omg . ben carson believes in god , doesn't believe in evolution , and is soft on vaccines . the horror ! 
ben carson and i have something in common beside the fact neither of us should be president . i don't swear either - 
a little bit about ben carson prior to his presidential campaign : 
dr. ben , doctor and the politician can vary sharply dr. ben , presidential candidates don't get treated like gods 
ben carson has a portrait of him and jesus on his wall at home - 
rt with ben carson , doctor & politician can vary sharply with a cameo from a former r … 
rt . the doctor v . the candidate . ( via and … 
rt wait you're not telling us ? what did a duck say ?! 
ny times politics newtop story : with ben carson , the doctor and the politician … see more 
“ when he walked around hopkins , he was like god . ” long before politics , ben carson was med students ' idol : 
nytimes : hospital colleagues see 2 carsons 
important read with regard to one of the political dwarf's - sleep or dopey - not sure . 
ben carson appears lucid in nyt interview on science vs . ideology . 
inside story of career is not so glittering as it's made out to be — as this article reveals this 
rt a possible ' rosebud ' here about where obsession w pc began : his removal as hopkins grad speaker … 
at home , ben carson has " a painting of dr. carson in a lab coat next to jesus , who has his arm on carson’s shoulder " : 
with ben carson , doctor & politician can vary sharply with a cameo from a former resident 

" norman c . pickering , who refined the record player , dies at 99 " 
norman c . pickering , refined the record player , dies at 99 
thank you norman pickering for your contribution to society , to the arts and to business .... creating jobs and opport … 
norman c . pickering , engineer , inventor and musician whose pursuit of audio clarity helped music recording died at 99 
thank you sir : 
rip norman pickering , inventor of the pickering cartridge , preserving records and sound quality . 
so this is who we have to thank for being able to play our ... 
the inventor of pickering cartridge , one of the designers of conn model french horn , and president emeritus of ... 
i used this guy's invention every day in my childhood and youth and yet never heard of him 
the man who wanted to be an orchestral violinist but perfected record players instead . 
yes , kids . this man was our elon musk . 
your vinyl , vintage or new , owes a lot to the pickering pickup . 
take a moment folks . nice little article-part of our lives in so many ways norman pickering-refined record player , 
quinn records tm top-10 song chart for monday november 30 , 2015 is posted 
thank you for the music 
check out this article . 
we honor this fascinating man , norman c . pickering for improving the sound quality of our music . 
do you love your lp's ? this guy helped get it right . norman c . pickering , 99 
sad story ! ( bb ) 
love vinyl ? have a nice turntable ? bet you had a pickering cartridge . meet norman pickering , dead at 99 

paris aftermath , pfizer deal , new england patriots via 
your tuesday briefing 
the episode set off an urgent response by nato which called an 
just in time for black friday shoppers research is out today on new 
your tuesday briefing , via 
rt paris aftermath , pfizer deal , new england patriots - . 
" aftermath , via 
check out this roundup : lots to choose from 
your paris aftermath , pfizer deal , new england patriots 

robert dear , suspect in colorado killings , ‘ preferred to be left alone ’ 
oh surprise ! he is a christian and you're a moron : “ he believed wholeheartedly in the bible ” 
oh surprise ! he was a christian and you're a moron : “ he believed wholeheartedly in the bible ” 
there may be other articles about him , this is just one i read . 
one neighbor of shooter remembers he handed out anti-obama , but not anti-abortion , pamphlets : 
dear's ex - he's a bible believing baptist . cue source attack in 3.2.1 . 
robert dear , suspect in colorado killings , ‘ preferred to be ... via nytimes 
loretta lynch pinpointed everything that's wrong with this horrible attack : ... the shooting was “ not only a crime ... 
dear , suspect in colorado killings , ' preferred to be left alone ' - new york times 
topic : happening today the planned parenthood monster is due in court today . one neighbor of his recalls his ... 
is it absolutely necessary to frame robert dear as a lone wolf ? his motivations do not exist in a vacuum 
got hounded by conservatives yesterday saying i'm wrong to call dear a christian terrorist . plot twist : i was right . 
it's funny how different the response is when it's radical christian terrorism . 
they've been trying to say he's " transgendered " lol ... that beard says no . also , his ex-wife 
new details emerge about the christian terrorist who attacked 
right's story about robert l dear lacks the truthy-ness of good that beard agrees 
wrong , read this story please , read all the way till the end if you are able to read , that is 
no ! not proven ! read this from nyt : " mr. dear handed him a few pamphlets strongly critical of mr. obama . " 
this is the truth , can you handle the truth ? read the whole story please 
hey dumbass , the websites you are tweeting links to are not real reputable news sources . try this : 
you do realize all the facts point to robert dear being a conservative who hated obama , right ? 
suspect in colorado killings , ‘ preferred to be left alone ’ this is the type of home it is best not to approach ! 
" ... and he taught their son to hunt doves , as many southern fathers do . " 
rt it’s hard work covering these . here’s the final version . thanks for reading … 
new york times on robert dear , suspect in colorado killings 
' no more baby parts ' - another case of political propaganda inspiring mass shooting ( remember charleston ) 
it's almost as if pushing blatantly false narratives can have unintended consequences 
' no more animate thing physical entity , ' animate thing is said to have told police 
i'm all for being left alone but when there are police records of domestic abuse , animal cruelty , restraining ... 
dear , suspect in colorado killings , ‘ preferred to be left alone ’ still dear able 2 get military style rifle 2 kill 3 
new york times robert dear , suspect in colorado killings , ' preferred to be left alone ' new … 
new york times - usa - no more baby parts suspect is said to have told police - 
here , dumbass . second sentence : 
rt i wish the shooter was described as " no angel , " too . and that black victims got similar empathy and nuance . https://… 
according to it seems they went out and contacted people . they name the people they spoke to . 
suspect in co killings ‘ preferred to be left alone ’ america , not a muslim !!! learn from this . love , mom 
colorado springs shootings prove " politically incorredt " rw lies & slanders are dangerous 
deer didn't develop beliefs in vaccum . lived in motor home outside colo . springs and had suv . 
" no more baby parts " . no more american imperialism . wot ? 
rt fear those who ‘ prefer to be left alone ’ 
it's not often the gives you the story in full while the shit stirs 
religion was the illness . guns were the tool . american taliban . 
media hysteria about colorado shooter prompted colorado police to issue a slap down . nyt however , restrained 
after : threatening neighbor with harm ; shooting neighbor's dog ; peeping tom ; stalking ; abusing wife 
conservative , gun-owning , bible-loving , s&m sex pest , animal-harming , anti-abortion , cop-killer puts white hands up 
. " let's call this what it is . " vs . " mr. dear said a lot of things . " 
colorado killings i find your characterization of " occasional violence " disturbing 
' no more whole physical entity , ' object is said to have told abstraction 
we would have preferred to be left alone too jack ass ! suspect in colorado killings , ‘ preferred to be left alone ’ 

finstagram ! 
fake instagram , a chance to be real 
because let's face it , most people aren't intelligent enough to handle the truth : 
rt ' finstagrams ' ( fake instagram accounts ) give users space to show themselves without filters or photoshop https : … 
finstagram – truer representation of person than their main instagram account . 
finstagram : a world where people are ' fake ' on their real accounts and ' real ' on ' fake ' ones . 
where can teens on be authentic ? is it possible ? 
people are creating 2nd locked instagram accounts so they can be " real " 
" finstagrams " now the place to show real life — not curated — instagram content . hype , or a real thing ? 
here's a suggestion : curate instagram with things you want to see/remember . rt fake instagram , a chance to be real 
on fake a chance to be real . 
rt & link betw users follow & fearfulness loneliness https : … 
do you have a or just for seeking ( gif 
teens are making 2nd instagram accounts to show their real life vs . their main accts which show their idealized life 
on the phenomenon of ' finstagrams ' - roland barthes is literally doing backflips in his grave 
still not-well-understood phenomenon 
" ... the pressure among instagram’s regular users to present idealized images of themselves has only increased " 
rt from the " more than half of the 92% of teens ages 13 to 17 who go online daily use instagram " https : … 
“ life becomes a never-ending junior varsity “ vanity fair ” shoot , ” 
>> finstagram ~ fake a chance to be real 
have you heard of “ finstagram ” accounts ? 
the secret ' friend zone ' and 
news flash : users discover social interaction on instagram is all bullshit . * yawn * --> 
teenagers trend to fake instagram accounts , ' splintering as self-preservation . ' 
are " finstagrams " a real thing ?? am i really that old that ny times had to tell me what this is ?? 
' for many young people , social media has become a burden , a part of life that must be managed . ' 
using fake instagram to be real . on popularity of nyt graphic more : 
full story : 
can't deal . 
a chance to show the real you on ' finstagram ' , or fake instagram . 
( fake instagram for your real friends ) on the rise in us - a chance to show your real self ?! 
teens , 20s , carefully constructed ' image ' reigns , insincerity trumps reality 

sepp blatter and michel platini lose fifa appeals and remain suspended 

" looking for a break from the campaign ? stay away from the tv . " 
looking for a break from the campaign ? stay away from the tv what is this ? straight crazy ! 
looking for a break from the campaign ? stay away from the tv via 
thanksgiving for ia , nh , nv and sc : turkey , stuffing , mashed potatoes , and a heaping helping of political ads . 
live in an early voting state ? you're about to get pounded by $5 million worth of political ads . 
looking for a break from the campaign ? stay away from the tv : for residents of the four ea ... 
dear iowa , new hampshire , nevada and south carolina : happy thanksgiving ! now enjoy an endless loop of political ads . 
rt looking for a break from the campaign ? stay away from the tv 
nytpolitics : rt nytnickc : prepare for politically charged airwaves this thanksgiving . nearly $5m spent by campaign … 
prepare for politically charged airwaves this thanksgiving . nearly $5m spent by campaigns and pacs , w/ 
rt thankful stations : reports off cmag data that team jeb is spending $1.9 m on tv this week … 
thankful stations : reports off cmag data that team jeb is spending $1.9 m on tv this week via 
looking for a break from the stay away from the via 

raw talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of a 
topping studies with a dollop of athletics at the culinary institute of america 

thanks for the warm welcome to our red panda cubs , bo and mei mei , 
new york today : welcome to the jungle 
baby red pandas in brooklyn . this is not a drill . 
even if you don't like red pandas , has something for you : piglets ! bears ! patagonian cavies ! otters ! 
nytmetro : rt tatertatiana : even if you don't like red pandas , has something for you : piglets ! bears ! pata … 

outside experts report that the tamir rice shooting was " unreasonable . " 
lawyers for tamir rice’s family release outside reports criticizing ... 
lawyers for family release outside reports criticizing shooting 
" ... are at odds with three previous investigations commissioned by the prosecutor’s office that labeled the ... 
lawyers for tamir rice's family release outside reports criticizing shooting - new york times 
killing a 12 year old must be criticized . 
rt two former law enforcement officers deemed tamir rice's shooting death " excessive " and " objectively unreasonable . " https://… 
rt lawyers for family release outside reports criticizing his murder 
did we really need two studies to tell us this ? 
rt lawyers for tamir rice’s family have released outside reports criticizing cleveland police for shooting the boy : … 
two new expert reports find the shooting of tamir rice " unreasonable . " grand jury to consider both sets of reports . 
rt lawyers for tamir rice family release outside reports criticizing shooting ca , other experts call it " … 
lawyers for ’ s family release outside reports criticizing shooting 
studies : murder of rice ' unreasonable ' 

rt what china has been building in the south china sea 

gunfire exchange in colorado springs 
co . shooter : we don't have the suspect yet and we do still consider this an active situation . via 

what travelers can expect in paris 
what travelers can expect after the terrorist attack in paris . 

rt photos of mexico’s mennonite heartland 

eldzier cortor , painter of scenes from african-american social life , dies at 99 
eldzier cortor painted the african-american social life of chicago’s south side : “ with money from the w.p.a. , he … 
eldziercortor ( 99 ) passes , printmaker/painter : one of 1st to focus on beauty of black women . 
great artist passes . 
eldzier cortor , a legend of chicago's black popular front & an artist who made the black body beautiful 
eldzier cortor , 99 , painter of scenes from african-american social life 
" the idea is to get them to pause awhile ... to catch their eye a little bit . " eldzier cortor dies at 99 
honour eldzier cortor , painter of scenes from african-american social life , who dies at 99 


new york time caught in a lie !!! -- here's a clue ... " isis " -- seek the truth and you will find it ! 
the nobel peace laureate calls for more war , because we just don't have enough killing in this world : 
. on . ' s meeting with pres . obama urges europe to escalate fight against 
a partnership between the united states and france ... 
brookingsfp : . phlecorre on . barackobama ' s meeting with pres . obama urges europe to escalate fight agai … 
obama urges europe to escalate isis fight us troops are exhausted after 12 years of fighting . thanks gw bush . 
condemning terror 
meeting with urges to escalate fight 
new york times meeting with françois hollande , obama urges europe to escalate isis fight new york times washington … 
meeting with françois hollande , obama urges europe to escalate isis fight - new york times : new york times meeting … 
world news >> " meeting with françois hollande , obama urges europe to escalate isis fight - new york times " 
w/ hollande , obama urges eur to escalate fight on isis against which us also wages econ . war 
françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the president offered his visiting french counterpart wor ... 
françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the french president arrived in washing ... 
books of the times : review : christopher hitchens expounds in â€˜and yet ... â€™ 
what's going on ny ? françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight - new … get found -> 
youtube kids app faces new complaints 
nyt global : françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the french president arrived in washington ju ... 
françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the french president arrived in ... read now ! 


mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage horses in central park 
mayor de blasio to reduce , not ban , carriage horses in central park • this mayor has turned out to be a horse's a -- . 
money talks 
rt dillivanilli82 : rt iconicnycorg : he should be focused on terror or the homeless . inste … 
he should be focused on terror or the homeless . instead is back to horses . 
nyc mayor now seeks to reduce , not ban , horse-drawn carriages in central park via 
mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , central park carriage horses 
de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage in 
not good enough :( mayor bill de blasio is pursuing a new twist on his longtime effort to end the central park ... 
the mayor says no need . 
rt seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage horses in central park those who supported you b4 w … 
what do you think about this ? 
rt bryanjfischer : what they won't tell you : diblasio wants the land occupied by the stable … 
what they won't tell you : diblasio wants the land occupied by the stables for his developer buddies . 
de blasio says neigh to giving up on horse carriage plan 
seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage horses in central park those who supported you b4 will not again ! 
“ ugh ” should be the quote of the day via 
just in time for xmas becomes a scrooge seeks to reduce carriage horses in central park 
rt donnanappo : rt grynbaum : horses an odd cause for bdb , who is pushing council even as h … 
rt donnanappo : rt andyjayhawk : christine quinn opens nyt , sees this article and says " for … 
rt donnanappo : rt savinghorses80 : mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , cen … 
rt donnanappo : rt iconicnycorg : he should be focused on terror or the homeless . instead b … 
rt rt trentoantonio " mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not elimi … … 
rt horses an odd cause for bdb , who is pushing council even as he tries to move past iowa fiasco & focus on nuts/bolts https://… 
rt christine quinn opens nyt , sees this article and says " for this i'm not the mayor ? " 
rt looks like it's possible at least some nyc carriage horses will be living in central park ! https … 
rt mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , central park carriage 
rt gothamexpat : rt iconicnycorg : just in time for xmas billdeblasio becomes a scrooge see … 
rt iconicnycorg : he should be focused on terror or the homeless . instead billdeblasio is … 
rt misterpr : finally , some good horse-sense : mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , ca … 
mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage horses cc : 
rt dsshep1959 : rt horseslivesmatt : mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage hor … 
rt dsshep1959 : rt savinghorses80 : mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , cen … 
rt ewagrniak : rt savinghorses80 : mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , cent … 
rt irishfox1949 : rt horseslivesmatt : mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage h … 
rt horseslivesmatt : mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage horses in central … 

rt what's happening to obamacare premiums 

bobby jindal quits republican presidential race 
totally missed this story ! he was such a poor candidate , it was amazing he stayed in as long as he did ! 

tied to lower risk of dying prematurely 
the study ultimately found that those who drank three to five cups daily saw a 15% reduced death risk . 
as i gaze lovingly at my morning -- coffee tied to lower risk of dying prematurely via 
rt full caf or decaf shown to reduce risk of death from several of most common causes : 
drink coffee , live longer 
need to work a long night pushing your idea forward ? grab another cup of coffee to help you stay up and live longer ! 
finally the news all coffee lovers have been waiting for ! 
more good news for coffee : a large study finds drinking coffee reduces risk of dying from six causes . 
coffee is a yang tonic according to east asian medicine , thus , if your body tolerates coffee , it is good for your ... 
more good news about 
rt i don't mean to brag , but i will probably never die . 
live longer and enjoy the wonderful taste of coffee while doing it . now thats something to be thankful for :) 
rt observational study of 200k correlates coffee ( incl decaf ) consumption w ↓ mortality … 
a large study found that drinking coffee is associated with a reduced risk of dying from 6 causes 
coffee & chocolates , better sex , longer life 
rt fiends , carry on 
coffee . what’s not to love ? 
more reasons to drink coffee !! :) via let s celebrate- :) 
rt some good news to consider as you sip that cup of coffee . it may lower your risk of death . 
good news for coffee lovers 
like i need an excuse ! 
another positive story about coffee - my kind of article :-) 
rt more good news about 
rt new study confirms coffee is good for you . drink ( and eat ) up ! 
whoops ! please see this link for the article ( clearly we need to add some caffeine to our afternoon coffee drip ! ) 

resistance to syrian refugees calls to mind painful past for japanese-americans : 
rt the backlash against syrian refugees recalls dark memories for japanese-americans … 
for japanese-americans , resistance to syrian refugees recalls long-ago fears 
“ to judge someone by ethnicity or their religion ... it was wrong then , it’s wrong today , too . ” -yuka fujikura 
" to judge someone by their ethnicity , or their religion .... it was wrong then , it's wrong today , too . " 
hating syrian refugees like wwii japanese-americans . go 
formerly interned japanese-americans denounce the " hysteria " over syrian refugees . “ we’re better than that . " 
we've been here before ... resistance to recalls camps for japanese-americans 
“ it’s people reacting in hysteria ... ” ms. tsukamoto said . “ this is a country that is based on welcoming immigrants . ” 
to calls to mind painful past for 
resistance to refugees calls to mind painful past for japanese-americans 
those who forget history ... resistance to syrian calls to mind painful past for japanese-americans 

not a great review for but i trust and will still see it . 
review : ‘ the danish girl , ’ about a transgender pioneer 
so excited to watch ‘ the danish girl’! 
. nails this review : ' the danish girl , ’ about a transgender pioneer 
review : the danish girl , about a transgender pioneer : via 
in the usa , review : ‘ the danish girl , ’ about a pioneer 
‘ the danish girl , ’ perversion • " it was like feasting with panthers . the danger was half the excitement . " — wilde 
‘ the danish girl , ’ about a tra ... | … 
review : ' the danish girl , ' about a transgender pioneer - new york times 


rt isis has captured the world's attention , but one report says boko haram has been more deadly 
ranked ahead of isis for deadliest terror group 
mt . >>> 
surpasses as the world's deadliest group . 
good 4 them that they r targeting ' who cares ' & not west ! ranked ahead of for deadliest terror group 
boko haram was responsible for 6664 deaths last year , more than any other terrorist group in the world , including is 
ny times newtop story : boko haram ranked ahead of isis for deadliest terror gro … see more 
rt our bias against africa . boko haram kills more people last year than isis ; what are we doing about it ? … 

politicians getting more potty-mouthed on purpose . 
i'd wondered if others noticed this trend 
and proud of it on the ’ 16 campaign trail 
foul-mouthed and proud of it on the ’ 16 campaign trail — the new york times | 11/27/2015 — candidates hoping to ... 
2016 candidates are cursing more & on purpose jeb shouted “ we’re americans , damn it ! ” in ... 
rt " are you allowed to use profanity ? ” rand paul asked . it would appear so . w/ 
a muzzle , if that is their extent . potty mouth v . real adjectives and facts 
cyberanonymous : nytpolitics : rt mattfleg : " are you allowed to use profanity ? ” rand paul asked . it would appear so .… 
nytpolitics : rt mattfleg : " are you allowed to use profanity ? ” rand paul asked . it would appear so . w/ maggienyt 
2016 candidates are cursing more , and on purpose 
rt last gop nominee said " h-e-double-hockey-sticks " when he felt mischievous . now ... welcome to the profanity primary . … 
“ treat us fairly , ” he said . “ otherwise i’ll tweet the ” — er , daylights — “ outta you . ” 
“ rand totally admires and worships mr. trump and copies anything he says ” 
i wd think anyone wanting to read an article about candidates who swear might not mind reading the actual swearwords 
candidates follow lead , using vulgarity/profanity on campaign trail — departure from past 
g.o.p. candidates are cursing more , and on purpose 
we deserve more from our politicians than their coarsening our discourse for the sake of creating a brand . 
imitating on the gop campaign trail . good luck with that . 
this is unbelievably frustrating to read 
rt you are going to fucking love this story > 
why has this political cycle seemed like a profanity primary ? via 
the air is turning blue on the presidential campaign trail . explores candidate cussing . ( via 
cyberanonymous : nytpolitics : rt mattfleg : last gop nominee said " h-e-double-hockey-sticks " when he felt mischievou … 
nytpolitics : rt mattfleg : last gop nominee said " h-e-double-hockey-sticks " when he felt mischievous . now ... welcom … 
things get salty as the no apologies profanity primary drags on 
raising the level of american political discourse , one swear at a time : 
swearing up a f'n storm on the ’ 16 campaign trail 
foul-mouthed and proud : ’ 16 campaign trail | 
trump , unsurprisingly , leads gop way into the language gutter : 
mob mentality at a time when what the republican party needs is contrariants/the anti-trump : 
rt goodbye , " h-e-double-hockey-sticks . " hello , full-on , 4-letter bombs . prez candidates taking lead : https … 
there's a place and time for everything but politics just isn't the place for that . 
. piece on cursing in campaigns is apt and funny but odd in its stuffy treatment toward printing cusses 

rt inside the gould memorial library , a dazzling building in need of a facelift . photos … 

black-ish ’ star yara shahidi is a role model off-screen 
‘ black-ish ’ star is a role model off-screen 
‘ star is a off-screen 
star yara shahidi is a role model off-screen ( and she's nas ' cousin . beautiful ppl run in their family . ) 
love . 
interesting nyt article about yara shahidi who plays teen daughter zoey on abc's hit show ' black-ish ' 
so proud of on this article in the new york times . all the work she's done deserves recognition . 
" up to us whether these years will feel like a melancholy struggle or an opportunity for growth ” – 
she does more at 15 than most adults star yara shahidi is a role model 
she does more at 15 than most adults - myself included . 💗 " star yara shahidi is a role model off-screen " 


belgium lowers terror attack alert level for brussels 
belgium has lowered the terror alert level for brussels ., via bruselas baja su nivel de amenaza a 3 
top story : retweets belgium lowers terror attack alert leve … see more 
lowers terror attack alert level for brussels : the re-assessment came five days … 
belgium lowers terror alert for 

kremlin cutting economic links with the turks 
rt tensions heat up over downed warplane 
on shooting down by " appeared to soften his remarks " . though it's far less than sufficient 
the nytimes on the consequences of the 
rt putin and hollande met yesterday , as the kremlin prepares to cut economic ties with turkey https : … 
russian-turkish tensions heat up over downed warplane - new york times 
kremlin cuts economic links with the turks after jet shot down . " turkey may have made a grave error with that advice " 
rt moscow prepares to sever economic ties with turkey , which refuses to apologize for the downing of a russian jet … 
putin v . erdogan continues rt kremlin cutting economic links with turkey 
rt perhaps will rethink a tilt toward russia , tho turkey's " european vocation " isn't looking very good either . htt … 
turkey will hurt from the loss of russian tourism 
cutting economic links with the turks - the new york times 
is cutting economic ties with - here we go cc 
kremlin cuts ecolinks turks ancestor ottomans hd bn russianempir rival . warplane confron hs evoked russian patriotism 

what we & reading 
what we’re reading 

with tv viewing changing , networks take longer to drop shows 
with tv viewing changing , networks take longer to drop shows ( via 
networks are taking longer drop shows , and that's awesome : via 
networks now take longer to drop shows due to ratings , cancellation costs , binge-viewing 
delayed viewing means tv shows are now being axed later . 
networks today are hesitant to drop shows with much of television viewing changed . 

addicted to distraction 
addicted to distraction > anybody else have this problem ? 
" endless access to new information also easily overloads our working memory . when we reach cognitive overload , our a … 
i got distracted trying to read this 
addicted to via 
and i wonder whether going " dark " will stress me out a lot , or ...? sorta hope its like this guy : 
are you ? 
great article on digital distractedness from over the weekend . 
important column by , an expert in gaining focus , about how he lost his focus . 
read : i ❤ ️ this by tweeting , am i breaking the rules ? 
" to arguing the internet makes us spend too many hours online limiting our ability to focus 
rt beyond terrorism , beyond climate change , our addiction to distraction is our greatest threat https … 
rt thoughtful essay on our near universal addiction to the internet and its effects on our attention : … 
an article that shared with me 
do not read this now put reminder in your calendar to read later tonight , or train commute . 


rt the united nations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 

paris deal would herald an important first step on climate change 
the paris climate talks : a guide to what's at stake 
the future of the planet is at stake in paris & it has nothing to do with isis !!! 
rt . gets china pledge wrong here : is correct here : https://… 
let's hope this time the talks are different : paris deal would herald an important first step 
paris deal would herald an important first step on change 
photo via protest says it all as un talks kick off in read 
worth reading on paris climate talks 
a rundown of what's at stake during the forthcoming talks , via 
excellent feature on 
deal would herald an important first step on via 
good summary of dynamics and background 
interesting : deal would herald an important first step on 
rt a good overview of what will hopefully come out of the paris climate change talks : 
pres . obama meets with hundreds of world leaders in paris in historic talks . 
ocean sciences article of the day - paris deal would herald important first step on climate change ( new york times ) 
want to know about the talk but don't have a clue ? writes of push to curb climate change . 
paris talks herald an important first step on climate change 
paris deal would herald an important first step on ( the catastrophe clock is running fast 
next , read to understand why is important & different from the last round of 
there is reason to think the paris summit will be different from previous efforts . 
good primer on what the paris climate talks could achieve ( and why they might fall short ) 
international climate negotiations kick off today in paris . explains what's at stake . 
. has a good curtain raiser on what's at stake in paris 
. sets the stage for post-paris climate action 

couple lives 1 year in airbnb homes throughout nyc 
alternate headline : couple lives in crappy apartments before cashing in on privilege 
after two readings , still not sure if " our year of living is serious or brilliant satire . 
rt . and i are living homefree via in nyc . our story via 
: our year of living airbnb 
one year of living - 
for those who prefer the transient lifestyle ... 
when the couch is not good enough . a great read from my friends & 
this reeks of mula and quiet sacrifices : 
our year of living via 
rt these are the types who complain that there aren't any pianos in the " piano district " . the worst . 
underscoring there is life after government ... a great piece from a former colleague . our year of living 
runs airbnb story that is basically indistinguishable from sponsored content : 
... and the high desert of new mexico , i realize that i had always been rooted , just not by a fixed address . 
i feel like this would translate into an interesting book 
did this first , did it longer , solo , multiple cities . where's my nyt piece ? 
interesting experiment esp in light of ongoing debate about airbnb . 
testing out neighborhoods with airbnb 
rt this whole thing made my eyes bleed 
these artists moved to a different neighborhood in nyc every month for a year using airbnb 
give me your disaffected , your bohemian trust funders , your jetsetting b&bers yearning to breathe free . 
a year of living could you do it ? 
having recently had a great experience with an apartment in london for over 2 weeks , this read is fun , interesting ,… 
one year of airbnb living in nyc ... 
rt imagine living like a nomad in new york city , from one airbnb place to another for a year . https://… 
i hope these people slip in the shits they took all over my city 
our year of living " we decided to move to a different neighborhood every month for a year " 
rich people are the worst . can someone please throw them all in the ocean : 
read this piece about one couple's year of living in only airbnbs : 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

" the cult of the toto toilet " 
you ain’t seen nothing yet . 
" your life is really good when you have a heated toilet seat . ” 
posh but is there a for this loo . " the cult of the toto via 
what a surprise ... as difficult to get americans to upgrade their toilet as it is to upgrade to management . 
not your average commode . cult of the toto washlet . cost ? $ 2,400 to $ 9,800 each 
until you sit on a you ain't taken a real crap . 
regarding the $ 9,800 toilet 
rt apparently is a thing ? all you need to do is install a to upgrade to luxury … 
rt says a lot about the cult of the japanese toto toilet that this piece is in the fashion & style section of the times https://… 

rt why is miami an arts center ? see or & bec support , incl 57 new art … 
miami’s art world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood 
why is miami an arts center ? see or & bec support , incl 57 new arts grants today . 
interesting read 
art world sets sights on buying their buildings not renting 
move over wynwood , little haiti is miami’s next art mecca ! 
miami's art world sets sights on little haiti neightborhood ( via 
can one paint gentrification ? 
" the neighborhood retains a strong hold among the island’s diaspora in south florida . " my growing up ! 
hmmmm ... you read this ? > ’ s sets sights on 
i show where the cool kids show . apparently . come check it out dec . 3rd-6th ! 
“ when openings started filling with 17-year-olds looking to get drunk , i knew collectors weren't going to come ” 
world sets sights on neighborhood 
miami's art world sets sights on little haiti neightborhood ( via nytimes ): 
the discusses miami's very own as an up-and-coming art neighborhood : 
new york times : miami's art world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood - 

rt don lemon doesn't get offended 

policy questioned : ... 
new york times : a player and a policy questioned 
is the nfl doing enough about concussions ? 
improved concussion mgt protocols in a big improvement , but still loopholes leave players open to risks . 
concussion policy questioned after quarterback stayed on the field despite showing concussion symptoms 
nfl player's concussion raises questions about consistency in league's new policy . 
rt football : policy questioned -- observers are wondering whether the nfl's system to handle concussions is working . … 
ouch . 
end football would be funny if it weren't deadly 
when will football fans realize that they are increasingly becoming like spectators at a roman coliseum who enjoy ... 
observers are wondering whether the n . f . l . ’ s system to handle concussions is working as designed after the rams’… 

" the world’s most prosperous failed state " 
: terrorism response puts belgium in a harsh light 
belgium : ' the world’s most prosperous failed state . ' 
belgistan ? terrorism response puts belgium fractured government in a harsh light / 
rt reveals " diffuse incoordination " in " overorganised " belgium . good piece https :/ … 
rt ethnic sectarianism , dysfunctional bureaucracy , and poor responses to terrorist threats v … 
month before the paris attacks , mayor schepmans ( belgium ) received a list with people suspected as islamic militants 
unbelievable . 
response puts in a harsh light 
rt only one member of four-person poorly-funded anti-radicalisation team speaks arabic . welcome to http … 
the two brothers lived in a subsidized apartment visible from the mayor's office 
it might produce stronger security to bomb than 
' s perennial dysfunctions and the 
the wise peter tulkens of politburo belgium once told me " if you think you understand belgian politics , you don't " : 
rt the paris attacks , planned by men in belgium , shine a spotlight on the " world’s most prosperous failed state . " https : … 
for fractious deep divisions along language is always near . 
its capital frozen , belgium surveys past failures and squabbles 
fingerpointing from the champion of dyfunctional states to the small , black sheep of the class . 
unfortunately a perfect of the poor of 
when internal divisionism creates terror to neighbours . case of belgium . 
rt belgium : ' the world’s most prosperous failed state . ' 
a month before paris , belgian mayor got list of suspected terrorists , incl . 2 paris attackers + suspected mastermind 
how the world turns , usa is the one and only responsible for is and the chaos in the middle east 
# " jambon , a flemish nationalist who has doubts about whether belgium — divided ... 
“ because it * forced * them to share information ” . and herein lies the issue . 
a must-read article about , but especially for , belgians about " the belgian disease " . excellent article in 
rt getting annoyed of reading that belgium is a failed state . if so , why is it so good at taking half my salary in tax ? htt … 
key lesson from is that successful ct requires intel sharing & breaking down agency silos 
" tribal squabbles " from the world's most prosperous " failed state " . terms typically used for africa & middle east . 

open season is seen in gene editing of animals ( 
very interesting debate : open season is seen in gene editing of animals 
some interesting scientific advances and ethics here : open season is seen in gene editing of animals 
from our industry news alert : from to dairy the gene-editing era has begun . 
rt as we debate the ethics of gene-editing humans , the alteration of ( other ) animals is already underway … 
gene editing our menu 
wow . we are on the edge of a brave new world . careful , scientists . make sure to remove bench blinders occasionally . 
rt for my latest piece in nyt , i got to visit with a pair of genetically modified calves . 
open season is seen in of animals 
coming : open season for editing the genes of animals - because it is so " easy " !? 
it starts with mosquitoes & hornless cattle .... then probably ends something like the movie gattaca 
open season is seen on gene editing of animals - via nyt 
of course no professional sports person would be getting involved in this , would they ? 
" gene-edited animals . " scientists use new tools to edit dna on demand . " do we want it ? " becomes " will we allow it ? " 
rt just in time for christmas — a menagerie of genetically modified animals ! my latest in 
rt these cows were gene edited to be hornless , and may be the future on 4 legs 
open season is seen in editing of animals 
cld they just focus instead on editing out the asshole-mass-murderer-rapist genes ? in , like , men ? 
new edits to animal genes cut down on rough drafts , but not on worries 
not only do i have to watch out for gmos but now gene edited animals too ?? will eating ever be easy ? 
rt discussion of gene-edited animals with my 11-yo invariably leads to wings 
we know genetically modified organisms are problematic but what should we think about gene editing ? hornless cows ... 
nyt on the state of animal genetic engineering . 
is open season in gene editing of animals good ? 
crispr has arrived . prepare for a new outbreak of misinformed , logic-resistant keyboard warrior : 
rt genetically-modified crops come to the meat aisle . 
“ it’s going to change the societal question ... to , ‘ next year we will have it ; will we allow it ? ’ ” 

former rikers inmate who received settlement is fatally shot in brooklyn ! 
" former who received settlement is fatally shot in brooklyn , " as $ 450,000 was awarded in september . 
rt man who was brutally beaten by guards and was going to receive a $ 450,000 settlement was shot and killed in brooklyn ht … 
former rikers inmate who received settlement is fatally shot in brooklyn killed before receiving his settlement . hmm 
months after a settlement award , a former rikers inmate beaten by guards was fatally shot in brooklyn . tragic : 
lax-law state guns at work in former rikers inmate beaten by guards fatally shot in brooklyn 
not surprising : " no arrests had been made ... investigators provided no other details ... " 

"‘ rocky ’ and ‘ creed ’ : a critical comparison " 
‘ and ‘ a critical comparison 
tomorrow !!!! / ' rocky ’ and ‘ creed ’ : a critical comparison - the new york times 
nyt assesses sylvester stallone : " the large hole in the center of " rocky ; " a pleasure to watch " in creed : 
can't wait for this tomorrow ! there's no bigger rocky fan than me . no , not that creed .... 
this is pretty neat . 

these are the words no new york subway rider wants to hear 
“ if you got sick , would you want someone to step over you and say , ‘ i’m late to get to macy’s’ ? ” 
a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
the 2 words that nyc subway riders annoying hear day after day and never wants to hear it again . 
nytimes : these are the words no new york subway rider wants to hear 

rt make some pie dough this weekend 
how to make a pie crust 
rt i ain't pass the ( data analysis ) bar , but i know a little bit . y'all need help with that pie crust ? … 

japanese whaling fleet set to leave for antarctic 
awi condemns announcement that antarctic fleet will set sail december 1st to kill 333 minke whales 
japan whaling fleet set to leave for antarctic - 


one slogan , many methods : black lives matter enters politics 
one banner and multiple political tactics . 
. recounts movement & its influence on political discourse 
one slogan , many methods : enters politics via 
rt pursues new pathways of engaging people for change 
rt john eligon's story good to share w/those who mistakenly generalize about a complex movement . https :/ … 
one slogan , many methods : black matter enters 

yummy ... 
pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel 
pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel - looks delicious ! 

ahmad rashad , da goat . 
with tv proposal , ahmad rashad married sport and pop culture : 
resonated with me ... story from a moment captured , so well-written : 
wow , this image 30yrs ago . ahmad/felicia rashad get married . bill cosby gives her away , oj simpson rashad's best man . 
a tv proposal on thanksgiving , 1985 , married sport and pop culture via 
1985 in nyt : with tv proposal , ahmad rashad married sport , pop culture 
ny times newtop story : with tv proposal , ahmad rashad married sport and pop cul … see more 
when ahmad rashad popped the question on live tv 
rt if we only knew then what we know now ... with tv proposal , ahmad rashad married sport & pop culture | … 
if we only knew then what we know now ... with tv proposal , ahmad rashad married sport & pop culture | via 
was this really 30 years ago ? good article harkening to a world before social media . the highlight is the wedding ... 
there's so much in this article about ahmad rashād i never knew . specifically , everything in this article . 
a tv proposal for thanksgiving 
rt when ahmad and phylicia rashad got engaged at halftime on thanksgiving by 


how to talk to your relatives about politics at 
how to talk to your relatives about at 
how to ( accurately ! ) talk about politics : 
how to talk to your relatives about politics at via 
" how to talk to your relatives about politics on thanksgiving ! " 
but why would you want to ? 
der furher spoon feeds you his annual holiday propagandist pablum via the ny slimes : 
rt use political science to navigate awkward political conversation at the thanksgiving dinner table : … 
donald trump is very popular among the least educated republicans 
yo why would you ever lump bernie in with human garbage like this 
trump performs especially well among republicans without a college degree . how to talk politics at thanksgiving 
nice shout out to kahan & co around the holiday table : 
my thanksgiving column also includes my current take on primary races : i'm still short trump but not as much as past 
bc your crazy aunt dont know wat she talking about , the nyt on " how to talk/respond to your relatives about politics " 
important info on the eve of thanksgiving : how to talk to your relatives about politics via 
my advice for that annual american holiday tradition : awkward political conversation at thanksgiving dinner 
rt note : i'm not * advocating * talking politics with your relatives at thanksgiving - just offering help if it comes up ! http … 
things to talk about tomorrow over dinner here's your guide : throw in some $ & religion too 
" there is no shortage of topics in the news that could turn the dinner conversation ugly " . 
don't 



ok now i just want to know why don lemon even has a job and why this reporter is kissing his ass 
don lemon doesn’t get offended 
if don lemon weren't a journalist , he'd " be a writer like james baldwin . " or maybe an activist -- but more x than mlk . 
lol , ok , don lemon . 
don lemon says if he weren't busy being don lemon he'd " probably be a writer like james baldwin . " that or malcolm x . 

electing to ignore the poorest of the poor ... 
16 million americans live on $8.60 or less/day ! highlights in the us 
govt support 4poorest fell over a 1/3 in 21yrs post 1983 . awaited aei-brookings rept shd pave way 4 breakthru . 
rt " 16 million americans live on $8.60 a day " 
why do we choose to ignore the poorest of the poor ? the human cost of this choice is too high for our society . 
poorest of the poor excluded from safety net : 
by focusing on the middle class , both parties ignore " the deeply , persistently poor . " 
rt " witnessing the presidential debates , i am not optimistic that deep poverty is going to become anybody’s priority . " https :/ … 
focused on the middle class , both parties ignore the poor 
exclusively focusing on the middle class means ignoring the poor 
" by believing the poor are not exerting enough effort , we allow ourselves not to care . " 
thinking about deep , intractable poverty via 
rt out of sight , out of mind . “ we know startlingly little about life at the bottom of society , ” notes matthew desmond … 
rt believing the poor aren't exerting enough effort lets us ignore that almost 16m live in extreme poverty < $8.60 /day . http … 
rt 16 million americans live on $8.60 or less a day . 
ignoring the persistently poor 
rt in the us there's the deserving poor and the undeserving poor . we get to ignore those . my column 
rt no other advanced nation tolerates this depth of deprivation . must read us ignores poorest of poor … 
rt the beginnings of a bipartisan approach to deep poverty , by eduardo porter 

rt french president françois hollande said he'll travel to washington next week to meet with president obama … 

extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 decades 
new york times : extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 decades 
extreme weather , which will only become more common with climate change , is tied to 600k deaths in last 20 years . 
in 20 yrs extreme weather killed over 600,000 worldwide . 
what does congressman lamar smith have to say about extreme weather tted to over 600,000 deaths over 2 decades 
inescapable human tragedies should not escape our actions . 
rt un report : weather disasters injured 4.1 bn people in last 20 yrs , caused trillions in damage , and will keep rising https … 
extreme weather tied to 600,000 + deaths in 2 decades 
. extreme weather linked 2 over 600,000 deaths over last 2 decades . the poor r hit hardest . who profits from this ? 
rt the u.n. is warning that the frequency and impact of weather-related disasters will rise 
rt a u . n . -backed climate meeting starts next monday in paris . more than 120 national leaders are set to attend … 
over 600,000 deaths in the past 2 decades were caused by extreme weather . 
says weather-related disasters have killed 600k ppl over 20yrs , economic losses at trillions of dollars . 
un : extreme weather has killed 600,000 people in the past 20 years & climate change will increase these figures . 
rt . " extreme weather tied to more than 600,000 deaths over two decades . " https : … 

f.s.u. reported few rape cases to the u.s. 
underreported rape cases 
ignoring this will f.s.u. covered up 99 of 113 rape cases incl . 40 football players to the u.s. 
florida state tallied 113 students reporting sexual battery in 2014 but reported just 14 cases to the feds . 
rt this is something , from the former director of fsu's victim advocate office … 
rt " total of 113 students reported being sexually battered ... college reported only 9 cases to the federal government " https : … 
is it ?? 
police conducted " virtually no investigation " of the allegation against 
rt disappearing evidence ... huh ? wtf is talking about ? 1st time hearing this on … 
the university doesn't consider necessary to report rapes to the federal government if they occur off premises 
reported 14 of 113 rape cases , and 1 of 40 cases from team held responsible 
there is a history of poor investigation and poor reporting ... keep denying .. 
reported few rape cases to the u.s. | … 
the university reported only 9 of 113 cases of student-reported rape to the federal government because many of ... 
rapist winston update : cases to the u.s. 
rt fsu on sexual assault : even worse than you think . 

with google’s offline maps , getting around gets cheaper 
with google’s offline getting around gets cheaper 
travellers , google’s offline maps will help you navigate free of charge : 
finally , you can download google maps and use them offline . 
google’s offline maps includes interesting " local guides " feature 
with offline maps , getting around gets cheaper 
finding your way without having to be connected ( via cc : 
finally ! google rolling out offline maps 
offline maps make it cheaper to get around 
new from just in time for download maps offline with turn-by-turn voice directions : 
all you need to know about google’s offline maps . 
the getaway : with offline maps , gets cheaper 
new from more offline features incl turn-by-turn directions for mobile . perfect for the weekend getaway 
offline maps news . but starting on wi-fi , my tablet keeps a satellite signal for turn-by-turn directions anyway . 
top story : find your way without losing your wallet see more 
yaaas google 🙌🙌 🌍 

so great , perhaps this will convince people to keep accepting refugees ! 
france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees 
youre right , thanks . it was a prior commitment & over 2 yrs : it's still wrong . they should not . 

rt facebook state-sponsored attack warning helped alert us state department : 
hackers attack state dept . via social media accounts 
the iranians have learned that cyberspace is where all players , the big and the small , can have the same effect . 
rt officials say they are seeing a surge in attempts by 
rt hackers attack state dept . via social media accounts 
just finished reading about iranian hackers ( and somehow toys being hacked is creepier . 
gracias bobama .. iranias hackers attack state dept . via social media accounts 
rt u.s. officials say they are seeing a surge in cyberespionage attempts by iran 
attack state dept . via accounts 
iranian hackers attacked state dept . via social media accounts - the new york times 
iranian hackers attack via social media accounts 
rt dividend ! | 2 weeks after clinched , resumed against officials … 
rt surge of hacking from iran against us state dept ? might rather be someone at state dept finally noticing attacks . … 
iranian attack state dept . via social media accounts - 
the state department learned of email and social media breaches by iranian hackers only because facebook told them : 
iranian hackers attack state dept . via accounts - the new york times 
rt hackers attack via social media accounts 

legacy at stake in paris talks on climate accord 
obama’s legacy at stake in paris talks on climate accord 
obama legacy at stake in paris talks climate accord 
what's on the line in paris ? potentially 100+ countries pledging lower carbon emissions . still , impact debatable 
but one shouldn't forget the enormous opposition he had/has ! obama’s legacy at stake in paris on climate accord 
push is shaping contours of his coming legacy push back . 
from obama’s legacy at stake in paris talks on accord 
the paris climate summit and president obama's legacy - story by coral davenport : 
president obama's personal mission ... 
rt " obama comes to paris with a moral authority that no other president has had on the issue of climate change " … 
fascinating piece on obama's climate change legacy -- the struggle , the opposition , the future : 
why so much talk about legacy when there is so much going on in that will define obama's legacy for him . he is ... 
alternate headline : obama has nothing to show for last 7 yrs so his legacy at stake in paris climate talks 

rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold . more photos : 
rt photos of the day 
pictures of the day : belgium and more 
rt a soldier patrolled an empty mall in brussels on monday . much of the city was closed … 
photos of the day from 
rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold in the north of the country https … 
rt pictures of the day : 

miley cyrus’s world of excess 
enjoyed this pitiless evisceration of miley by 
it's her party , she can ( over)do what she wants 
the nyt's review of concert has the best kicker . 
" her movement was restricted , because she was dressed like a stick of butter ... " 
review : miley cyrus's world of excess 
review : world of fyi 
read this review , if only for its stellar opening paragraph ( spoiler : involves both slabs of butter&2015 zeitgeist ) 
funniest line among many in show review is too long to tweet ( fried egg , 7th graph ) . 
review : miley cyruss world of excess 

why thanksgiving is today 
fdr set thanksgiving to the fourth thursday to allow for more time for shopping ... 
pres . lincoln launched thanksgiving day and fdr changed the date with commercial intent . 
. why is today - 
" a man in south dakota accused [ fdr ] of stripping americans of their idealism and morale . " 
here's why we celebrate thanksgiving on the last thursday of november . 

after paris attacks , vilifying refugees 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable & , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
rt isn't america in a catch 22 ? it must be a conundrum to argue for or agst battening down the hatches to stop terror . https :/ … 
rt confusing w terrorists = morally unacceptable + as a strategy , misguided " 
after paris attacks , we must stand 
icymi , an editorial in the after paris attacks , vilifying 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable , as a strategy , misguided " 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable and ... misguided " 

north and south korea to hold high-level talks next month . 
:: north and south korea move toward high-level talks 
north and south korea move toward high-level talks - the new york times 
high-level talks between both koreas may be getting closer after negotiators met on their countries ' border today . 
high-level talks between both koreas may be getting closer after negotiators met … 
high-level talks between both koreas may be getting closer after negotiator … 
bigreporter : and move 

charlie sheen says he has hiv and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret - new york times 
rt charlie sheen's hiv status : cs says he paid mllions t keep it quiet puzzlng : have we moved on s/ ' … 
rt isn't it time to get serious about wiping out so no one has to be tized ? 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep it secret 
rt we hope . announcement finally quiets tabloids . should not be stigmatized ! 


isis shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet - new york times 


jonah lomu , 40 , dies ; rugby superstar melded power and speed 
nyt coverage ... jonah lomu ; rugby superstar melded power and speed 

. senate bid that didn’t stop at the senate 
first campaigns : ted cruz’s senate bid that didn’t stop at the senate 
ted cruz's senate bid that didn't stop at the senate 
little late on this story about ted cruz & never touches on understanding of rules , but worth a quick read- 
ted cruz , the children's museum of houston and his triumph in texas of ideology over personality 
rt mannynyt : ted cruz , the children's museum of houston and his triumph in texas of ideology over persona … 
rt mannynyt : ted cruz , the children's museum of houston and his triumph in texas of ideology over personality 
ted cruz started as a " tea party revolutionary " in his first campaign 

israel aims to recreate wine that jesus and king david drank 
aims to recreate ancient wine : 
with indigenous grapes , israel breaks new ground in wine industry 
talk about sacramental wine 
israel would do better to recreate the mercy & kindness jesus preached than the wine that he made . 
recreating the that drank ? you have our attention , 
israeli vintners aim to recreate wine king david & jesus drank . quite amazing ! 
drink to tradition ! israeli and palestinian farmers are recreating the wines of old in middle east - 
was this the wine at the wedding in cana ? 
monday's in the news - what did jesus drink ? you'll soon be able to taste yourself . 
israel makes wine -the muslims make terrorism ! 
6 . antiquity , oenology : israel , historical recreations , wine formulas : israel to recreate wine that jesus drank 
aims to recreate wine that jesus and king david drank : the redevelopment of local … 
develops that drank bring on 
now this is old wine ... 
rt innovative new from indigenous … 
. performing in service of israeli foreign ministry again , this time with settlement university puff piece 
authenticity , archaeology and wine in israel 
aged for 8 months or 1800 years - depending how you look at it . israel recreates that jesus & king david drank 

chinese families represent the largest group of overseas home buyers in the united states 
chinese cash floods u.s. 
chinese cash finds american homes and drives up prices . 
chinese cash floods u.s. housing market 
appalling !… rt chinese buyers acquiring 1 in 14 u.s. homes sold for over $1 million 
rt chinese families are looking for a safe place to invest . and american real estate is a very popular option . … 
" cash floods u.s. real estate market " -- seeking a better live , they snap up in the united states . 
rt all-cash deals by chinese buyers are trumping deals with mortgages and down payments . https://… 
nytimesbusiness : chinese cash finds american homes and drives up prices . 
families looking for safe place to invest . us is a popular option : 
conflicting reports on chinese buying u.s. real estate . nyt : piling in wsj : pulling back 
also 2 germany ! 
the sf bay area is heavily impacted by this real estate evolution ... 
still going strong . 
rt chinese cash flooding u.s. real estate market , says nyt , with reference to 
rt rt the china factor | part iii : chinese cash flood ... via nytrea … https : … 

dehumanizing the athletes ? 
i'm mentioned in william rhoden's " sports of the times " column about fantasy sports . 
first tbi , now nyt on dehumanizing athletes ... 
jonathan stewart whines , " fantasy football dehumanizes athletes " 
a world of fantasy ( a nod to the stairsteps from mighty harlan high ! ) sports ’ real crime : dehumanizing the athletes 
fascinating article about the disconnect between athletes and fantasy teams . how systems change perception of people 
i am not a huge fan of fantasy football . here is another reason to be less of a fan . 
do fantasy sports dehumanize athletes ? 
fantasy sports as collective sociopathy : 
former rb jonathan stewart isn't a fan of your fantasy team : 
core values vs . instrumental ( transactional ) values . means to an end vs . ends unto thems … 
do fantasy sports dehumanize the athlete ? 
not a great article . a poor representation of the over 50 million players . 


a video game is now being prescribed for kids with adhd . learn more about it : 
is built to be prescribed to children with a.d.h.d. 
check out this article on " project evo " , a videogame created to treat children w/ 
they build a video game specifically for children with adhd 
project : evo is a prescription created to improve attention , reduce impulsivity in children with adhd 
video games are being develop to harness the passion for adventure and need for intensity common in adhd ... 
video game is built to be prescribed to children w/ 
video game is looking to be fda certified for adhd 
hacker news - video game built to be prescribed to children with adhd 
video game to be prescribed to adhd children addboy blog & ebooks - 
can a video game be prescribed to children with adhd ? we need more research via 
rt worry no more parents ! a new is built to be prescribed to children with via 

[ france , 2 weeks after paris attacks , observes national day of mourning [ 
entity observes national day of mourning 
ny times : 2 weeks after paris attacks , observes national day of mourning 
2 weeks after paris attacks , observes national day of mourning : at an official … 
2 weeks after observes national day of mourning 

how the paris attacks are affecting gop campaign ads 
paris attacks darken tone of g.o.p. campaign ... 
paris attacks darken tone of us republicans ' campaign ads 
attacks darken tone of gop campaign ads - new york times : 
paris attacks darken tone of gop campaign ads 

rt erdogan - killer of kurds - has to go ! 
rt erdogan says he does not want to escalate . russia sends new missiles to syria , which is how things escalate . … 
navigator of downed russian plane says there was no warning 
navigator of downed russian plane there was no warning - new york times 
navigator of downed russian plane says he was given no warning 
" mr. lavrov suggested that the united states might have had a role in the attack " - the new york times - 
of downed plane says there was no warning - new york times - 
navigator of downed plane says there was no warning - the new york times 
oh no ! this is gonna be a ww iii 
navigator of downed says thr was ? 
vist- of downed russian plane says there was no warning - new york times 
think about the different messages various groups are receiving : russians americans etc & how that impacts behavior 
navigator rescued after turkey shot down warplane , russia says - new york times 
speaking of turkey 
russia : no warning from turkey : turkey : yes , warning to russia : 


the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
the uncommon of parisian street life : 

rt charlie hebdo's latest cover offers a message of defiance 


thanksgiving through the years with presidents , their families , and turkeys ( some survived ) . 
thanksgiving through the years with presidents , their families , and turkeys ( some survived ) . … 
presidential thanksgivings 
lovely pics 

rt " excellent nyt correction , via … " 
review : adele holds firm on ‘ 25 , ’ even as pop shifts 
one of my favorite corrections in the history of corrections 
new york times reviews adele's third album -- " 25 . " legend " holds firm " despite absence . 
lol . rt best correction ever . cc : 
rt okaaaaay . rt best correction ever ? 
rt everyone makes mistakes , everyone has those days . 

thanksgiving flight patterns : 
pumpkin pie in miami : thanksgiving flight patterns 
where americans fly for thanksgiving . 
after adjusting for the with the biggest increase in flights is happy 
geeking out hard over these right now 
where are people headed for thanksgiving ? search data offers some surprises . 
animated thanksgiving flight patterns in the us 
elegant and insightful travel patterns dataviz 
great holiday ! saw these visuals and laughed - hit the nail on the head , with my family anyway ! 
very cool visualization of data . 
' kenreisman/machine-learning ' top : pumpkin pie in miami : thanksgiving flight pa … see more 
fantastic moving showing where americans flew to for thanksgiving 
pumpkin pie in miami : facinating thanksgiving flight patterns visualization 
flight patterns in the u.s. on thanksgiving 
rt flight patterns in the u.s. on 
thanksgiving via 
rt everyone is getting the hell out of d.c. this week 
pumpkin pie in miami : flight patterns via 
rt want to avoid talking to your family at thanksgiving ? this map will buy you 10 minutes . … 
search data offers some surprises about where americans are planning to travel for 
thanksgiving flying patterns / visual data 
thanksgiving flight patterns beautiful of where people are flying on 
nice data visualisation of thanksgiving flight patterns 
last-minute flights . sin city escapes . how americans are traveling on thanksgiving . 
pretty cool stuff ! search data offers sme surprises abt where americans r planning 2 travel for d holiday 
interesting thanksgiving flight patterns via 
the nation's thanksgiving flights , visualized 
this is pretty cool . pumpkin pie in orlando and miami ? thanksgiving flight patterns . 



rt heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 

france unsure if raid killed top suspect in paris attacks - new york times 
2 die as french police seek paris attacks suspect ; 7 arrested in raid - new york times 
rt breaking news : two people died in a raid near paris , including one who blew herself up , and the police arrested 7 … 

tighter lid on records threatens to weaken government watchdogs ... 
rt admin's clamp on weakens watchdogs 
rt obama 2007 : " we have to take the blinders off the white house ; " pledges most transparent presidency . obama 2015 : … 
anonyops : rt jesselynradack : admin's clamp on weakens watchdogs 
“ this is by far the most aggressive assault on the inspector general concept since the beginning . ” ht 
" tighter lid on threatens to weaken government cases on sexual assaults and drug raid 
from strengthening to empowering inspectors general , we can certainly do better : 
no matter who is in power , congress & citizens depend on inspectors general to do ongoing agency-embedded oversight 
everyone should agree that strong , independent inspectors general are critical to open , accountable and honest govt 
rt obama is least transparent president in u.s. history -- new york times 
rt how the obama administration has clamped down on internal government investigations . via 
transparency , obama ? 
rt despite controversary fhfa & ust oig + don't act https :/ … 
catching up on stories i missed during the break . man , this is worrisome . 
rt obama not only breaks promises , he does the opposite : new limits on record access weakens government watchdogs https://… 
threatens system legacy 
" the restrictions imposed by the obama administration reflect a new level of acrimony . " this is very depressing 
rt doj lawyers concluded in a legal opinion that some protected records could be kept off limits to govt investigators https … 
the most transparent administration in history , obama said ...... 
obama admin restricts investigations by its own govt watchdogs . 
going after whistleblowers wasn't enough for the obama controllers .. 
rt oversight is completely illusory if ig's don't have complete access . this is beyond disturbing . 
" the continuing honduran inquiry is one of at least 20 investigations across the government that have been ... 
rt great piece by i always wonder what the transparency president thinks about such outrages . … 
tighter lid records threatens weaken gov't watchdogs how do we hold our gov't accountable ? 
when " all records " doesn't mean all records . on obama administration efforts to stymie its own igs . 
rt the obama administration's aggressive assault on inspectors general 
rt " the bottom line is that we’re no longer independent , ” said michael horowitz , the justice dept inspector general https://… 
imagine a private corporation operating anywhere near this level of secrecy . " most transparent president ever . " 
rt most transparent administration in history etc 

rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 

back in burlington , got shit done … 
as mayor , bernie sanders was more pragmatist than socialist 
as mayor , bernie sanders was more pragmatic than socialist 
a portrait of the pragmatist mayor of burlington 
as mayor , was more pragmatist than socialist 
“ he knows that things will only be changed little by little , one by one . that’s why he’s been effective . ” 
posting again . it's so good . as mayor , sanders was more pragmatist than socialist 
yeah here is some good information on what he was like as mayor 
sounds good . as mayor , was more pragmatist than 
2 nyt articles on bernie on same day ! re immigration and on being a pragmatist as mayor 

thanksgiving quiz : who’s eating what , where 
thanksgiving quiz : who’s eating what , where follow kevinfitts 
+quiz+ thanksgiving quiz : who’s eating what , where via 
rt thanksgiving quiz : who’s eating what , where via 
what is the ham capital of america on thanksgiving ? and marshmallows ? a quiz : 
quiz : who’s eating what and where . 
in some cities , people eat ham for thanksgiving . can you guess which ? 
" thanksgiving : who’s eating what , where " 
thanksgiving : who’s eating what , where - the new york times 
what thanksgiving foods are most popular in which cities ? 
nyt asked who’s eating what , where for via 
take the quiz .... thanksgiving : who’s eating what , where 
who’s eating what , where 7 out of 7 
an thanksgiving food quiz : see if you can guess who is eating the most marshmallows and the least pie . 

rt nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 


pecan pie truffles 
pecan pie truffles recipe 
i need these ! 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 

reporter who forced release of laquan mcdonald video is barred from news event 
rt reporter who forced release of video barred from press conference with mayor & police superintendent https://… 
rt reporter who forced release of video was barred from news event 
reporter who forced release of video is barred from news event via 
calling out rahm's spin in lieu of action : it's essentially the issue i tried to raise in the press conference 
figures 
see this ... this ... ... and this ... 
reporter- forced release of is barred from news event : 
not to be trusted 
rt this and failure of chicago pd to charge officers who covered up murder show sick police culture ... htt … 
rt ( who forced release of video is barred f/ news event … 
reporter who forced release of laquan mcdonald video is barred from news conference 
rt reporter who forced release of video is barred from news event 

omg ! the hyperbole of 
the hyperbole of internet-speak : via 
nyt style can help you talk like a teen 
dying ! the hyperbole of internet-speak ( for those who can't even ... ) 
yaass , * dying * over this article : the hyperbole of internet-speak 
omg literally dying 
" but she wasn’t literally dying . she wasn’t figuratively dying , either . " on the hyperbole of internet-speak 
omg ! and the times is on it 
all too true . the hyperbole of internet-speak 
literally dying : the nyt takes on hyperbole in online communication 
literally dying over this column : the hyperbole of internet-speak by v 
i can’t < i can't even < i cannot < i literally cannot < i have lost the ability to even 
a ; lsdkjfa ; lsdkgjs !! i can't even . literally died reading this . 
rt priceless . literally and figuratively dying 
omg this article literally dyinggggg 
dying ( literally) ! the hyperbole of internet-speak 
think of how “ great ” used to mean really great , like catherine the great great ... now it’s hardly better than “ good . ” 
another thinkpiece bites the dust 
rt the snake people have some new words and the times is on it 
' kenreisman/machine-learning ' top : death by internet hyperbole : literally dying … see more 
"“ ded ” ( when you are dying so fast that typing an “ a ” would delay the entire process ) " 
" omg i'm dying " - welcome to the hyperbole of internet-speak 
“ like , if what you’re saying won’t legitimately put me to sleep , i respond with , ‘ omg dying . ’” 
this ! like , i literally have lost the ability to even ! thanks for sharing 😘 slayyy 🙌 
dead 💀 . 🎯 . the hyperbole of internet-speak 
rt welcome to death by internet hyperbole 
rt omg literally dead . * dying * . ded . rip me . my column , on the hyperbole of internet-speak , may kill you ? https :/ … 
indubitably this assault on english is the death of language ; truly a horrendous affliction unique of today's youth . 
rt i'm literally dying due to idiotic hand-wringing over the way young people talk . i'm dead and i'm crying … 
rt how we express emotion today , unless we are only feigning it 
on speaking in click bait ( read : all the diff ways of saying " i can't " , " i just can't even " , " i literally cannot " ) 
english is becoming way over the top , and i'm definitely the worst for it hahaha 
rt nyt literally-literally hates online hyperbole quoting 
tfw you totally relate to this article on internet hyperbole 
rt r.i.p. to the understatement : 
" that was an understatement " - said by no one after the internet 

rt it began as a hashtag . now , is an internet-driven civil rights movement … 

rt britain to close its coal-fired power stations by 2025 


when some turn to church , others go to : 
the new york times : when some turn to church , others go to 
icymi : prof joe price helps explain fitness enthusiasts ' devotion to via 
" it’s surprisingly hard to say what makes a religion " 
in disintermediated world , where independence and choice rule , we create our own communities 
i always knew i was a heathen . cross-fit resembles an actual religion & divinity students now studying it as such 
beliefs : some turn to church ; others , to crossfit 
interesting essay from - as religion ? 
at harvard divinity they believe anything except god : nyt : when some turn to church , others go crossfit 
or you could join five17 fitness and do both ! 
" skeptics might scoff that crossfit is just a gym . but in an interview this week , mr. glassman said that for many ... 
read it 
interesting take into crossfit : “ there is something raw/vulnerable that happens 2u when u go into a crossfit gym . " 
" there is something raw and vulnerable that happens to you when you go into the crossfit gym " ---> 
" when some turn to others go to -- secular spirituality for the 21st century in action ! 
isn't one thing about most religions that they preclude you from other religions ? 
it's not faith-but i love our local when some turn to church , others go to 
“ crossfit is family , laughter , love and community ” 
a good read ! 
this is why i love crossfit . accountability , community , and depending on what gym a sprinkle of social ... 

pillow fights at west point are banned after injuries 
not a headline to instil fear in america's enemies 
calm down , juan falck ! :-) ... 
pillow fights at west point are banned ... tickle torture and wedgie wars under review 
seriously ... pillow fights at west point are banned 
pillow fights at west point are banned ... | … 
when the pre-generals are getting injured by west point pillow fights , it may be time to re-think combat strategy 
putin is laughing his ass off over this one . 
rumint : jousting , duels , feats of strength to be added : " pillow fights at banned after injuries " 
i think i discovered why army football has lost to navy football for the past 13 years ..... 
pillows don't hurt people ; people hurt people . 
our country is doomed . the next time our enemies attack us with pillows , we'll be helpless to respond . 
thank goodness we don't expect them to handle real weapons and lead the nation's wars . oh , wait ... 
contemplate : 1 ) pillow fights at west point . 2 ) banned for being too rough . still having trouble digesting both 1&2 . 
.. i will see your spork and raise you a pillow fight lol .... >>> .. 
pillow fights banned at west point because of excessive brutality . 
i wonder if this includes the army/navy game , biggest pillow fight of ' em all . 
thank you for your service 
no more rough pillow fights , west point says 
rt in print i hope the headline for this story will be " pillow fights banned at war academy " 

how traveled across the pond this year in via 
britain adopts black friday with an all-american frenzy 
britain adopts black friday with an all-american frenzy ( via new york times ) 
walmart brings black friday to the uk . ugh . counter to this article , my recollection is the name was given by the ... 
britain adopts with an all-american frenzy 
britain embraces black friday , american style 
" adopts with an all-american frenzy " by dan bilefsky via 
rt the british don’t celebrate thanksgiving , but they sure celebrate black friday … 
some retailers are trying to dial back , because for a nation that prides itself on decorum , last year was ugly ; or … 
yup , the sun has set on the empire . 
britain has adopted black friday , even though they don't celebrate thanksgiving . 
sincerest apologies to all of my friends in the uk . 
some lessons don't need to go eastward ! brits & black friday !?!? 
uk reactions to black friday ... 😂 
americans relaxed this year on black friday . but no worries , the uk decided to see what the fuss was about . 
shall confess to being slightly baffled by this . via britain adopts black friday with all-american frenzy 
“ in a country of polite queuing , some ... forgot british patience because they were so excited about special offers . ” 
of course it's a great excuse for shoppers to demonstrate their competitive streak ... against other shoppers : 
doesn't celebrate like does , but it's giving a run for its money read 
you've got to be kidding me . please don't - adopts black friday with an all-american frenzy 


riding your new hooverboard in nyc may leave you with a steep fine 
hoverboards , a coveted holiday item , run afoul of some laws 

rt is trying now to overcome the deep scars of war and rebuild 
town of kobani , scarred by isis , strives to rebuild 
usa n eu ally turkey has open borders for isis , but not for starving kurds of kobane ? 
town of kobani , scarred by strives to rebuild 
rt syrian town of kobani , which managed to expel isis with kurdish help , is trying to rebuild itself . heart-warming https://… 
. kobani , syria , now free from strives to rebuild . 
kobani man on brutal occupation : “ they didn’t leave us anything . not our sons , our money , our homes . ” 
local leaders form kobani reconstruction board solicit aid & rebuild town now free from 
many of schools are damaged , but a number of them reopened last month . 
rt town of scarred by strives to rebuild embargo of relief aid to is shameful … 
rt kobani , syria , is trying now to overcome the deep scars of war and rebuild 

in mexico , mennonite farmers struggle with water shortage 
rt stunning photos from of mennonites in mexico . 

call to arms in france amid hunt for belgian suspect in paris attacks 
rt breaking news : french officials are seeking a belgian who has fought for isis as the mastermind of the paris attacks … 

breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest 
rt breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest 
rt is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest via 
rt a whole new spin on the ' fourth trimester ' . reduces and more . 
breast-feeding is good for not just babies , studies suggest -helps metabolism & reduce cancer 
breastfeeding is good for mothers , not just babies , study suggests 
breast-feeding is good for not just studies suggest 
interesting information in a ny times blog ! 
rt from diabetes , cardiac , cancer , and metabolic differences , breastfeeding could be good for the health of the ... … 
breast feeding is apparent good for mother but bad for babies ... hmmm 
. re study showing maternal benefits of breastfeeding & , strangely , compares breasts to immature tween . 
worth sharing ! 
breastfeeding .... a win-win for both mother and baby ! 
rt is breast feeding the ' fourth trimester ' that restores mom's normal metabolism ? 

rt photos of the day 
demonstrators in minneapolis after 5 people were shot at a protest . more photos of the day 
rt under the light of the moon , refugees walked to a camp to register in macedonia … 
pics of the day : macedonia & elsewhere ( photo by georgi licovski 
demonstrators in minneapolis after 5 people were shot at a protest . photos uptown radio ... 

twitter to the rescue in - 
twitter to the rescue in brussels lockdown via 
twitter cats to the rescue in brussels lockdown - 
twitter cats to the rescue in belgium ( in case you missed it - it's funny ) . 
twitter to the rescue in 🙀😹😽😼😻 
that is feeding the right wolf 
rt this is maartje , a cat from ghent , belgium . she will not be intimidated . https://… 
rt of all the belgium lockdown twitter cats this may be my favorite . story here : … 
how can you show support in dangerous times ? the people of brussels decided to use 
a lovely story of humour during a dark time 
win : laughing in the face of terrorism , with cats . 
well done , internet . cats to the rescue in 
some belgians tweeted a variety of cat to comfort people during the via : 
check out this article . 
the terror attacks in paris resulted in brussels locking down while searching for those involved . while stuck at ... 
another example of how our 4 legged friends are welcomed distractions during these tumultuous times ! 
twitter cats bring much needed levity to lockdown . police response is ... satisfying 
rt i have new found love + appreciation for belgians as they fight terror w/ cats 
this is great . cats to the rescue . 
rt check out cats to the rescue in brussels : … 
rt twitter cats to the rescue in < this deserves a second tweet . cats rule ! 

moment of muddy grace : the enduring appeal of woodstock 
woodstock - my uncle frank was in ny in ' 69 was invited but passed , it wasn't his thing , oh the shame :( 

rt a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package … 

rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , according to his advisers 

mother who left baby at queens church is found . 
thinking of woman who gave birth alone , unassisted & in fear study mother found no charges 
mother who left baby at church is found ; no charges will be filed 
no charges for mother who left newborn at queens church , prosecutor says - new york t 
mother who left baby at quezsens church is found ; no charges will be filed 
police search for answers about newborn who was left at queens church 
rt days later , the baby boy left in a queens church has no name . the latest by and me : 
retweeted tom wellborn ( no charges for mother who left newborn at queens church , prosecutor says - new ... 
rt no charges for mother who left newborn at queens church , prosecutor says via 
no charges for mother who left newborn at queens church , prosecutor says : parish officials … 
latest news update from luisa florez . no charges for mother who left newborn at queens church , prosecutor says 
no charges for mother who left newborn at queens church , prosecutor says : parish officials said they had recei ... 


says ‘ enough is enough ’ after 
rt obama is a comedian ! while criticizing gun violence in us , keep sending weapons to the " moderate rebels " in syria https … 
who died trying to save says after 
obama says ' enough is enough ' after the shooting at planned parenthood in colorado 
rt obama : ‘ enough is enough ’ after co shooting • & my my heart goes out to ketanya craion , after this horrifying event ! https … 
rt an angry obama , a show of support for among d potus candidates and mostly silence from r candidates > … 
obama says ‘ enough ’ after gun deaths at planned parenthood in colorado 
. is more concerned with the sanctity of planned parenthood clinics than he is with human life ... 
wants to disarm employees 
is this criminal admin programming men 2 commit mass killings ? it's easier for islam 2 rule in a gun-free america !! 
says ‘ enough is enough ’ after shooting 
obama says ‘ enough is enough ’ that is realated to attitude of not let it become normal . today it is a big issue . 
forgry . opn bordrs . fst & furis . bnghzi . md-east mddling . debt ! race-baiting . etc . without the 2nd , there is no 1st ! 
even killing a police officer isn't enough for the gop to denounce a shooter . obama says ‘ enough is enough ’ 
obama on gun violence after colorado shooting : ‘ enough is enough ’ 
obama on the planned parenthood shooting 
" look , stuff happen . " -- jeb bush why the gop candidates haven't responded : they are ideologically bankrupt . 
another colorado shooting ... 3 dead including a cop ... ak 47 of course , because everyone should have one ...... 
rt pres obama is right . " thoughts & prayers " are useless unless we reduce gun accessibility & violent culture . enough . … 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

“ tax-exempt museums should focus on providing a public good and not the art of skirting around the tax code ” 
tax status of museums questioned by senators 
the senate finance committee is scrutinizing tax status of a dozen private museums opened by individual collectors : 
are some collector-born art museums mere tax dodges ? says a key senate cmte is taking a look : 
good , we should have a broad conversation about what ( c)3 status means 
and their state of 
tax status of nearly a dozen private museums questioned by senators 
vets of 
rt mikealastevens oringhatch : targets of a … 
targets of and 
tax status of museums questioned by the usual suspects 
tax status of questioned by senators 
when hatch is done investigating tax status of museums , maybe he'll look into organized religion ? yeah , right . 
entities , especially are mostly a tax dodge for the very rich . 
rt senate finance committee is questioning tax-exempt status of they gotta be kidding . reports . https … 
check out this article . 
| status of museums questioned by senators - the new york times 
hey , the same argument applies to the vast majority of tax-exempt religious institutions . 


" big pharmaceutical companies moaning about others profiteering at their expense ? that’s rich . " 
working to lower drug costs by challenging questionable patents 
rt read gretchen morgenson's story about this new and unusual attack on drug patents . i'm quoted at the end . … 
working to lower drug costs by challenging ( i.e. bringing lawsuits against ) questionable patents 
anything that discourages innovation in medicine is not in the patients best interest via 
lower by challenging questionable 
system rigged to create zombie drugs ! lower drug costs by challenging questionable patents 
high drug prices foe - hedge fund boss : pharmaceutical companies exploit patent system to keep prices high ( nyt ) 
lower drug costs by challenging patents “ profit is at the heart of nearly every patent ” 
rt lower by challenging questionable … 
working to lower drug costs by challenging questionable ( pharmaceutical ) patents 
proud of for helping bring attention to high drug prices . 
interesting approach to lower medication costs 
working to lower drug costs 2 people doing something to address greedy pharmaceutical pricing ! 
going after patent gamesmanship by drug companies . 
a big fight is brewing over drug patents 
rt turning up the heat on pharma patent tactics that keep drug prices high . 
see capitalism is its own corrective . lower drug costs by challenging patents 

elaborate holiday windows dress up new york department stores 
elaborate christmastime windows dress up new york department stores 
thanks for the holiday window feature in the print and digital editions of sunday styles w/ 
elaborate dress up 
how much is that crystal-blinged fortune teller monkey in the window ? ny's annual holiday-window arms race has begun 
s/o to etc . on the nyt feat . holiday windows are a wonder . esp . you , my dear bg !! 
nothing says christmas more than nyc window art holiday windows dress up new york department stores 
we're a bit obsessed with department store windows : elaborate holiday windows dress up n.y. department stores 
a nice photo and article including our holiday windows for saks in the today . 
rt matthewschneier : a who's-who of encounters during week-plus of holiday-window unveilings : austinmahone , jane kr … 
a who's-who of encounters during week-plus of holiday-window unveilings : jane krakowski , snoopy ... 
if you love the holiday windows in nyc , i recommend watching the documentary scatter my ashes at bergdorf's . 
fifth avenue's window is stunning ! 
elaborate holiday windows up new york department stores 
“ the xmas season is like the super bowl for us , ” said a dep't store exec . holiday windows are the half-time show . 

a new handbag line named for the first three digits of the golden ratio 
when a bag is based on math 
' the shows should have a reason , the campaigns .. everything should have a reason ' 
when is based on the new 
oh , math , you used to be so cool . i thought we had this ' thing ' . now you've sold out and gone corporate . 

first draft : ted cruz challenges president obama to debate on s 

newborn found abandoned in nativity scene 
heartbreaking 
this makes me sad . 
newborn is left in nativity scene at a queens church - new york times 
newborn is left in nativity scene at a queens church// i think it’s beautiful , ” father heanue said . 
the new york times : newborn is left in nativity scene at a queens church . 
rt newborn is left in nativity scene at a queens church 
" no better place to leave a baby " than an empty church ? how about a hospital ? 
a baby in a manger & just in time for christmas . 
such a seasonally sad story - healthy baby found in manger 
newborn baby abandoned in a manger at a church in queens , ny 
the police said they were searching for a woman who was seen on video arriving with the boy wrapped in a towel . 
healthy newborn abandoned in nativity scene at church . ( priest says no better place to leave a baby . ) 
well , now this is a story . newborn left in nativity scene in queens church ... 
better than a hospital ? 
healthy newborn found in nativity scene at a queens church 
newborn baby abandoned in new york nativity scene 
rt this is the stuff pulitzer-winning novels are made of . 

“ we’re still health care providers , and we want our patients to feel safe and welcome " 
" siege highlights security used in abortion clinics " 
brings home ( yet again ) the fact that such security measures are ( clearly ) necessary is insane . 
since ' 77 " 17 attempted murders , 42 bombings , 186 arson attacks " & 1000s of violent threats against abortion clinics 
" ... in some cases , clinic officials said , [ doctors have been provided with 24-hour armed guards . " 
co pp scene highlights security measures used in abortion clinics . thankful for clinic staff & security everywhere . 
siege highlights security used in abortion clinics 
best not explain away : 
when a health clinic becomes a fortress : exceptional security preparation saved lives in attack 
siege in colorado springs highlights security used in abortion clinics 
siege highlights used in abortion clinics 
rt america : where women's access to medical care now necessitates bulletproof vests , safe rooms , security guards … 
rt since 1977 , 8 murders , 17 attempted murders , 42 bombings & 186 arson attacks against abortion clinics . … 
makes me sick to realize how damn dangerous it is to provide legal health services to women in the us . 
increased security measures are needed for women's health clinics as threats against them continue -- 

nytimes calls out for his racist bs , angry tweets ensue ! 
rt is time for journalists to shut trump up 
mr. trump’s applause lies : 
rt dominated by . https://… 
nyt slams donald trump’s racist lies > demagogue on the loose . 
rt nyt calls trump a racist liar . 
rt at first i would think , don't feed the trolls , but when so many people are taking it as gospel you have to call bs … 
rt finally . the new york times calls trump a racist liar : 
" applause lies " ... or channeling joe mccarthy & george wallace 
rt we of the nytimes editorial board just called out his " racist lies " at length . … 
rt new york times denounces donald trump as a demagogue and a liar 
" trump's applause lies " when demagogues r believed , stuff happens . 
jeopardy answer for $500 : once a 4 bankruptcy fool , now a lying racist & demagogue . q : who is trump ? 
a great editorial article from the ny times ! read on ! 
rt trump’s applause lies nyt does what republican leaders are too afraid to do . call 

to save african penguins , humans set up a dating service 
can derek the penguin find love through a penguin dating service ? 
a cute story about one of my favorite groups of 
scientists attempting to control penguins ' surprisingly dramatic love lives sounds arduous 
humans playing god in the love lives of african penguins 
sci comm : saving african penguins — who in the wild mate for life — means human-created genetic matches . 
to save endangered african penguins , humans set up a dating service 
" derek was more interested in intereacting with her human keepers " 
the soap opera lives of african penguins at the greensboro science center : 
a penguin dating service helps to save the endangered african penguins ... 
save african penguins , humans set up a dating service penguin decline : overfishing , guano 
" to save african penguins , humans run a dating service " 
to save african humans set up a dating service 
the latest by our nonfiction alumnus via 
retweeted nat moss ( to save african humans set up a dating service 
humans set up dating service to save african penguins 
this is amazing 
it's like tinder for penguins ... 
do you enjoy permanent black-tie attire ? are you looking for life-long mate ? 
best story of the day : 
“ guinn would serve the species by moving on , of course , but he just can’t quit her . " 
to humans set up a dating service 
and effects on african penguins humans play matchmaker 
to save penguins south africa has set up a dating service for them . 

. vs . texas — the fight to expand medicaid : 
sues texas in dispute over funding for 
why is this hard to understand ? women control their body . period . 
files lawsuit against tx over the decision to eliminate the abortion business from medicaid 
a new low for texas - restricting women's right to healthcare ... go get them 
yes ! pp fights back against unreasonable laws . time for them to stop taking it and give some back . 
no texas , you do not have ownership over a woman's body . 
sues in dispute over funding for clinics 
we're fighting back for the people of texas . 
sues in dispute over for clinics 
calling state's action politically motivated , sues over funding for clinics 
the inevitable result of cutting funds for women’s reproductive health . cc 
what year is this ? 100,000 + texas women attempt self-induced abortions , state tries to cut access even further . 
the group called the action by texas , which has some of the toughest abortion restrictions in the country ,… 

the paris attackers : who were they ? a snapshot of seven men suspected in friday’s terrorist attacks in paris , inc 

mixing whimsy and prudence 
after the terror attacks in paris , 2,500 law enforcement officers kept watch over the macy’s pa .. 
" there was the officer trailing the hello kitty float , his heavy backpack loaded with radiation detecting equipment " 
mixing whimsy and attribute at the macy's day day psychological feature 

at donald trump rally , ohio students become part of a lesson 
rt so well written . so relevant . so raven . read it plz at donald trump rally , ohio students become part of a lesson https://… 
does trump really have license to play " hey jude " @ rallies ? 
rt they went to a trump rally for extra credit in history class but became part of the lesson . my view from the crowd . htt … 
cyberanonymous : nytpolitics : rt jasondhorowitz : they went to a trump rally for extra credit in history class but b … 
nytpolitics : rt jasondhorowitz : they went to a trump rally for extra credit in history class but became part of th … 
to the students who shouted " hating muslims helps isis " y'all are the reason why america is great . 
know this isn't likely to sink in , but the prob is gop rhetoric says it's ok to hate certain groups 
say something like " hating muslims helps isis " at a trump rally , and expect violence . 
these kids are awesome ! guess people aren't beating up children ( yet ) . keep it up , kids ! 
excellent piece on the rally in 
“ i didn’t think he was real , y’all . i thought he was a hologram " at trump rally , ohio students become part of lesson 
donald trump and extreme supporters make americans look disgusting . 
meant to send the text link . how to really cover a meeting : such a valuable skill . 
this vignette of hatred at a trump rally is so very , truly frightening . 
at donald rally , ohio students become part of a lesson 
in paper of record , my high school accurately depicted . 
you're better than this . at donald rally , students become part of a lesson 
if you’re a trump supporter … yeah , please just leave . 
at donald trump rally , ohio students become part of a ( sick ) lesson 
beware of the mindless hatred and capability of a crowd to inflict violence in the style of vigilantism towards ... 
trump rallies : where bigots , bullies , and internet trolls can just go be themselves ... 
a frightening article about trump's demagoguery ; note his endorsement of roughing up those who disagree with him . 

finding cheap flights and more on black friday 
be sure to include air , hotel & all travel sites in shopping ! 
rt finding cheap flights and more on black friday 
get the best deals while you can this weekend ! 
in the look for travel deals on 
~ we're waiting for you ! 
this friday is black friday ! read the article on finding travel deals on 
- what deals do you want to score ? 
finding cheap and more on 
finding cheap flights and other deals on black friday 
finding cheap flights on black friday 
just posted their tips for travel deals 
you guys : take advantage of deals , book airline at deep discounts 
cyber monday cyber monday cyber monday cyber monday morganscybercom eurailcyber 

they have terrifc programs -- and until we find a better one , let me fund those . 

rt interesting insights to the leadership style of by 
aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of dignified defiance , sounds a provocative note 

beyond the stereotypes 
i can't fiend anything here which opposed the stereotype view islam . , 1 
islam , beyond the stereotypes 
an interesting photo project on islam in bangladesh by munem wasif in god we trust 
rt beyond the stereotypes 
beyond the via by munem wasif 
in god we trust via 
cultural insight thru photos : beyond stereotypes : " 
rt jamesestrin : beyond the stereotypes : photos by munemwasif ​ 
rt jamesestrin : beyond the stereotypes : photos by munemwasif ​ … 
islam behind the stereotypes : 
“ in the end , the work is not only about islam but about the way that we create divides between people and put ... 
“ for me the work is about questioning how we look at others . at the end of the day we are all human beings . ” 

emirates secretly sends colombian mercenaries to fight : 
lol , yeah , from where this time ? 
emirates secretly sends colombian mercenaries to yemen fight ... 
rt uae deploys rent-an-army colombians to yemen . known for " false positive " executions of 3000 . … 
emirates is recruiting latin american death squad vets to fight in yemen . 
rt emirates secretly sends colombian mercenaries to fight : 
rt the new york times : secretly sends colombian mercenaries to fight in 
emirates secretly sends latin american mercenaries to yemen fight - via nyt 
this is facsinating 
rt “ mercenaries are attractive option for rich countries who wish to wage war whose citizens may not want to fight , ” https://… 
emirates secretly sends mercenaries to fight 
rt " the dogs of war " kind of tale : secretly sends mercenaries to fight in 
rt mind blowing --> secretly sends mercenaries to fight in 
“ the united arab emirates has secretly dispatched hundreds of colombian mercenaries to yemen to fight in that ... 
( us ) coalition to save face with its own people now sends mercenaries to slaughter yemenis " the ... 
rt secretly sends colombian mercenaries to fight : 
hmmmm ... paul . contractor ? 
rt nyt : secretly sends colombian mercenaries to fight in " tutto regolare " ? https://… 
rt the united arab emirates has secretly sent colombian mercenaries to fight in yemen … 
the united arab emirates is using colombian troops to fight its proxy war in yemen : 
rt four years ago , and i wrote about a mercenary army erik prince helped train . they are now in yemen war h … 


rt french return to cafes in a show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” … 

in rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame 
the best historical overview of the rise of isis i have seen , a must read for those who are probing this issue : 
daesh isis in rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame 
in rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame ( via & - 
rt in rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame … 
in rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame - the new york times 
many to blame for the rise of isis ( via 
in rise of no single missed key but many strands of blame 
rt isis was born out of america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army http … 
unintended consequences of the iraq invasion , part xviii ... 
rt isis flag found in 2008 — early signal of the group’s rise . my look at the group’s rebirth . … 
2012 intelligence report foresaw the rise of an in & – the nyt confirms 
this is a good , well thought out article ...... 
rt read this to understand rise of isis but more importantly for understanding how obama just ignored the intelligence ht … 
good summary of and its leaders from inception to present-day 
. the concept was that if you just leave alone , it would destroy itself , & so u didn’t need to do much 
great article on the rise of & the road to the 
zeer goed artikel over oorsprong daesh , rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame 
rt trying to understand the rise of isis ? great piece by 
new york times on rise of isis : no single missed key but many strands of blame 
a must read about actions , consequences and isis . hopefully we learn from our mistakes going forward . 
rt was born in america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army . https : … 
a good & insightful read ; the rise of " isis " 

rt nice to see the consensus finally emerge that woodrow wilson was an awful president -- and a worse human being . … 
what woodrow wilson cost my grandfather 
important piece for about woodrow wilson , whose statue stands in tirana's woodrow wilson square . this ... 
it isn't just that woodrow wilson was a racist . he put that racism into action . read gordon davis on this point . 
rt students often mistake us racial history for a tale of continuous progress . here's a great example for refutation : http … 
wilson " believed in white supremacy as government policy , so much so that he reversed decades of racial progress " 
" what cost my grandfather " 
rt interesting 

hope for nefertiti & tomb , and egypt & economy 
the ny times weighs in : hope for nefertiti's tomb , and egypt's economy 
hope for nefertiti’s tomb , and egypt’s economy 
unbelievable !!! can't wait !!! 
hope for nefertiti'stomb , and egypt's economy 
quote of the day 
luxor , egypt — for weeks , a group of explorers have scanned the walls of a tomb in the valley of the kings ,… 
hope for nefertiti’s tomb , and economy 

thanksgiving appetizers 


takata said to have manipulated testing data for troubled airbag inflaters 
happy holidays quinn records tm top-10 song chart for friday november 27 , 2015 is posted … 
psycho inmate , protected shareholders , write offs , for 350 welfare families for strippers & restos only , to start . 
takata said to have manipulated testing data oh takata , with these tactics you gotta get the f*ck-outta .. business . 
permanent results lost love spell caster in the world +27783223616 fast action return love spells – revenge spells … 
honda has dropped takata because of manipulated testing data for troubled airbags , misrepresentation !! 
another day , another in the auto industry - via 
as early as 2000 , takata is said to have manipulated test results on airbag inflaters . 
as early as 2000 , the japanese auto supplier takata manipulated test results on airbag inflaters , according to a ... 
rt as early as 2000 , takata is said to have manipulated test results on airbag inflaters . 

what david carr taught us 
. alum adds her voice to " what david carr taught us " tribute . 
as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire journalists 
david carr memories former editor anne schindler part of the cult of carr 
‘ you have to break some eggs to make an omelet , ’ 
nytimes : as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire jou … 
as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire journa … 
rt as we search for our first david carr fellow , we've been reminded how much david continues to inspire journalis … 


a dream of secular utopia in isis ’ backyard 
interesting read : dream of secular utopia in backyard 
this piece of reporting about the syria's radical secular feminist community blew me away . also , bookchin : 
no ally ' perfect ' but after israel , kurds closest to us ally in mideast | dream of secular utopia in isis ’ backyard 
rt fascinating story of new community emerging on edge of war-torn syria and turkey inspired by an american libertarian … 
fascinating profile of pkk kurds ' " rojava " in syria ; improbable affirmation of power of ideas ( backed by autocrat ) 
" since august 2014 , turkey has bombed kurdish fighters in iraq and syria 300 times , and isis targets only three . " 
a dream of secular utopia in backyard 
in isis's backyard is a place that believes in and practices gender equality : 
read any murray bookchin ? interesting mention of him in this piece about rojava , a kurdish utopia . 
meet the feminist anarchists who have set up their own society in syria : 
this is an absolutely fascinating experiment ! 
a no t-t o-be-missed piece out of syria by wes enzinna w photos by lyndsey addario in : 
bigmeaninternet : pritchard33 utopia lives ! 
syria's feminist utopia in isis backyard . 
" all recruits receive their weapons only after ' two weeks of feminist instruction '" ... good read on autonomous kurds 
very interesting article on the kurds fighting daesh 
" .. a whole lost segment of syria's youth has been forced to become either refugees or warriors " 
fascinating story : dream of a secular utopia in isis ’ backyard 
fighters beat isis trash . 10 points for highlighting a utopian syrian democracy 
take the 1960s , double the social change >> freedom , mix in utopian government ; place in kurdish syria fight'n isis . 
a dream of secularutopia in isis ' backyard : 
rooting for rojava 
rt ‘‘ a unique experiment that deserves to succeed . ’’ 
also the nyt longread on rojava is pretty good 
a deep dive into the hopeful experiment in gender equality and ecological justice taking place in rojava 
‘‘ the autonomous region of rojava is one of few bright spots to emerge from the tragedy of the syrian revolution ’’ 
long article in nytimes on rojava . 
dream of secular utopia in isis ’ backyard via part-funded by pulitzer center on crisis reporting 
" laws have removed any trace of kurdish identity from history books , banned speaking kurdish .. " 
totally fascinating : kurdish revolutionaries fighting to establish a utopian feminist collective in syria 
this is incredible 

the truth about holidays with college age kids . 
kids ' visits from college aren't the last vestige of childhood , but first moments of adulthood . 
rt kids ' visits from college aren't the last vestige of childhood , but first moments of adulthood . 
when college students and other grown children come home : fantasy , reality , and getting it right via 
with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right 
college kids coming home for first time ? make the visit work : 
" the counter : filthy . the laundry : in the entry . the glasses ? all gone . your kid is home from college : " 
when your kids ' first college visit isn't exactly how you thought it would be : 
thanksgiving with college students -- fantasy , reality , & getting it right 
" living with them was chaos , but hadn’t it always been ? " thanksgiving break with our college kids : 
they want to see friends . you want to see them . they're becoming adults . you miss your kid . college visits : 
" college students coming home for the first time ? it may not be what you expect , but it can still be great ; " 
is it “ my house , my rules ” or our house , our relationship ? kids home from college : 
the collision course of parent expectations and college student reality is one that plays out over each holiday ... 
happy 
rt for college kids , coming home at thanksgiving is a choice . how to make it one they're glad they made : … 


homes with pilgrims and turkeys before elves and reindeer 
no skimping on thanksgiving decorations at this house andylocal @ old … 
play 
be careful out there , tree trimmers . 
is your home trimmed in thanksgiving decor or already decked out for upcoming holidays ? 
rt homes with pilgrims and turkeys before elves and reindeer 
decorating homes with pilgrims and turkeys before elves and … 
rt inflatable-turkey gif debuts in 

searching for answers and comfort after killings at planned parenthood 
after colorado shooting , renewed questions on gun violence 
rt the governor of colorado today called the planned parenthood shooting a “ form of terrorism . ” 
rt bravo gov of colorado for naming terrorism ... after colorado shooting , renewed questions on gun violence … 
at 11:15 our panel discusses the tragedy at the colorado planned parenthood & other national news .... 
rt after renewed questions on gun violence … 
at last , somebody in power calls it terrorism ! we're dealing with it on a daily basis . 
. what bs . this is about abortion and this fool thought it would be ok to go shoot up a clinic . 
this was called a " form of terrorism ? " no , sorry , this was full-fledged terrorism . once … 
searching for answers and comfort after killings at planned … 
// hickenlooper is becoming one of a very few politicians i don't actually hate . 
rt gov . hickenlooper says clinic shootings a form of terrorism 
“ gov . john hickenlooper of colorado … called the shooting a ‘ form of terrorism ’” 
rt after colorado shooting , renewed questions on 
searching for answers after killings at planned parenthood - answer : don't kill babies and you won't get killed . 

rt fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : … 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and trey gowdy 
rt fmr benghazi investigator suing for firing him and making false statements about it : v … 
" ok , then " , as they say . 
rt podliska , fired from benghazi cmte for not attacking is suing to be reinstated : … 
fmr benghazi investigator suing for firing him and making false statements about it : via 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader 
rt fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader 
" fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader " by michael s . schmidt via 
podliska , fired from benghazi cmte for not attacking is suing to be reinstated : via 
fired living thing sues construction benghazi organisation and its living thing 
fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : via 

becoming modern 
" modern department might turn into the of 5th ave " on the met’s mission at the breuer building 
wagstaff/met breuer - wow , the sexism in this article ! her looks , husband , how she’s seen as ‘ brusque ’ & ‘ imperious ’ 
“ [ america ] hasn’t colonized two-thirds of the globe , like the british did . ” the whole globe , rather ? 
fabulous article on the metropolitan museum of art's new modern and contemporary wing which will open in the ... 
“ you tell your american curators to stop being such whiners ... this is a very competitive institution ... ” 
deborah solomon goes for blood , and still ends up in a bland land 
nytimes : black artists finally in museums : but met head says " you succeed by being good " 
missed this over the hols : " you succeed by being good . " ms solomon hasn't the measure of this team . 
met’s mission at the breuer building : " to be cognizant of other cultures and sensitive to the differences among us . " 
the met is seeking to define what it will become as a modern art presence in coming years with the breuer building . 
icymi : wrote about what's going on over here in the modern and contemporary art dept 
transforming the former whitney museum into the " met breuer . " do we need another contemporary art museum ? maybe . 
sharp piece on the met's british curator of contemporary art , conflicts of interest , blind spots and all 
. casts a critical gaze on the reconfigured modern art program at the 
rt if i wasn't worried before i would be now . 
breuer beware ! tate curator turns whitney to campbell's soup ! 
perfect ! moving their lousy contemporary art , out of their lovely building & into a fittingly ugly one . 
do i smell some condescension in ' s portrait of sheena wagstaff from contemp dpt ? 
" you tell your american curators to stop being such whiners , ” he snapped . 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 

a chill grips a michigan if they want to feel safe then they should openly stand with us and reject muslim terror 
my austrian grandma was 5 when she arrived in 1914 . a suspect german speaking family . i see her in these stories . 
chill grips a michigan haven for syrian families 
a chill grips a haven for families . 
rt i grew up , peacefully , in suburban detroit amid refugees from iraq/iran . why are arab refugees suddenly a threat ? https://… 
rt syrian refugees building new lives in michigan : " i feel safe .. now we have a beautiful life . " 
" we didn’t cross illegally , ” he said . he threw his hands in the air . “ we went through hell to get here . ” 
cultural diversity wrt trash bins 
rt this family fled syria in 2011 . now , they are making a life in michigan . 
refugees cling to a longtime haven in michigan 
rt michigan is home to nearly 200 syrian refugees . this family arrived last week . … 
. tells the story of one syrian refugee family . who would fear these people ? 
syrian refugees are not terrorists . shutting them out is just mean-spirited bigotry . 
syrians arrived 2 and enjoying with snow as winter is approaching in this part of the world 
no matter yr take on the issue , you should know what it's like to actually be a syrian refugee in the us : 
rt tannercurtis : michigan is home to nearly 200 syrian refugees . this family arrived last week . … 
share this story by on syrian refugees in us with people on both sides of the issue : 
good read why should remain open for business/welcome those fleeing violence like that of 
in michigan , syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven 
ouch nyt : in detroit suburbs refugees trade mideast war 4 cold winters , strip malls&houses as uniform asmonopoly pces 

forget turducken . it's piecaken time . 
thanks kristin cox , this sounds awesome ; hope the job search goes well . 
" forget turducken . it’s piecaken time . " 
i want me some of that piecaken ! 
does it count as frosted if a pie is jammed inside a cake ? 
when the best of both worlds collide . meet piecaken , the dessert of your dreams : 
there is no possible reason for the ' n ' in piecaken . 
martha fraser !! 
rt piecaken ! 
rt wishing everyone a very hope it's filled with - / https :/ … 
for next year's hatgiving . 
" american tradition of stuffing food into other types of food " ( the emoji of ' food ' . ) 
oh my ! too much for me . forget turducken . it’s time . via 
will like this . 
rt under ' horribly calorific things that you never have to try ' , we have piecaken . 
piecaken was invented 4 mo ago ? the credit should go to the great and his 
i'm totally making this happen turducken . it’s piecaken time . 
forget it’s time . via 
rt i'm worried for people still searching the nyt site for how to cook a turkey and make gravy . it's piecaken time : … 
hmmm . might need to try 
forget it’s piecaken time - 3 pies in a cake , the ultimate 

joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
seems like she's just receiving insanely bad advice on how to use twitter 
dear twitter : reveals need to celebrate of cc 
i want to read a profile of randy souther 
and sometimes it's better when an author stays off twitter . see this ? 
joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ' joyous ' in isis ? - 
hah ! daesh might want to consider recruiting joyce carol oates . oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
the author was criticized after she posed a question on twitter about the islamic state . 
joyce carol oates faces backlash on twitter following tweet : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
joyce carol oates . .. gore vidal : " the three most dispiriting words in the english language are joyce carol oates . 
joyce carol oates & isis if some thoughts are taboo , then we can only explore the local minima and maxima of ideas . 
joyce carol oates on is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
" randy souther , who has written about ms. oates for 20 years and started a scholarly journal focused on her work " 
" there is no joy in isis , " the mighty hath spoke out 
you deserve this 4 signing the anti-hebdo letter this year . you simply don't express yourself well . 
ny times reporting on jco isis tweets , money quote from douthat . self-parody , or are we just a monstrous society ? 
questions are critical . unfettered inquiry is the only force that can oppose poisonous ideology : 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks 

president obama addressed opening of today , acknowledging us responsibility & need for urgent 
does what he does best . flies overseas . blames the us for world's ills . 
at conference , says u.s. is partly to blame for 
but of course 
ocean sciences article of the day - obama says u.s. is partly to blame for climate change ( new york times ) 
obama recognizes us role in warming climate , but quotes mlk to warn against delay : too late " is almost upon us . " 
speech on the weather was " interrupted by repeated beeps warning that he had exceeded his time limit " 
top story : info & news obama and xi meet in first moments of climate change con … see more 
“ what greater rejection of those who would tear down our world than marshaling our best efforts to save it ” . 
obama at says u.s. is partly to blame for change 
" in a speech interrupted by repeated beeps warning that he had exceeded his time limit ... " obama urgent climate call 
top story : obama and xi meet in first moments of climate change conference see more 
obama , at conference , says us is partly to blame for climate change - new york times 
why is not trending ? 
obama arrives in le bourget for climate talks : among the first leaders to arrive was secretary general ban ki- ... 
this is the irrational " rationale " that has goten us into this mess " the greatest threat to reaching a binding clima … 
remove corruption from the governing systems and culture if you want to ensure your growth is not " hindered " . clima … 
rt in his speech at president obama presented a long view of climate action … 
obama and xi meet in first moments of climate change conference via 
cop21 - obama says u.s. recognizes role in driving climate change & that we must embrace responsiblity to act 
rt obama , at paris conference , says u.s. is partly to blame for change via https :/ … 
president obama said the paris climate conference represents an important turning point 
“ the united states of america not only recognizes our role in creating this problem , we embrace our responsibility to do something about it , ” the president said on monday . 

rt another beautiful tribute to my old neighborhood : the ties that bind at a paris cafe also burn by 
after paris attacks , ties that bind patrons at a cafe also burn . 
rt the survivors of la belle équipe , a potent emblem of multicultural paris hit in the attacks , rebuild shattered lives-https … 
after ties that bind patrons at a also burn 
after paris : " we can still smile with scars on our face " 
after ties that bind patrons at a cafe also burn 
ny times story on diverse group who ran , enjoyed , and died in la belle equipe in paris attacks . 
rt for la belle équipe's owner , whose wife died in the paris attacks , bistro life must go on . https : … 
" despite its oversize place in the global imagination , paris is not a very big city ... " 
we must go to concerts . we must sit on terraces . we can still smile with scars on our face ~ gregory reibenberg 
what is it like to go to the funerals of 13 friends in a week ? zo beveelt dit stuk aan : 
europe ( uk ) top story : after paris attacks , ties that bind patrons at a cafe al … see more 
rt " what dignity ? what heroism ? they shoot a girl in the back . ” shattering story on la belle equipe … 
" we can still smile with scars on our face " never heard anything so beautiful , courageous & inspiring 
this is a very touching article . i'm hoping some of you will take the time to read it . 
rt terrorists not only attacked parisians , they also targeted one of their most precious institutions : the bistro . … 
heartbreaking piece by about the victims at la belle équipe . 
leftists celebrate multiculturalism , while diversity ( aka : race mixing ) is destroyed , & yet promoted in france . 
" we can still smile with scars on our face . we will lick our wounds and then will all live with our scars " 
wrenching read about the dead at the belle equipe bistro , and the people they left behind : 
give thanks ! beautiful article on unity and love in the face of terror . 
in a city where corner bistros are havens for neighbors and friends , the terrorist attacks in paris hurt families ... 
after attacks , ties that bind patrons at a cafe also burn - new york times : 
latest buzz and reviews for paris cafe : - rt beautiful young people of midd ... 


rt this new nyc building " makes the case for why architecture matters " 


thanksgiving tv : plan your other binge 
the new york times (!) says you should be binge-watching gortimer this thanksgiving . i agree . 
after " jessica jones " and " man in the high castle , " more binge tv : 
our nyt tv staff picks for long-weekend binges , including tv's most thanksgiving-appropriate title : the leftovers . 
great british baking show on netflix looks fun . sports trivia plan your tv binge 
the television critics and editors of the new york times offer suggestions for what to stream wit ... via 


biggest source of cash appears to be the people it rules 
predatory islamic state wrings money from those it rules 
rt no mystique to isis financing by taliban , groups in burma , farc , shabab same https … 
nyt on isis funding : experts now believe biggest source of revenue is taxation and extortion , not oil , ransom or ... 
predatory wrings money from those it rules 
it seems isis charges only 10% tax 
brookingsinst : rt vfelbabbrown : no mystique to isis financing by mrosenbergnyt taliban , g … 
how islamic militants fund their terror campaign -- by everyday extortion . 
rt biggest source of cash appears to be the people it rules 
rt caliphate inc . : how isis wrings every last dollar , dinar and pound from those it rules 
in which bankrupting isis involves more than blowing up its oil tankers : 
isis wrings money from those it rules / nytimes 
or " its biggest source of cash seems to be the people it rules and the businesses it controls " 
rt caliphate inc : “ they fight in the morning and they tax in the afternoon " w/ & … 
rt despite drama , isis financing by same as of other groups see my … 
so cute when discovers gov't runs on involuntary taxation . predatory is wrings money from those it rules 
if is cut off from world finance how can currency in its hands increase ? times thinks economies work by magic 
rt the islamic state's prodigious revenue schemes make cutting off its finances hard without retaking its territory . https … 
rt isis earns ~ $1bil a year in fees collected from iraqis & syrians outpaces sums made via oil produc … 
rt even without oil revenue has enough to cover expenses by demanding money from those it rules 
rt roving bandit trying to become stationary bandit 
the names and places may change , but the hustle remains the same . mt . islamic state wrings money from those it rules 
rt mrosenbergnyt : caliphate inc : “ they fight in the morning and they tax in the afternoon " w/ nkulish & stev … 
rt mrosenbergnyt : caliphate inc : “ they fight in the morning and they tax in … 
rt mrosenbergnyt : caliphate inc : “ they fight in the morning and they tax in the … 
rt stevenleemyers : the islamic state's prodigious revenue schemes make cutting o … 


to cam newton , the only numbers that matter are 10 and 0 - - 
bill rhoden is a cranky old man who thinks you kids need to take your calculators and get out of the press box : 
ease up on the analytics when assessing newton , writes the goat mc 
" look beyond the numbers and find a leader emerging " 
getslimmerquickly / sports of the times : look beyond the numbers and find a leader emer ... 

what is general 
mind-blowing graphics to explain einstein & , ohh , the universe , too : 
100 years the general relativity theory ? 
never studied but always wanted to . here's step zero in getting an overview . more to learn soon 
a brief and easy guide to general relativity , by the new york times . 
time flies : the general theory of relativity was presented by einstein 100 years ago . 
imagine waking up in a box , completely weightless . are you falling toward earth or floating in outer space ? 
einstein's theory - made simple(ish ) 
a break from let's talk what is ? - the new york times 
100 years ago this month . 
100 years since einstein’s general relativity - 
it's been 100 years 
rt in 1907 , einstein had his “ happiest thought ” — people in free fall don't feel their own weight https … 
in 1907 , albert einstein had his “ happiest thought ” — people in free fall do not feel their own weight . 
what is general - the new york times 
rt thank you once again , and explained joyfully for my needy brain . … 
what is general so few people even understand what this is ! genius 
what ! no for the 100th anniversary of einstein's theory of general relativity ? even the has 

# 
u.s. gasoline prices remain low . below $2 per gallon in some spots . 
despite events , remain 
despite prices remain low 
despite global events , us gasoline prices remain low - new york times 
yet airline " fuel surcharges " remain unchanged ... 


. bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo — 
icymi : nov 18 : bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo cc 


boko haram is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 - new york times 

what has been in the 
what china has been building in the south china sea 
i hope one , or more , of the islands have an exclusive resort . i bet the night sky is awesome there ! 

although contrary to my own interests , i do understand his point 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections 


bars anastasia lin , miss world canada ( and rights advocate ) 
bars anastasia lin , miss world ( and rights advocate ) 
rt where's the outrage ? bars advocate miss world canada from contest 
bravo for speaking out for human rights . 
bars anastasia lin , miss world canada , courageous advocate , entrance in country . 
human rights advocacy costs a canadian a shot at miss world 
it makes sense being that this years pageant will be held on hainen ... but the chinese have blocked many from ... 
china bars miss world canada from entering country 
rt bravo , canadians making their mark human rights advocacy costs canadian a shot at miss world … 
" one of the first songs we learn in kindergarten is ‘ the communist party is closer to me than my mother . ’” 
china bars miss world canada ( and rights advocate ) 
china and it's bans 
" beijing had become increasingly successful in bending others to its will . " m . pei 
this canadian beauty queen has become china's worst nightmare 
sounds like what india does lately ? china bars anastasia lin , miss world canada 
so much for china being a superpower : china bars anastasia lin , miss world canada ( and human rights advocate ) 
why do that china ? 
rt miss world contestant from canada denied visa to finals in china after advocating human rights , religious freedom https … 
rt the question * every * ham-handed move of this sort raises . 
rt miss canada says it's a badge of honor to be blacklisted by good piece by 
bars anastasia lin , miss world canada ( and advocate ) 
rt canadian pageant contestant scares the living shit out of china . 
so the chinese communist regime can ban a beauty queen because their beliefs ? because she speaks about human ... 
rt loving the quotes by anastasia lin . “ when i was told i’m persona non grata , i had to look it up on wikipedia . ” … 
china bars a beauty queen from pageant , via 
justin's heroes in china bar anastasia lin , miss world canada ( and rights advocate ) 
rt inspired by ’ s brave advocacy for practitioners , & read : http … 
china bars anastasia lin , miss world canada . the u.s. & other free lands should pull their contestants out as well . 
human rights advocate is fighting a worthy battle with china . 

marine le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 

" could your healthy diet make me fat ? " | 
personalized dieting ? is everything we thought we knew wrong ? see my op-ed in sunday’s nyt . 
interesting nyt article about personalized nutrition 
an individualized approach to nutrition we need as well as an individualized medicine 
personalized nutrition could be the answer to the us obesity epidemic 
is personalized nutrition the next personalized medicine ? 
weight loss for me , weight loss for you -- personalized health can happen today and have a big impact . 
wouldn't that be something : supplants one-size-fits-all national guidelines 
could your make me thoughts ? via 
interesting research ! one size does not fit all with plans 
opinion : could your diet make me fat ? 
it's not just calories in , calories out . 
poor headline ; good article on basics of healthy eating by david ludwig in ny times 
unsurprising that healthy diets are as personal as most health issues . 
sure , tweak . but let's not confuse/divert from vital mssg that whole-food plant-based good for most people/things . 
could one person's healthy diet be another's unhealthy diet ? 
personalized diets 
" people respond differently to specific foods based on their genes , past health or other factors . " 
personalized nutrition is better than blanket modeling ... do what is best for your own body ! - cc 
could your healthy make me fat ? | nyt 
i rarely say this as most are horribly flawed , but an interesting nutrition study came out of israel this past ... 
when it comes to food , the simple rules are still the best . 

attack on u.n. base in northern mali causes casualties - 
attack on u.n. base in northern causes casualties 
under attack by => suspected kill 3 rocket attack on u.n. base 
suspected jihadists kill three at u.n. base in north 
three killed in attack on u.n. base in north mali 
gunmen attacked and fired rockets at a u.n. peacekeeping base in kidal in northern mali on ... 

fifa , recovering 48 luxury watches , seeks to cast off links to giveaway 
is it too late to make bribes to so i can be under house arrest in a fancy apartment , too ? 
when soccer , luxury swiss watches and cheese get mixed into the fifa scandal : 
nytimesworld : when soccer , luxury swiss watches and cheese get mixed into the fifa scandal : … 
" . . . is under house arrest in a trump tower apartment in manhattan . " 
ethics investigators have spent more than a year hunting down 48 watches worth $26k each . 
the sands of time . i wonder what gifts slave state qatar offered . fifa recovering 48 luxury watches . 
getslimmerquickly / fifa , recovering 48 luxury watches , seeks to cast off links to give ... 
fifa recovers only 48 of 65 $26k gift watches , closes matter . the luxury watchmaker sees web traffic triple . 
the luxury watch scandal : fifa in a nutshell 
welcoming presents to saopaulo- 48 luxury watches , seeks to cast off links to giveaway 
fifa , recovering 48 luxury watches , seeks to cast off links to ... - new york times 

rt how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia 

pope francis in nairobi drove in from the airport in a little gray honda 
pope francis arrives in a kenya fed up with graft : 
in kenya , corruption's the issue . that's why so many people appreciated pope's little ride . 
arrives in a fed up with 
<3 vatican radio - english section for remembering ! 
rt pope drives into nairobi in a little gray honda , showing up political bigwigs . gotta love this guy . 


7 bryant park embraces its place in the city 

rt after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via 


gawker to retool as politics site 
rt gawker is said to retool as politics site via 
icymi to retool as site ...... becase we need another one of those ? 

rt no nyer should be frightened of being attacked for their religion . let's show the world that we're better than that . htt … 
‘ i’m frightened ’ : after attacks in new york cope with a backlash 
‘ i’m frightened ’ : after attacks in paris , new york muslims cope with a backlash 
thanks 2 for highlighting experiences of & post paris 
rt “ it’s gotten to a point now that the tone and tenor is worse than post-9/11 . ” 
retweeted ahmadiyya times ( ‘ i’m frightened ’ : after terrorist attacks , new york city muslims ... 
‘ i’m frightened ’ : after terrorist attacks , new york city muslims cope with a backlash 
rt ‘ i’m frightened ’ : after city muslims cope with a backlash 
rt muslims in nyc and around the u.s. under attack , say islamophobia at levels not seen since 9/11 
rt muslims in nyc have been spat on , assaulted . told " go home " after paris attacks . via … 
rt mainstreaming islamophobia : leads to attacks , insults . us muslims left vulnerable and “ alienated ” https :/ … 
rt ‘ i’m frightened ’ : after paris attack , new york muslims cope with backlash " stay away from the subway … 
after play over a bit of saliva — are you alive ? then 
‘ i’m frightened ’ : after paris attacks , new york city muslims cope with a backlash via 
rt in the past week and half american muslims in nyc have reported more incidents of harassment and physical assaults : ht … 
rt predictable , kneejerk journalism ~ ‘ i’m frightened ’ : after paris attacks , new york city muslims cope with a backlash … 
rt : ‘ i’m frightened ’ : after paris attack , new york muslims cope with backlash … 
rt ‘ i’m frightened ’ : after paris attacks , new york city muslims cope with a backlash 
rt “ it feels like everybody’s staring like you’re on stage and you’re scared to do anything wrong . ” 
may you encounter something different when you meet a follower of jesus . // ' i’m frightened ’ : after attacks ... 
rt sickening . 47 democrats who voted for gop's anti-refugee bill helped spur islamophobia … 
seriously america ? “ ‘ i’m frightened ’ : after paris attacks , new york city muslims cope with a backlash ” 
post ny muslims cope with backlash 
these people encourage muslims to believe there is a clash between islam and the west --- just as isis & al qaeda do . 
' i'm frightened ' : after terrorist attacks , new york city muslims cope with a ... - new york times 
new york times ' i'm frightened ' : after attacks in paris , new york muslims cope with a bac … 

who are the turkmens of 
the turkmens of syria are not isis and the turkish government has the right to protect them from putin's air attacks 
meet the 
rt question of the day : who are the of 
q . and a . : who are the of 

predatory islamic state wrings money from those it rules - 
it's called work for a reason - - via via rt 
i.m.f. makes china’s renminbi one of world’s select currencies - 
a wealthy governor and his friends are remaking illinois - 
china’s renminbi is approved by i.m.f. as a main world currency - 
affordable housing vs . gentrification - 
the self-destruction of the 1 percent - 
painting with sound - slide show - 
rt western intelligence agencies fear libya may be a fallback option for isis . … 
packing guns in the day care center - 
notes on the china i’m leaving behind - 
is approved as a main world currency - 
( uber fascinating ) agriculture linked to dna changes in ancient europe - 
. … /rise-in-new-york-construction-deat … worker safety should be paramount on all construction projects . 
paging dr. pigeon ; you’re needed in radiology - 
in ‘ oh , hello , ’ nick kroll and john mulaney have a stage senior moment - 
the 2016 pirelli calendar may signal a cultural shift - 
rt a virtual reality revolution , coming to a headset near you - 
rt choose to be grateful . it will make you happier . - 
this is really big news about chinese currency being recognized by the imf from 
chinese report on climate change depicts somber scenarios - 
literally . > omg ! the hyperbole of internet-speak - 
white house releases details of bill gates’s climate research plan - 
an island paradise for rugby , honking and skyline views included - nice one , 
sure . planned parenthood videos were altered , analysis finds - 
laquan mcdonald and the ‘ system ’ - 
gentrification in a brooklyn neighborhood forces residents to move on - 
over-the-counter medicines ’ benefits and dangers - 
love it : is part of the oscar conversation - 
giving billions to the rich - 
with wrecks easier to reach , a duel is on nyt > home page 
contaminating our bodies with everyday products - 
two-thirds of americans want u.s. to join climate change pact - 
why i miss george w . bush - 
terrorism response puts belgium in a harsh light - 
the latest : prosecutors to charge men in protest shooting - 
needed at paris talks : handwarmers , a sleeping bag and stamina - 
100 notable books of 2015 - 
who turned my blue state red ? - via 
race , college and safe space - 
the surprising failure of calorie counts on menus - 
the inheritance of disaffection - 
beep , beep : time’s up , mr. president - 
rt the isis affiliate in libya is the one " we're most worried about , " a u.s. analyst says . … 
algebra scores prompt second look at revamped regents exams - 
" it is , to a certain extent , a historical record " so excited 2 see such a revolutionary reimagining of female beauty 
a car dealers won’t sell : it’s electric - 
rt want to slow change - fly less , walk more , insulate your house - 
does polling undermine democracy ? - room for debate - 
women behind bars - 
black tape at harvard law - 
lawyers for family release outside reports criticizing shooting - 
🔴⚔the isis affiliate in libya is the one " we're most worried about , " a u.s. analyst says . 
with shipwreck treasure easier to reach , a duel is on ( 
not a big ad fan , but front pager on nyt for " book of mormon " is amazing ... ... 
stressed , tired , rushed : a portrait of the modern family - 
rt china to release journalist gao yu from prison over illness - 
an airport survival guide for thanksgiving travel 
f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs - 
murdoch’s british tabloids clean up their acts - 
behind puerto rico’s woes , a broadly powerful development bank - 
hope for nefertiti’s tomb , and egypt’s economy - 

$1 out of every $7 spent on holiday will be spent online via 
let's hope we see a continuation of the declining trend of over-consumption and ' binge shopping ' . 
falters as consumer behaviors change 
black friday falters as consumer behaviors change - 
❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️ we are transitioning away from this crap ; want to buy me something ? donate to a charity in my name . 
is black friday over ? 
for consumers , black friday is not what it used to be 
i would sooner not buy online and risk my credit card details being hacked or lost- speak to a trusted expert 1st 
falters as consumer behaviors change via 
good news is that people seem to have started figuring this out 
ny times business newtop story : black friday falters as consumer behaviors chan … see more 
black friday is loosing it's edge ? 
a little history of 
usa over ? find out after shops close today ... 
usa : is over ? we'll find out after shops close today ... 
many decide not to shop the day after thanksgiving 
happy how much longer do you think it'll really be around ? 
black friday falters as consumer behaviours change > 
good one . 
study the goals of and - and are by 
happy holidays quinn records tm top-10 song chart for friday november 27 , 2015 is posted … 




lee miller’s journey from model to 
. lee miller's stark photographs of women during ww ii took vogue into uncharted territory . 
rt paris , 1944 : unseen lee miller photos at imperial war museum 
lee miller’s journey from model to wwii photographer : 
fascinating read : lee miller went from being a condé nast cover girl to a wwii photog . 
miller’s journey from model to war photographer : 
lee miller's stark photographs of women during ww ii took into uncharted territory . 
she was a cover girl , a modeling sensation and man ray's muse . but her place in history was secured by her work ... 
lee miller's journey from model to war photographer 
miller’s place in history-secured by her documentation of life-during world war ii . from model to war photographer 
my final project in women in lit was on miller ( as well as several other wwii women ) . such an interesting person . 
’ s journey from to photographer 
rt lee miller , documented d-day aftermath , allied advance and eventual liberation of the dachau & buchenwald … 

editorial board calls on cuban government to do more to bring the internet to its people 
time to bring cuba online 
time to bring online 
a editorial : " time to bring online " 
. ed board calls for bringing cuba online . 
officials aware that for the to advance , the economy must be via 
the editorial board wants internet in and it's written in english + spanish ( 
nytimes editorial : let's bring cuba online 
would benefit greatly from increased internet access 
a cuban diplomat told me in new york city a few months ago , " we don't like to be pushed . " hence , the foot dragging o … 
cuba already has loads of tourists . internet access is the real change that will make the country unrecognizable : 
bringing cuba online . google is already trying to invest . im sure fb is right around the corner . 
time for cuba to go online 
oh , the irony : i'm reading this at hotel nacional : time2 bringcuba online 
sez : time to get cuba online -- in the first spanish editorial i have read there ! 
. attempts to explain to dictators why in their interest to have expanded internet . 
more on and the internet 
the only thing keeping the country in the digital dark ages is the government’s fear of a more open society . 

strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results 
“ all these strikes are targeting abandoned empty locations . ” 
if france thought isis killed 130 ppl , why retaliate by bombing empty locations ? 
rt 1 . so if us can give france 10s of short-notice isis targets w/o killing civilians , why weren't they hit before ? … 
rt results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” - 30 hit mainly outskirts … 
rt 2 . and if not , then are they hitting civilians/accepting more risk of that ? or empty land/bldgs , bombing for show ? https :/ … 
this article on french aviation strikes re raqqa by is on the money 

rt ireland holds its first same-sex marriage ceremony 


3 are dead in colorado springs shootout at planned parenthood center 
rt map of shooting near planned parenthood in colorado springs 
rt ashamed to live in a country where women getting health care have to fear getting shot . 
rt . ' s campaign for asault rifles : police and gunman in shootout near planned parenthood in colorado springs … 
rt at center ends in arrest … 
rt i fight for life . so i champion planned parenthood & fight praying for police and pp pros and patients htt … 
rt our hearts are with the families , friends , and loved ones of the victims in colorado springs . 
rt " the clinic had a “ security room ” with a supply of bulletproof vests " think about that , in a medical facility . … 
rt shootout is the fruit of politicians who sell hate for votes . some act . what we say matters . https://… 
if gun rights folks believed in the entire constitution , they'd provide armed protection at : 
used " terrorist " 17 times for paris used " terrorist " one time for attack : 
rt praying for the seen and unseen victims of the shooting in colorado springs , please father comfort them all . » … 
rt " the perpetrator is in custody . " 5 words that reveal the shooter's skin color . 
rt 3 shot dead at us planned parenthood center strangely little speculation about christain fundamentali … 
rt planned parenthood concerned that poisonous extremists are fomenting us domestic terrorism . … 
3 killed in colorado springs shootout at planned parenthood center 
christian/religious extremist , home-grown domestic terrorist , mentally ill gun owner leaves a police officer and ... 
rt 3 dead in " shootout " ( not terrorist attack ) at planned parenthood- the hypocrisy when a white man is the perpetrator htt … 
rt terrorist ... the use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims ! oh so it isn't just muslims . … 
rt ever notice how pro-gun , pro-capital punishment & anti-abortion beliefs seem to come as a package ? … 
this is sickening ; not your body , not your decision , get over it ! 
police arrest gunman after shootout at planned parenthood in colorado springs 
could have done better job of clarifying that investigations of have found no wrongdoing 
several people were reported wounded , including four officers , and occupants of nearby building .. 
conservative candidate's supporters only wish they had the balls : 
rt despite being at heightened state of alert , caught off guard in hours aft rampage … 
white anti-abortionist terrorist goes on shooting spree at a planned parenthood clinic in colorado , killing three ... 
why didn't the police shoot the gunman ? did they not feel threatened ? 
deeply saddened by this news : " 3 are dead in colorado springs shootout at centre " 
rt are not above the law . in shootout near in https://… 
an act of terrorism in co is mislabeled as a " shootout " by media and government officials 
rt if you know anything about colorado springs you know what this is probably about . 
he's a terrorist yet do fail 2 call him that coz he's not ? 3 are dead in shootout : 
rt 3 dead , including colorado springs shootout at center https :/ … 
rt didn't you mean to say " police and terrorist , " " police and gunman in shootout at planned parenthood " https :/ … 
rt our own terrorism , & they're worried re : refugees ? -> 8 people shot at planned parenthood in colorado springs … 
rt . republicanism is the radical fascistic ideology that incites lunatics like this … 
white christian terrorism 

beacon for health law , now a lab for its retreat 
kentucky , beacon for health law , now a lab for its retreat 
kentucky , beacon for law , now a lab for its retreat 
despite inital enthusiasm and success , to roll back expansion 
rt beacon for health law , now a lab for its retreat 
gov-elect should think twice before rolling back progress on and via 
a lot is at stake in gov-elect should think twice before rolling back progress on and 
kentucky continues role as obamacare laboratory -- but now for rollback , not expansion , under new gop gov . bevin 
rt new medicaid enrollees in ky who didn't vote in gov's race , now wondering about the fate of their health coverage : https … 
rt repealing the medicaid expansion is a perfect example of a retrogression not allowed under the … 
poor woman who didn't vote loses health care . others who don't even have to vote buy power 
“ take obamacare , get rid of it , and it won't hurt ... ” said mr. prario , who's skipping treatment for diabetes ... 
i wonder how many voting locations she drove by on the way to see her doctor . 
“ low-income people , the beneficiaries of the expanded medicaid program , are the least likely to vote , ” 
turns out a lot of people are actually eager to vote against their own best interests . 
kentucky , once the shining beacon for now a death panel for its retreat : 
ky , beacon for aca , now a lab for its retreat . - snatching defeat from the jaws of victory . 
kentucky was the only southern state to embrace obamacare . now it may be moving a different direction 
rt " kentucky may become a laboratory for the kind of rollback that the law’s opponents have so far only dreamed of . " http … 
please tell these people obamacare wasn’t worth the effort 
ky deserves this " diabetic with shoulder fracture hurried to see doctor after election . she didn't bother voting " 
why the success of kynect didn’t prevent matt bevin from winning , and the stakes of potential reform : 

2015 holiday gift guide for food and cooking 
gift ideas for a foodie ? buy my aunt wendy's book ! 
antarctic book of cooking & cleaning in holiday food & cook gift guide 
the new york times says the scourtin would make a great holiday gift ! we agree . our tasty , beautifully packaged ... 
thankful to have our choucroute garnie kit included in the the new york times gift guide ! 
2015 holiday gift guide : english toffee 
2015 holiday gift guide : the antarctic book of cooking and cleaning 
2015 holiday gift guide : pie carrier 
2015 holiday gift guide : spiralizer 
2015 holiday gift guide : salt and pepper set 
2015 holiday gift guide : sky planter 
2015 holiday gift guide : triangle dinner bell 
. is beautifully designed but as pretentious as you would expect . $140 for spoons !? 😟 
way to go sugaree's! get yours today at walton's! ... 
whole smoked goose featured in ny times gift giving guide . thanks 
2015 holiday gift ideas and guide — food & cooking 

road to robotic parking is littered with faulty projects 
" road to is littered with faulty projects , " as industries seek to automate 
road to robotic parking is littered with faulty projects : 
americans are rubbish at technology japan has it covered though 
why don't we have robotic parking garages already ? 
road to parking is littered with faulty projects : 
rt interactconsul road to parking is littered with faulty projects : 
autonomous cars ? who's kiddin ' who ?! hell , we can't even figure out " futuristic " parking lots . 
human valets are better than garages 
rt lets get the robot parking right before we get too excited about robot roads . 
smashed cars and other accidents : robotic still has a lot of problems 
weirdly , we may be closer to self driving cars than to car parks that robotically park cars . 

manhattan dentist's lawyer suggests client was high when he spoke with informer 
manhattan dentist’s lawyer suggests client was high when he spoke with i ... 
ny dentist arrested on drug and child porn charges bragged about bestiality parties and infecting people with hiv . 
odd to see indicted criminal described by almost positive-sounding ' high ' not intoxicated/on drugs in the 
lawyer for chelsea dentist accused of meth , child-porn possession suggests client was high when he made wild claims : 
brooklyn in the building via nyt 

in stingy water users are fined in while the rich soak 
in california , stingy water users are fined in drought , while the rich soak 
the washed and the unwashed : in stingy users are fined in drought , while the rich soak 
nyt's lede example of a californian unfairly fined for water uses ... 712 gallons/day ? 
in california , thrifty water users are fined in drought , while the rich soak 
what's going on in stingy water users fined , while the rich soak 
" in california , stingy water users are fined in while rich soak " via 
rt rich jerks who waste water are rich jerks . " in california , stingy water users are fin … 
rich jerks who waste water are rich jerks . " in california , stingy water users are fined in drought " 
apple valley , california 
in california , stingy users are fined in drought , while the rich soak 
in stingy users are fined in drought , while the rich soak via 
rich in cali have no respect for the drought . 
this is what class war looks like . 
yes , there is a link between economic inequality and climate change . just read this : 
also means on issues of 
in california , those who conserve water may also be getting fined 
fine the poor , give the rich 5 pools ? during a drought ? we're smarter than this . i swear . 
rt california is kind to the rich and cruel to the non-rich in how it deals with the water shortage . … 
rt what drought ? l.a. home has 12 bathrooms and water slide from inside house to outdoor pool . https : … 
in california , stingy water users are fined in while the rich soak 
rt tonight , don't worry , california's 1% are doing just fine : and here : 
ocean sciences article of the day - california drought : stingy water users fined ; rich soak ( new york times ) 

rt quote of the day 

:: your wednesday briefing : russia , chicago police , golden state warriors 

women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape . 
absolutely fascinating yet disturbing article- isis women enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish , escape 
check this out when you’re ready for a good , long read . 
heartbreaking what women must compromise 2 survive . isis women & enforcers in syria recount anguish and escape 
a deeply riveting story on a group of isis women who escaped the islamic state - 
women in war . 
the struggle of three syrian women battling oppression , forced marriage ... 
for you compassion-challenged folks , here are three refugees ’ stories of living under islamic state rule in syria . 
women and enforcers in recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
three young syrian women's disillusionment with the isis caliphate : personal stories . 
three young syrian women grow disillusioned with the isis caliphate : their stories . 
very interesting : isis wives and enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish & escape 
rt how three women survived the islamic state , and then escaped . 
you should read this : 
it was lucky for him that he had cursed allah , bcos allah shows mercy . if he ... the prophet , they wud have killed him 
rt a must read on deash ( " isis " ) : women from raqqa in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape from deash … 
rt inside isis : great revelatory piece .. dont miss it : 
women from raqqa recount their collaboration with daesh and their escape . interesting piece . 
danke , original in english : 
we can't let fear decide how public life is conducted if we don't want this to happen here . long but worthwhile . 
super bourgie isis collaborator sob story but worth reading | 
a long but truly fascinating read , about life in raqqa before and with 
collaboration & resistance against isis - women enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
( isis ) and enforcers in tell their stories ( warning ; graphic descriptions ) 

racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 
it happens in our school system , not just college only ! on campus : stories from new york times readers 
interesting compilation of stories of racism on college campuses across the u.s. 


an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
ringleader went to nice catholic high school in belgium . why isn't considered western ? 
abaaoud's own family wanted him dead father mourns 13-yr-old son , abducted to syria by brother abaaoud . 

women of hollywood speak out 
rt this is so important and upsetting . 30.2% of speaking roles are acted by women . the women of hollywood speak out … 
this is one of the reasons i am performing to honour the women who fought the good fight in a ... 
courtesy of a general heads-up by - a compelling maureen dowd article on the " women of hollywood " ... 
some powerful stuff about women in hollywood ! 100 men + women speak up about gender equality in the film industry 
" there is plenty of evidence ... movies aimed at women or directed by women can make a ton of profit . " 
worse than silicone valley , hollywood is " kind of like the church " when it comes to women 
this presumption , that women don't * want * to do the type of work men do , is so pernicious . 
female writers in hollywood are used to hearing things like ‘‘ can you insert a rape scene here ? " 
only 1 single woman has directed a $100m+ budget hollywood film 
the of speak out . 
maureen dowd on " hollywood’s toxic brew of fear and sexism " pull up a chair , this is worth a read 
the of hollywood speak out 
“ they don’t want us to be priests . they want us to be obedient nuns . ” 
rt currently celebrating the tfi alums & powerful women in entertainment on this list & off . https … 
really good read on the reality of the hollywood film industry thanks jennifer essex ! 
rt in 2014 , 95% cinematographers , 89% screenwriters , 82% editors , 81% executive producers and 77% producers were men . … 
" it's white men hiring white men to tell stories about white men . " 
in 2014 95% of all movies had male cinematographers . 
‘‘ my goal has always been to make movies with female protagonists who change the world " 
36 hollywood filmmakers speak out about sexism in the industry - an incredible piece of journalism from 
rt shorter ny times : " sexist discrimination against women is so bad in hollywood , it's like isis or something . " … 
the of time to take a risk on people w/ a different perspective 
found this really interesting though sad can't wait to read your interview from jocks & nerds 

ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say ... 
rt . is struggling to grasp advisers say 
rt struggling to grasp foreign policy " carson needed weekly conference calls .. so ' we can make him smart' " htt … 
ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , says former ex-cia advisor says 
rt not a good look when your advisers are giving quotes like these * on * the record : … 
this can't be real , right ?... 
rt the fact that this carson adviser tells the nyt this on the record just blows my mind ... https :/ … 
frontrunner : is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
carson aides admit candidate needs work on foreign policy : 
rt correction : carson aides say he needs weekly foreign policy briefings to " make him smart " ; didn't say he'd had them https : … 
mt fascinatingly indirect way to report man running for president , leading in polls doesn't know shit 
rt top advisor : he needed weekly conference calls briefing him on foreign policy so “ we can make him smart . ” … 
rt i still cannot believe this ben carson story . just amazing . 

for addicts , fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path : 
for fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
for can lead to ruinous path | 
the seems to be increasingly about stirring the shit 
the real dangers of " fantasy sports sites " for addicts 
fantasy sites and the ruinous path of addiction . 
rt fantasy sites can lead to gambling addiction . “ the perception of skill has led many people down a very dark path ” htt … 
if fantasy sports isn't gambling , why do people lose money -- and find themselves unable to stop ? 
for , sites can lead to ruinous path 
one man discloses how fantasy sports sites almost ruined his life and why they are a risk for people in recovery : 
" his life , consumed by gambling , disintegrated to where he considered suicide . " 
for addicts , daily fantasy sports sites can lead to a ruinous path [ via 
daily fantasy sport sites took his latent gambling problem to the brink of suicide 
new york times article/video on daily fantasy sports and gambling problems 
rt to those with addiction , daily fantasy sports looks a lot like gambling 
for those struggling with gambling fantasy sites can lead to a ruinous path via 
for addicts , fantasy sports sites can lead to ruinous path - 
while fanduel and draftkings are thriving ... more patients of gambling ? 
for gambling addicts , fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 

studies find declines in screening and early detection of prostate cancer 
early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening 
early cases fall along with screening 
great to see urology leaders drs . penson & eastham advocating for smarter screening for we agree ! 
rt has the pendulum swung too far with reduced … 
rt studies find declines in screening and early detection of via - 
with reductions in screening , fewer cases are being diagnosed . what does it mean for public health ? 
will soon be sharing selfies of my mustache . in the meantime , men's health from 

rt the band eagles of death metal makes a statement on the paris attacks . read it in full : … 


the video at the bottom of this article will help rookies like me carve a turkey . 
how2roastturkey : make potatoes : tksgiveguide : 
how to cook turkey 
happy thanksgiving ! check out this article so your thanksgiving goes off without a hitch ! 
just in case your still trying to figure out what to do with that tomorrow ! 
get yourself prepped for thanksgiving . how to cook a turkey : 
happy thanksgiving ! this one goes out to my mother , love you mom ! 
. ny times turkey guide to the rescue : 
turkey : how to cook the turkey via 
the bird is the word ! here's how to cook the turkey . 


tony romo injured in rout by panthers 
rt tony romo injured in rout by panthers 
rt tony romo injured in a rout by panthers 

here we go ! ama 

rt two of ben carson's top advisers say he's struggling to grasp foreign policy 

rt our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams … 

[ police transmissions of colorado springs siege [ 
a recording of police radio transmissions details the response to the shootings at a planned parenthood clinic ... 


yay , that sound again ! 
ooh 0:40 . i've never solved a mini puzzle that quickly . 

found out a was killed in the show picture via 
[ colorado suspect in custody [ 
artifact : suspect in attribute 

obama's syria goals ( halting civil war , toppling the president , beating isis , avoiding a quagmire ) are nonsensical … 
obama seeks to reassure skeptical public on isis fight : 
" it's good to know there's a grownup in the conversation " re isis . 
no known terror threat to u.s. before thanksgiving , obama says 
obama fails to reassure skeptical public on isis fight 
if obama put as much effort in2 fighting is as givng bombs logisticl supprt 2 ksa in yemen , us might c results vs is 
obbama " so preoccupied with not making the mistakes of the past that he’s making new ones all his own ” 
no known terror threat to us before thanksgiving , obama says . 
top story : retweets no known terror threat to u.s. before t … see more 
rt no known terror threat to us before thanksgiving , obama says . 
no known terror to u.s. before thanksgiving , says 
" washington — after meeting with his national security team on wednesday , president obama headed from the ... 

" nobody gets into comedy because they feel like they’re cool and funny " 
hey noël , great seeing you sunday am in new york fff-ing times ! 
noël wells is " the coolest , funniest thing on agreed . 
at risk of oversharing related articles ? nah . noël wells on ‘ master of none ’ and her plan b 

death of mack mccormick makes me wonder about his " monster " music archive 
mack mccormick , student of texas blues , dies at 85 
if you're a fan of the blues this is required reading . 
we just posted information on chris strachwitz and arhoolie records from the documentary this ain't no mouse ... 
as a teenager in ohio , mack had haunted carnivals and local burlesque shows , taking notes on comedy skits . his ... 
mack mccormick , student of texas dies at 85 
rt another obit of the great , somewhat mad , but great folklorist mack mccormick , in 
a great , great man . the dead skin between his toes was more important to culture than a hundred jimmy iovines . rip . 
mccormick obit in also relates a possible source for the pete-seeger-pulled the-plug-on-dylan legend 
mack mccormick searched out forgotten or unrecorded blues singers , and helped revive lightning hopkins ' career . 

mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ignore new ... - new york times 

anti-muslim is anti-american 
rt " each anti-muslim utterance feeds the bonfire that can burn space for the unimaginable . " 
charlesmblow : 52% say govt anti-terrorism policies single out muslims because that's who's committing terrorist acts 
furthermore , charlesmblow : of course centerforamericanprogress is org you cite ! they represent progressives 
charlesmblow : bring your arguments to the people of paris ! 
charlesmblow : sharia law has no place in america 
charlesmblow : when u lack the intellect to make a sound argument ; resort to ad hominems and cliches 
charlesmblow : the presidency of the usa should be reserved for t hose who put their country-not their religion-first 
charlesmblow invokes mlk on genocide of racism : sir , what do u think is going on in the middle east ! 
liberal charlesmblow : did you know democrats-not republicans-were behind the kkk . 
charlesmblow makes excuses for islamist extremists , ignoring they want destruction of israel 
naive charlesmblow makes specious argument on radical islam-cites cair which is an arm of muslim brotherhood 
anti-muslim rhetoric from some politicians recently is abhorrent . voices of tolerance must be louder 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 
your monday briefing : paris climate talks , planned parenthood , kobe bryant 
your monday briefing , via 
your monday briefing : paris climate talks , planned parenthood ... - new york times 
perfect monday news briefing . 
dating single your monday briefing : paris climate talks , planned parenthood , kobe bryan ... 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

china’s renminbi is approved as a main world currency 
this shows you that our standing as being a world leader is slipping . america should be very concerned about this . 
china’s renminbi is approved by i.m.f. as a main world currency 
i wonder if considered how stupid it will look if china ever devalues again . 
rt breaking news : china’s renminbi will join dollar , euro , yen and pound as one of the world’s main reserve currencies … 
new dawn : yuan road to unseat dollar 
hacker news - i.m.f. makes china’s renminbi one of world’s select currencies 
the approved as one of the world’s main central bank reserve currencies on monday 
renminbi ( currency ) , international monetary fund , china , economic conditions and trends via nyt 
china's renminbi is approved by imf as a main world currency - new york times 
top story : mindcasters china’s renminbi is approved by i.m.f. as a main world c … see more 
top story in questo momento : china’s renminbi is approved by i.m.f. as a main w … see more 
what will the impact be on macau's junket operators ? china’s renminbi is approved as a main world currency 
i.m.f. makes chinas renminbi one of worlds select currencies ( 
china's renminbi is approved as a main world currency 
ny times : renminbi is approved as a main world currency 
anonimo mannucci tweeted times china’s renminbi is approved by i.m.f. as a main … see more 
the is the new reserve this is huge : 
obama fiddled as announced another china’s renminbi approved as a main world currency . nuts 
the imf has approved the chinese renminbi as one of the world’s main central bank reserve currencies 
the international monetary fund’s move helps pave the way for the currency’s wider use in trade and finance , but could add volatility to the economy . 

isis is likely responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria . 
- isis is likely responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq & syria 
may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
isis killed over 1,000 people outside syria , iraq in 2015 so far 
this will make you gasp . map of active isis places in world . civilian deaths outside iraq & syria - 
global view of is activity - sobering . 
" let's bomb isis ! " " great . and just where , precisely , would you like to bomb them ? " 
isis is responsible for civilian deaths outside of iraq and syria 
mr. president : isis is not " contained . " read more and rt if you agree ! 
rt the tragedy in paris is just one of many isis attacks on innocent civilians . has a timeline worth reading : http … 
rt france is taking action against isil . time for to implement to keep america and our allies safe . ht … 
rt we must implement to stop the spread of these terrorists . 
rt interactive map showing attacks around the world via -- 
visualizations | global distribution and timelines of attacks linked to or inspired by isis : 
list of isis atracks 

from indonesia , a muslim challenge to the ideology of the 
muslims challenge ideology of isis : ' counternarrative only way western governments can deal with isis propaganda ' 
please don't tell me the fate of the modern world lies is in the hands of moderate muslim apologists ... 
" from indonesia , a challenge to the ideology of the islamic state , " challenging on message . 
rt muslims for peace -- in indonesia and winston-salem , nc . 
rt i asked where are the world’s muslim leaders in fight aganst isis ? answer : in indonesia , world’s largest muslim pop https://… 
rt new film from world's largest muslim population , challenges ideology 
rt indonesia's message of tolerance is seen as a welcome antidote to jihadism . … 
why aren't othr muslim maj countries esp arab following ex indonesia's 50 mil membr nahdlatul ulama's attack on is ? 
rt from a muslim challenge to the ideology of the 
there is light in the darkness . enlightened muslims of indonesia are challenging barbaric ideology of daesh 
this illustrates why equating islam with the us , saudi , turkish , israeli and qatar backed daesh terrorists in the ... 
a group in is battling ideology for a more liberal 
from a challenge to the ideology of the militants of 

" no , the tryptophan in turkey won’t make you sleepy " 
you might be extra tired after your meal , but don’t blame the turkey ; it could just be that you overate . 
for those nidding off with a house full of guests you will need a different cover story ! 
that thanksgiving food coma isn't from the tryptophan in turkey 
for me , my nap was because i was on my feet in the kitchen all morning , and it was certainly well deserved ... 
so i can blame my food coma on the stuffing ??? 
the immediate effects of gluttony ... 
by the way , turkey doesn’t make you any sleepier than other meats and foods . lots have tryptophan . 
all i know is that it's already saturday , and i just woke up ... no , the in won’t make you sleepy 
alex ... 
it's just a myth everyone ! 
it was not the tryptophan that made you take that post- meal nap on the couch ... 
come on guys keep up 
nope , it's not actually the turkey's fault you are feeling sleepy right now . 
don't worry about turkey putting you to sleep — it's excessive carb consumption that you should be wary of 
fact check : tryptophan in turkey does not make you sleepy . overeating does . - 
okay , then it isn't the tryptophan , but zzzzzzzzzz 
debunking one of thanksgiving's most common myths ~ william 
. turkey is overrated but your joke is a falsehood . ny times : 
the tryptophan is a lie 
be the smartest person at your table tonight !!!! urban legend destroyed !!!! 
no , the in won’t make you sleepy | nyt 
stop the myth . in turkey will not make you sleepy 
thanks to the elmhurst college chemistry and biochemistry department for the link ! 
happy thanksgiving ! good news . the tryptophan in turkey won’t make you sleepy 
happy thanksgiving everyone ! don't blame the tryptophan ! 

putin orders sanctions against 
putin orders sanctions against turkey russian president vladimir putin on saturday called for sanctions against t 
turkish president says wishes plane downing had not happened 
orders sanctions against after downing of jet 
europe ( uk ) top story : putin orders sanctions against turkey after downing of j … see more 
top story : turkey/turquía putin orders sanctions against turkey after downing o … see more 
putin puts sanctions on turkey after they shoot down a jet 
putin orders sanctions against turkey : russian president vladimir putin on saturday called for sanctions again ... 

love that her interior was described as commodious . lauren bacall’s dakota apartment sold : $21 million 
dakota apartment sold for $21 million 
and - what else is there to say ... oh - $ 21,000,000 ... 
rt rt d_gilbert_remax : rt : nycremilton rt buyplaya1 : rt 
rt rt : nycremilton rt buyplaya1 : rt and 
rt rt rt : nycremilton rt buyplaya1 : rt and https :/ … 
rt rt : nycremilton rt christenaames : rt and 
rt rt d_gilbert_remax : rt : nycremilton rt christenaames : rt 
rt : nycremilton rt christenaames : rt and - what else is there t … 
rt : nycremilton rt buyplaya1 : rt and - what else is there to sa … 
if you've never seen an apartment in the dakota , this gives you a good feel for what nyc's best building is like 
" dakota apartment sold for $21 million " /how did i miss out on that one ? 
rt rt : shilowilson sold $21 million 
rt : shilowilson sold $21 million news pr … 
sold $21 million news property 
big communication : lauren bacall's dakota object sold for $ 21 million 

read about how rep. tulsigabbard is a rising democratic star from hawaii tulsipress 
read about how rep. is a rising democratic star from hawaii 
. rising democratic star from hawaii , makes mark on party by defying it 
tulsi gabbard is getting props for learning from the failures in iraq and libya by opposing regime change in syria 
the first hindu the first american samoan and one of the first female combat veterans elected to congress 
rt meet the rising democratic party star from hawaii , an iraq war veteran who wd make a swell president . https : … 
rt tulsi gabbard , rising democratic star from hawaii , makes mark on party by thinking 
rt nytimes praises tulsi gabbard for breaking with her party ... and supporting assad . 
unlisted in resume information : took over title of " finest member of congress " after aaron schock's departure 
tulsi gabbard rising star votes to deny syrian refugees asap but thinks us in illegal war . wish article covered more 
rt liberals applauded tulsi gabbard for being the first hindu congressperson , ignoring that she is a diehard warhawk . http … 
“ she was a leader that people followed not because they had to but because they wanted to ” 
the shape of democratic things to come : gabbard 
nice look at the growing profile of tulsi gabbard , who has clashed w her fellow dems 
chk this out rising dem star makes mark on party by defying it ... 
tulsi gabbard , rising democratic star , makes mark on party by defying it 
rt . rising democratic star from hawaii , makes mark on party by defying it 
tulsi gabbard , democratic representative , beginning her day with yoga in washington . 
rt proud of my friend great profile : 

" none of this is rocket science " ... 
. hits for flip flopping on immigration reform 
" ted cruz attacks marco rubio on privacy and immigration " 
hit hard rubio is wrong on domestic surveillance : 
news : ted cruz attacks marco rubio on privacy and immigration - 
rt ted cruz attacks marco rubio on privacy and 
attacks on privacy and immigration 
first draft : ted cruz attacks marco ru ... | … 
ted cruz and marco rubio : rivalry … or running mates ? 
rt ted cruz and marco rubio : rivalry … or running mates ? 
sen. cruz just pulled the same coordination-via-media-statement move he bitches about here . crybaby . 
you can't be half a gangster ... not anymore 
what do you think ? feedback welcomed . :) ted cruz attacks marco rubio on privac … see more 

maybe don't bring chicken salad to the tailgate saturday .. 
steer clear yall salad from costco implicated in e . coli infections 
chicken salad from costco implicated in e . coli infections - - 
salad from . implicated in infections 
at least 19 people may have been infected by e . coli after eating rotisserie chicken salad sold at costco’s ,… 
business briefing : chicken salad from costco implicated in e . coli … track submission 
business briefing : chicken salad from costco implicated in e . coli infection ... 

never thought ariana could come back from donut-gate : 
justin bieber and ariana grande use an award show to speed a comeback 
tks for encouraging social presence . “ young people are in charge of their own brand online ” 
. and use an award show to speed a comeback ( h/t || 
justin bieber and ariana grande use an award show to speed a ... via nytimes 

rt details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 

top alternative energy story : britain calls for closing of coal-fired power pla … see more 
britain calls for closing of coal-fired power plants by 2025 
rt britain to close coal-fired power plants by 2025 - new york times 
british government has pledged to shut down all of the country's coal-fired power plants by 2025 
the uk is planning to close all coal plants by 2025 . so there's that ... 
calls for closing of -fired by 2025 
britain aims to close all coal power plants by 2025 : | first china , now britain ... this is excellent news 
bold move by ahead of paris talks : kill by 2025 . 
uk taking big step to reduce ghgs : calls for closing of coal-fired power plants by 2025 
rt amazing . great britain plans on closing all coal-fired plants by 2025 . 
icymi : uk calls for closure of all coal-fired power plants by 2025 
good news from the uk . i hope that with tony abott gone our government can now realize there is no future for coal . 


rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
fr . kevin o'brien , sj , read this letter as part of his homily at the 9 am mass on sunday : 

cynthia robinson , sly and the family stone trumpet player , dies at 71 
rip sly and the family stone's cynthia robinson , who broke a gender barrier simply by playing the trumpet . 
trumpet player for dies at age 71 . ripcynthiarobinson 
" cynthia n ' jerry got a message , they say : all the squares go home ... " sly & the family stone trumpeter dies at 71 
" if i could hear the horns blowin ' . cynthia on the throne , yeah ! " all the squares go home , indeed . rip . 
rt “ we hit that first note , and i just saw sparks and lights and my body just went totally nuts . ” 
rip . now jammin on high w/lil hardin & the duchess 
know what i'm listening to tonight 
cynthia robinson , sly and the family stone's trumpet player & vocalist , dies at 71 
you might like to hear the horns blowin ' , cynthia on the throne , yeah ! 
an american music original trumpet player cynthia robinson of sly and the family stone , dies at 71 
nyt obit for cynthia robinson 

how paris will strive for success that eluded copenhagen talks 
top story : retweets how paris will strive for success that … see more 
» i do big arms . you look at me & go , oh , he's doing big arms « 
more context from 
how paris will strive for success that eluded copenhagen - new york times 
how the paris climate talks will strive for success that eluded the copenhagen talks 
le bourget , france — as president obama and scores of world leaders convene here on monday to kick off a two-week united nations summit meeting aimed at forging a climate change accord , it will represe ... 

paris attacks and other assaults seen as evidence of a shift by 
. visiting scholar discusses the recent isis assaults & a shift in their methods 
the attacks in paris and elsewhere signal a shift in the strategy of the islamic state . 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ‘ external ’ targets , officials say 
rt isis evolution to ' external ' targets ... 
“ the race is on between isis and al qaeda to see who can attack the west the best " paris attacks and shift by isis 
. was quoted in a article about what we've learned in the aftermath of the attacks on paris 
what is missing in all media's report and analyisis about daesh is their cultic nature and how do they brainwash ... 
rt paris attacks , beirut bombings and downed russian airliner seen as evidence of a shift by isis 
important : intercepted communications suggest islamic state " central " directed paris and beirut attacks . 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ' external ' targets , officials say 
rt western intelligence abandons former belief that isis was only focused on controlling the muslim world … 
rt paris attack was coordinated by isis spokesman abu muhammad al-adnani , who has directly threatened canada . … 
were the attacks on paris , the russian plane , lebanon , etc ., evidence of a shift in isis tactics ? 
rt abu muhammad al-adnani has a $5mm bounty on his head . officials say he's chief of global ops . 
rt an analysis of isis videos found that russia was threatened the most , more times even than france . http … 
recent attacks in paris ... were the 1st results of a centrally planned terrorism campaign by ... the [ isis ] leadership 
top story : paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ‘ external ’ t … see more 
attacks and other assaults seen as evidence of a shift by isis 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution say this what happens in the face of weakness 

( me too . ) 
rt : : john kerry visited a mosque on monday in abu dhabi and urged for a bigger push against isis . http 
john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against islamic state in syr 
. would like to see the us-led military and diplomatic effort in syria “ go faster ” 
. outlines latest debate within the administration on defeating and hopes for a cease-fire in 
john kerry urging bigger push against islamic state in syria - the new york times 
nytimesworld : john kerry visited a mosque on monday in abu dhabi and urged for a bigger push against isis . … 

rt isis shares an image of the explosive it says brought down a russian jet 

how a smartphone took down a brazilian senator and important ally of president dilma rousseff 
cellphone recording leads to arrest of senator on obstruction charges 
cellphone recording leads to arrest of brazilian senator on obstruction charges - 
rt recording leads to arrest of on obstruction charges 
rt cellpohne recording leads to arrest of senator on obstruction charges the scandal gets … 
cellpohne recording leads to arrest of senator on obstruction charges the scandal gets larger & larger 
➋ how a cellphone recording lead to the arrest of a brazilian senator on obstruction charges . by 
how a smartphone took down a brazilian senator and important ally of presid … 
how a smartphone took down a brazilian senator and important ally of president d … 
nytimesworld : how a smartphone took down a brazilian senator and important ally of president dilma rousseff 
cellphone recording leads to arrest of brazilian senator on obstruction charge ... unete a 
cellphone recording leads to arrest of brazilian senator on ... - new york times 

a pitch is framed by diplomacy in 
interesting : a group of americans with foreign service cred is making plans for a mlb minor league team in cuba . 
reporting from havana , with a keen eye and insights on the hopes to bring minor league baseball to cuba 
looking to the future in cuba through diplomacy & baseball - 
so cool to see grad lou schwechheimer featured in the ny times ! 
a is framed by in 
castro and the millers in havana , 1959 : 
great story on helping bring cubans and americans together . 
great reflecting renewed ties b/t u.s. & a pitch is framed by 
baseball diplomacy in havana .... 
great piece on alum lou schwechheimer & the u . s . /cuba baseball connection . ( h/t 
incredibly fascinating story to watch : former pawsox , milb exec lou schwechheimer framing pro ball in cuba 
a pitch is framed by in cuba a short of relations with cuba 
rt a plan to return minor-league baseball to havana is underway , and and i follow a goodwill visit : https://… 
rt dan barry on baseball in cuba after detente . a delight to read , needless to say . 
rt . in cuba , writing on the future of baseball on the island , is as wonderful as one might expect . … 
an american group wants to have a major league team’s minor league affiliate based in havana 

rt so to be clear : none of the 5 paris attackers identified so far is syrian . 
fr & be auth est suspect list of attacks 11/13 . 1 still at large . 
the expanding web of connections among the paris attackers 
rt the paris attackers used facebook , not encryption … and in an isis dedicated group ! … 
the connections of the perpetrators of the paris attacks . 
a lot of people blame for fun fact : none of the attackers was syrian nor refugee : 
rt every person implicated so far in the paris attacks has been a french or belgian citizen . none is a syrian migrant . https :/ … 
rt six of the attackers were europeans who had travelled to terrorising ordinary syrians ... 
rt 5 paris attackers were french , 1 was belgian . a look at the connections — 
expanding web of connections among the paris attackers : passports via 
rt nyt maps connections bw perpetrators of - none of the 5 that have been identified so far are http … 
rt the paris attackers used facebook , not encryption & were known to the french authorities . https :/ … 

how to shop smart this holiday season ! 
tech fix : black friday deal or dud ? how to shop smart this holiday season 
rt just how many deals are good this black friday ? says 0.6% and tells us how to shop smarter : … 
do you take part in these holiday shopping traditions ? 
omnichannel shoppers no longer rise early for deals due to digital tools . did you shop early ? 
is it just us or are the deals on black friday not as great as they sound ? seems like agrees : 
deal or dud ? how to shop smart - - this usa advice is also applicable in europe . 
and 28 days until but we who are working today are not missing 
not pushing seriously the harper canadian peso , like oil , our dollar , mexico to the north , check us out . 
better not to shop today : black friday deal or did ? 
are you planning on taking advantage of black friday deals today ? 
insights on black friday " deals " can be right in the palm of your hand . 
happy holidays quinn records tm top-10 song chart for friday november 27 , 2015 is posted … 
you might want to read this article before shopping . brian chen's black friday deal or dud ? only 0.6% deals are good 
fix : deal or dud ? how to smart this holiday season 
are you after black friday deals ? 
nytimes : price-shopping and other shopping tools and apps for season 
black friday : don't part with your money anyone who can tell me which company gives their employees extra money ... 
black friday sales ! shop and earn ! 

" ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations " 
rt poor baby thinks it's the media's fault he's dumb . ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations https : … 
the vulgar , personal attacks are actually ben carson quotes : supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations 
ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks on his absurdist lies in seeking donations via 
who chairs the ben carson-aligned superpac ? john philip sousa iv 
first draft : ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donation ... 

retail workers try to make the most of a shopping slump 
black friday retail staff make the most of shopping slump - " bargains galore , higher profits ; low pay & long hours " 
let us spread network of linkedin exponentially dr. ratankumarsingh 
study support 
black friday group action units struggle with a slump 
many of the approx 16m people working retail will be on their feet for 12+ hours 
black friday blues for retail workers , via 
black friday means a workday , not a holiday for us workers 
black friday blues for retail workers : making the most of a shopping slump ~ 
ny times business newtop story : black friday retail workers try to make the mos … see more 
top news black friday retail workers try to make the most of a shop … see more 
new release : cd baby page is ready for champoo poo people ; techno dance hero 
the holidays mean heightened stress for the retail industry , especially among its workers : 
black friday retail workers ... nyt 
rt it is a black friday filled with uncertainty in a difficult sales period for fashion and apparel … 
nytimes : black friday blues for retail workers 

rt migrants arriving in face chaotic reception . "“ this is not a refugee crisis , this is administration crisis ” http … 
„germany has a system for everything . there must be an easier way . ” on berlins refugee registration 
“ this is not a refugee crisis , ” “ this is an administration crisis . ” 
migrants arriving in germany face a chaotic reception in berlin 
“ this is not a refugee crisis . this is an administration crisis . ” migrants in face chaotic reception . 
rt “ this is an administration crisis . ” - refugees face a chaotic reception in berlin in … 
berlin journal : migrants arriving in face a chaotic reception in berlin 
this berlin neighborhood is germany's ellis island , where migrants face a chaotic reception 
rt but so hip & trendy ! nyt piece on berlin’s utterly chaotic reception of refugees , … 
" in a country known for efficiency , the experience at ... can be startling . " via 
top story : retweets migrants arriving in germany face a cha … see more 
nytimesworld : this berlin neighborhood is germany's ellis island , where migrants face a chaotic reception … 
this berlin neighborhood is germany's ellis island , where face a chaotic reception ( via ) 


when turns itself off 
when tv turns itself off 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " on tv cancellations : https :/ … 

rt what travelers can expect in paris 

world war iii 
sometimes a butterfly's turbulence makes a storm . an act of nationalism in sarajevo led to 16m dead in ww i . ww iii ? 
mommy , please tell me again , how did world war begin ? ” 
here is an interesting article worth reading from the new york times ! 
rt world war 1 started with just the killing of a couple . world war 3 ? - 
rt a good read : mommy , could we have another world war ? https :/ … 
a bit wordy but good . by about in 
world wars 
te somber ...? 
but this time it's different , isn't it ?... human evolution ( not ) . 

iceland has more books published and read per person than anywhere else in the world 



rt nubia 1st baby to survive ebola having been born to infected mother … 
new ebola death in liberia days after nyt publishes looks like is still having trouble managing flow of info 
guinea , last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 

rt it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night , nothing felt like everything . … 

the jets tend to play well after halftime . the bad news ? they have to play the first half : 
the good news about the jets : how well they play after halftime . the bad : they still have to play the first half : 
the good news about the jets : how well they tend to play after halftime . the bad : they have to play the first half : 
with poor starts giving them fits , the jets plan to go back to basics 
i analyzed the jets ' horrific first halves . yes , horrific : 
rt i analyzed the jets ' horrific first halves . yes , horrific : 

macy’s thanksgiving day parade 
macy’s thanksgiving day parade . happy thanksgiving ! 
macy's thanksgiving day parade 
the parade goes on with balloons , bands and visible security . 


tales of a warmer planet 
" we can accomplish great things if we not only learn what is scientifically true , but also do what is morally right " 
" tales of a warmer arguing that running civilization on destroys climates . 
what kind of future do you want on planet earth ? 
we're creating climates our descendants will live in hundreds of thousands of years from now 
an excellent an important essay . 
nice think piece on consequences 
does humanity have a moral responsibility regarding 
" a switch from finite fossil energy to renewable energy sources is inevitable : we are only deciding how and when ... " 
" not only warming the planet , also constructing & demolishing artificial worlds of the deep future . " ~ 
must read for 1/8 of the carbon in our bodies recently emerged from smokestacks and tailpipes . 
" it's a mistake to think the climatic effects of our carbon emissions will be over within a few decades or ... 
rt extraordinary : we are made of air pollution . 
the cleanup will take tens of thousands of years even if we switch quickly to renewable energy , via 
our impacts on global climate are so profound that we will have canceled the next ice age . 
" roughly one-eighth of the carbon in your flesh , hair and bones recently emerged from smokestacks and tailpipes " 
not just warming earth , we're creating + demolishing artificial worlds of the deep future 
excellent article explains why it's too late to stop warming-the question is how warm do we want it 




eagles of death metal make first statement on paris attacks 

rt husband remembers his wife , " merry , with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids " … 



. goes viral , no selfies or tweets needed 
adele goes viral , no selfies or tweets needed so can we pls get rid of social media now ? :-) 
rt how patriarchy lacks words to describe powerful women & their success . is a " 27 year old mother " : … 
rt how adele got millions of people to buy her new album : adele appears to have activated millions of customers for … ht … 
goes no selfies or tweets needed 
seems like is stupefied a woman can do more than be a housewife : 
yes i'm the demographic but i don't shop at victoria's secret ... would be interesting to see the overlap between th … 
adele's traditional success in a digital music media world ( via 
rt for those interested , we'll sometimes tweet links to articles that make us think about our business . go … 
free steam games giveaway offer via sharethis 
adele shatters music industry truisms by going against the grain 
looks like people still buy cds for the top artists - 
wow , can try to belittle adele any more in the opening paragraph ? 
the typical adele fan is a college-educated woman aged 25 to 44 , who watches “ family guy ” on tv ... 
keep on , keepin ' on , 
inside success w/ ' 25 , ' explored by 
know your audience . typical adele fan is college grad , woman age 25 to 44 , who watches family guy 
adele shatters music industry truisms by going aga … see more 
rt demographics of a typical adele fan 

victims , remembered 
rt paris victims , remembered 
rt the victims of the paris attacks included an architect , a student , and music fans . here are some of their stories . … 
snippets of stories of paris victims 
paris victims , tears first determination to follow 
rt moving portraits of paris victims : 
you have shamed generations to come 
nov . 25 , 2015 - - the victims of paris , remembered 
rt most of the people killed in the attacks in paris were young and out having fun . here are some of their stories . https://… 
heart touching stories of the young people who lost their lives in 

range of frustrations reached boil as turkey shot down russian jet : 
we do have a military base in turkey . ( taps on microphone ) " is this thing on ? i've been quietly , patiently ... 
end of this article suggests putin may call erdogan's bluff by stepping up airstrikes on turkey's border & allies . 
very worthwhile piece on current russian-turkish tensions . 
more on it 
preemptive strike , bargaining power , and the of in the in 
rt new york times today : range of frustrations reached boil as shot down russian jet <= turkey = supporter > https : … 
behind russian jet’s downing , building tensions and frustrations for turkey 
apparently , a turkey took matters into its own hands after years of frustration ( thanksgiving humor ) 
the lede of this story is a sign of scary times . a year or so ago , it would be hard to imagine such a sentence . 
range of frustrations reached boil as shot down ъrussian jet - 
turkey and russia promised on wednesday not to go to war over the downing of a russian military jet , leaving ... 
you purposely shot down now kids get out of the litter box- & be world leaders- not children 
rt note how seamlessly the narrative moves from turkmen villages " bombed by to backed rebels … 
rt back to old trick conflating civilians/rebels . poor villagers kill parachuting pilot , take down helicopter htt … 
behind russian jet’s downing , building tensions and frustrations ... via nytimes 
many in turkey further upset by russia’s treatment of crimean tatars , who speak a turkic language & crimea invasion 
russian & ottoman empires battled for centuries for control over the area from the balkans to the black sea 
range of frustrations reached boil in turkey as turkey shot down russian jet 
when will folks get it through their heads that putin is not in syria to defeat isis 
rt mounting frustration in turkey over russia's actions in syria -- and political pressure -- prompted shoot down of su-24 htt … 

how amazon’s long game yielded a retail juggernaut . 
rt wow ! by 2020 , " conservatively " , amazon will have 50% of us households signed up for prime ! … 
in 5 years , years , 50% of american households will have joined amazon prime . 
rt you need faith in your idea but be open to changing trends . great piece on amazon by in … 
as we approach black friday : “ growth in prime subscriptions matters because prime alters the psychology of shopping ” 
a look at how amazon owns distribution : 
in praise of the long game ( sort of ): on ' how amazon's long game yielded a retail juggernaut ' 
says consumers spend 3x more after joining prime b/c it alters psychology , do you agree ? 
. ' s enormous investments in infrastructure & logistics have begun to pay off 
amazon’s long game ... simply amazing 
amazon is a juggernaut . 
how amazon’s long game yielded a juggernaut by on 
how yielded a retail juggernaut 

xi jinping announces overhaul of china’s military forces 
announces overhaul of military forces 
xi jinping announces overhaul of china's military forces 
jinping announces overhaul of china's military forces - new york times 
rt china streamlines military , unifies commands 
top story : retweets xi jinping announces overhaul of china’… see more 
the president said the changes would take years and were essential to creating a more nimb ... 

" targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs " 
unreliable medical tests prompt abortions , promote unnecessary surgeries , put people on drugs they don't need 
mammaprint test has clearance but fda cites separate , unapproved test in new report . ny times story : 
mammaprint test is fda cleared -- but fda cites separate unapproved test in report . ny times story : 
mammaprint test has clearance . fda cites a separate , unapproved test in new report . ny times story : 
inaccurate & unreliable medical testing is prompting focus on stricter regulation of laboratory-developed tests . 
inaccurate medical tests harm patients : food & drug administration wants new regulatory powers ( nyt ) 
rt overuse & over interpretation of medical tests rampant in our culture fda cracking down on poor … 
rt f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests . so many tests = surrogates of doctoring . when will listening be in vogue ? htt … 
mammaprint test has clearance but fda cites a separate , unapproved test in new report . ny times story : 
is on everyone's mind , and one is unnecessary tests 
rt f.d.a. targets inaccurate lab medical tests , citing dangers and costs what about home use glucose … 
f.d.a. targets inaccurate lab medical tests , citing dangers and costs what about home use glucose meters ? 
targets inaccurate citing dangers & costs 
laboratory tests need much more oversight : 

. refuses to lower list price of 
rt true to its disgusting core refuses to lower price of critical medication 
turing backpedals on lowering price of offers 50 percent discount to hospitals 
another example of how frustrating our health care system is . :( 
turing new price of toxo drug "“ this is , as the saying goes , nothing more than lipstick on a pig , ” - tm horn 
lynch him . 
remember when he said he'd lower the price of daraprim , then everyone forgot about it ? well he's not 
. - this is hurting patients and the industry ! shameful ! turing refuses to lower list price of daraprim 
martin shkreli , who cranked up a generic toxoplasmosis drug from $13.50 to $750 a pill continues to be an asshole . 
rt there it is . refuses to lower list price of details 
rt just an fyi that refuses to lower list price of drug . don’t believe the hype … 
remember martin shkreli ? he said he would drop the price of daraprim , the drug whose price he gouged . he lied . 
turing drug corp kills people w/outrageous pricing on diaprim that prevents malaria & treats parasitic infections . 
refuses to lower list price of toxoplasmosis via 
slightly different take on turing in nyt vs . wsj 
disappointing but not surprising . 
rt turing's latest move 
guess thanksgiving means zip to turing pharma and martin shkreli 
" turing refuses to lower list of toxoplasmosis as $750 a pill will be the main price to pay . 
turing pharmaceuticals decides not to lower the price of the drug that they so dramatically increased from $13.50 ... 

thanksgiving hotline bling . 
we are there for you , thanksgiving cooks . last-minute tips : 

rt " live from new york " it's equal time for john kasich , mike huckabee , james gilmore & lindsey graham after trump … 
a few of trump's rivals are getting their equal time from a few nbc affiliates . 
nytimes : nbc stations in iowa , new hampshire , so . carolina grant trump/snl-inspired equal time to 4 gop candidates . 
donald hosting means equal airtime for rivals 
" donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals " 
" just don't do it " trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals 
trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals viewers in iowa . 
donald trump's hosting of ' s . n . l . ' means equal airtime for rivals ( 
donald trump's hosting of ' snl ' means equal airtime for rivals - new york times 
ben carson : " i don’t know if , on the basis of that , you can say all muslims are bad people ” what ?! 
trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime 4 rivals how about equal time 4 latinos , muslims , blacks ?!! 
george pataki , et al . bravely fight for equal airtime with donald trump on saturday night live 
first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for … 
rt wow . trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals . 
( first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for riv ... ( shaquille ) 

5 activists were shot by white supremicists near a minneapolis police station : 
5 are shot near minneapolis protests , police say 
meanwhile in america : 3 white males sought as 5 are shot near minneapolis protests 
gunfire on black lives matter protestors monday night , 5 shot 
5 are shot near minneapolis protests . police search for three white men wearing masks . 
protestors shot at a closing borders won't help if the enemy is within . 
5 protestor shot in minneapolis , police say 
this hurts my heart . 
5 are shot at protests , 
5 shot " near " protest . i'm sure the passive , random tone of this headline is unintentional . 😑 
5 shot at minneapolis protest , by 

in many obamacare markets , renewal is not an option 
last year , we encouraged returning customers to shop around . this year , some people have no choice 
in many markets , renewal is not an option 
why and assistance is essential in 
interesting read .... 


for its i.p.o. , square scales back valuation by $3 billion 
for market debut , square scales back valuation by $3 billion 

13% of nytbooks 100 notables of 2015 are congrats , contribs & christina macsweeney ! 
notable books of 2015 : 
oh no , i better get busy ! i've only read one of nyt's 100 notable books of 2015 wonder how i'd rate on 2014 list 
100 notable books of 2015 looking forward to mccann and franzen new novels 
franzen's " purity " snuck right by me this year . have y'all read any of the books on this list ? 
100 notable of 2015 by 
rt starting to think about your holiday reading list ?! check out the 100 notable books of the year . … 
. 100 notable books of the year get/give them for christmas 
100 notable of 2015 for 
making it to the notable books of 2015 " . 
some great suggestions for your " winter reading " list : 
which of these notable books have you read in 2015 ? 
more books to add to your reading list : 
rt the beautiful bureaucrat is on the 2015 notable books list ! many many congrats , 

witness speaks 
colorado shooting witness speaks 
top story : colorado shooting witness speaks see more 
video : colorado shooting witness speaks 
officials scour colorado shooting suspect's past for answers via 
so weary of reading about more gun violence . too much . 
ozy licano , who was shot at by the gunman at a planned parenthood on friday , tearfully rec ... 

review : in ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter 
" ... fast footwork , brute power & brotherly love . " --> review : in ‘ back , as a mentor , not a fighter 
spot on . only times i've ever been emotional watching a movie : rocky , rocky 6 , creed . 
for once , the review is as good as the trailer ! 
excited for this !! and since his interview on ellen , always been curious with fruitvale station . 
creed contains a “ what’s a jawn ? ” moment ? definitely all in now . 
actually quite pleased that this rocky spinoff/revial is getting good reviews . 
applause & tears when the bill conti score plays . is terrific , says - 
sarah silverman spoiler alert - everyone dies in the end ( or perhaps during the ... 
for rocky and stallone fans , like myself , rocky is back - in ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter 
at a recent screening of as the familiar fanfare of bill conti's beloved “ rocky ” score signaled the 
" a boxing movie without clichés is like a political campaign without lies . " 
this review of is spot on . go see it . review : in . ' creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter 
review : in ' creed , ' rocky's back , as a mentor , not a fighter 
rt gonna fly now 
so proud to have been at preview for this triumphant film ! : in ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter 
trailer : ‘ creed ’ 
: in ‘ , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter 

man scales white house fence as obamas celebrate thanksgiving . it's time to " talk turkey " with jos . clancey . 
man scales white house fence as obamas celebrate thanksgiving inside 
man is held after jumping over white house fence 
agents apprehended a man draped in an american flag on the north lawn on thursday , moments ... 
unit apprehended after scaling white physical object artefact 

" two-thirds of americans want u.s. to join climate change pact " 
rt two-thirds of americans say the u.s. should join a global climate change pact , a poll shows … 
this is big ! two-thirds of americans want the u.s. to join global agreement to 
two-thirds of americans want u.s. to join change pact via 
2/3 of americans want us to join climate change pact can liberal media & their followers really be this delusional ? 
advice to for 2016 : 2/3 of americans want u.s. to join change pact – via 
new york times - usa - two-thirds of americans want u.s. to join pact - 
thats actually not even the next paragraph , it was the next * sentence * . nyt : 2/3 americans support pact : 
two-thirds of americans want us to join climate change pact - 
" 2/3 of americans want the u.s. to join global agreement to . 
the summit is well underway . will policymakers listen to their constituents ? 
two-thirds of americans want the u.s. to join a global agreement to 
rt two thirds of americans support climate pact , including a majority of gop voters . but not republican office-holders http … 
hah ! liberal climate lie of the day : 
good news but majority of republicans still oppose international climate deal . 
number of physical objects want u.s. to join abstract entity 
two-thirds of americans want u.s. to join pact via 
time for republican candidates to get on right side of history w 2/3 of americans who want u.s. to join climate pact 
" concern about the environment is now back to pre-recession levels " 



with shipwreck treasure easier to reach , a duel is on 
with wrecks easier to reach , a duel is on 
rt shipwrecks are easier than ever to find , leading to legal fights over who owns undersea heritage : b … 
finding buried treasure is getting easier . keeping it is getting harder . with shipwrecks easier to reach , duel is on 
shipwrecks are easier than ever to find , leading to legal fights over who owns undersea heritage : by 
treasure hunters are fighting homeland security and panama for rights to a silver treasure 
as technology exposes more sunken booty to commercial explorers , they are facing resistance and counterclaims by governments , the united nations and marine archaeologists . 

" no , kissing bugs are not a new scourge " 
recent media frenzy about ' kissing ' ( cone-nose ) bugs and their relationship to chagas disease . the disease is ,... 
. experts weigh in on in 
kissing bugs are raising concerns , but they've been in the united states a long time 6 facts 
rt nope , there's not a " kissing bug " epidemic underway 
despite a sudden surge in news reports , the bugs have been in the united states for a long ... 
while we're on the subject of facts , stop worrying about " kissing bugs . " 

. rt officer killed was a christian pastor who opposed abortion -- but protected pp anyway . 
disagreeing with abortion didn't stop officer garrett swasey from giving his life to protect life 
garrett swasey , officer killed in colorado , is recalled for courage and faith 
rt saddened by shooting at clinic in colorado springs . here is an article on officer swasey : 
husband , father , pastor . officer killed in colorado , is recalled for courage and faith 
rt officer swasey , killed in pp shooting , was a father of two , pastor at his church and nationally ranked ice dancer https … 
rt pro-life and gave his life saving lives at rip , officer swasey . 
garrett swasey , officer killed in colorado , was a pro-life christian who would die to protect pp clinic workers . 
slain officer known for courage & faith . put personal beliefs aside to serve . 
slain officer is recalled for courage and faith 
rt garrett swasey , officer killed in colorado at is recalled for courage and faith 
rt officer garret swasey , lost in colorado shooting , described as a man of courage and faith … 
rt rest in peace , garrett swasey 
courage to serve . 
rt 🌸 tribute to officer 🗣 re-tweet to honor this hero 🕯 … 
rt " here’s a guy who worked full time as a police officer , and then gave a great amount of time to his local church . " https : … 
god speed brother ... 
pro-life and gave his life saving lives at garrett swasey , officer killed 
rt garrett swasey , officer killed in colorado , known for courage and faith 
rt garrett swasey , 44 , gunned down by the euro-american terrorist in yesterday . https … 


france launches new airstrikes on isis in syria 

really important to keep facts together when we talk about the process of approval can take ... 
rt “ the last thing a refugee agency wants to do is give in to this un-american , political and knee-jerk reaction . ” … 
rt indiana gov's ban on syrian refugees forces aid groups to scramble to find family a home https :/ … 
rt 11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 

" is hillary clinton’s challenge a glass ceiling or a glass curtain ? " 
challenge or that of men uncomfortable with strong woman leader ? via 
“ many feel that they cannot relate to or trust her ... uneasiness about their ability to connect with her . ” 
. " must break through with voters , a challenge she is having trouble overcoming . " 
“ many feel that they cannot relate to or trust her " peter hart on clinton after an ohio focus group 
is clinton's challenge a glass ceiling or a glass curtain ? 
ohioans may vote for hillary clinton , whether they can relate to her is another thing . 
first draft : is hillary clinton’s challenge a glass ceiling or a glass curta ... 

the families funding the 2016 presidential election 
rt torches and pitchforks are grossly underrated . 
this is sickening and frightful . who's really funding the elections ? 
families funding the 2016 presidential election why does socialist terrify americans yet oligarchy does not ? 
120m families in us . 158 of them ( 138 20 are steering the boat for the rest of us . 
rt this is why dr. claud anderson wants us to build our neighborhoods into communities into economies ... https://… 
interesting article . 
plutocracy dept : the 158 families funding the 2016 presidential 
so far in the 2016 campaign , just 158 families have provided nearly half of the early campaign $$$ , 
over half the $ to 2016 presidential candidates funded by only 158 families . the world’s greatest democracy ? 
2016 let the games begin‼buy da lame🎟💸 
interesting reading 🤑🤑 
great read on buying the white house 

california judge orders frozen destroyed - 
california judge orders frozen embryos destroyed 

e . coli outbreak linked to costco chicken salad , c.d.c says - - 
if u purchased rotisserie chicken salad from any store from nov . 20 should not eat it . throw it away . 
e . coli linked to costco chicken salad , c.d.c says 
e . coli stec o157 : h7 outbreak in us is linked to costco chicken salad , us cdc says 
e . coli outbreak linked to costco chicken salad , cdc says - new york times 
if you bought rotisserie chicken salad at costco last week , don't eat it . an e . coli outbreak : 
still no statement from on e . coli outbreak linked to chicken salad 

actors of ‘ the big short ’ talk about the debt crisis , in beverly hills 
hey girl , ryan gosling is here to teach you all about synthetic collateralized debt obligation . 
would happily give a free debt finance tutorial to these guys 
great book . looks like a great movie . actors of ‘ the big short ’ talk about the debt crisis 
" the big short " , carell , gossling , wittrock , pitt ... 
cannot wait for this movie . the only thing that can make the book better is ryan gosling !!! 😍😍😍 
can you apply principles of to the apparently , yes ( via cc : 
explains what is a synthetic collateralized debt obligations 
steve carell valiantly tries to answer complex question , gets corrected by an editor's note . 
check out christian bale with his ‘ big short ’ actors talk about the debt crisis 
trailer : ' the big short ' 
movie adaptation of the big short with ryan gosling and finn wittrock ? yes please . 
the nyt asks ryan gosling & steve carell about synthetic collateralized debt obligations 
' the big short ’ actors steve carell , ryan gosling and finn wittrock discuss the debt crisis - via 
rt to be fair , i’m not entirely sure i could accurately define a cdo either 
" editor’s note : that’s actually the definition of a cdo squared . " actors of the big short talk about the debt crisis 
" i thought i knew but i didn't know anything at all . " -- actors of ‘ the big short ’ talk about the debt crisis 
actors of ' the big short ' talk about the debt crisis , in beverly hills - new york times 
can't wait to see this !! " actors of ‘ the big short ’ talk about the debt crisis " 
we gotta go see this 
also re `big short ' : channels on traders " zegna vs canali - there’s a real difference " 
haha . rt hey girl , let me short that for you 

stanford kick sends notre dame’s playoff hopes reeling 
stanford kick sends notre dame's playoff hopes reeling 
after giving up a lead with 30 seconds left , quickly moved into field-goal position for kicker conrad 
stanford kick sends notre dame & playoff hopes reeling 
organism human activities entity to notre living thing's playoff hopes 
conrad ukropina’s 45-yard attempt sailed through the uprights , giving stanford a wild 38-36 victory over notre ... 
stanford 38 , notre dame 36 : stanford kick sends notre dame’s playoff hop ... 
rt stanford 38 , notre dame 36 : stanford kick sends notre dame’s playoff hopes … 

to terms with a new vulnerability 
parisians are slowly coming to terms with their new sense of vulnerability 
. goodies : paris attacks a " zionist plot " & muslims don't have blue eyes . 
after nov . 13 , paris slowly comes to terms with a new vulnerability 
paris-implications for americans travel plans ? concerned about safety of son/his wife w/travel . 
paris is coming to terms with the idea that the november 13 terrorist attacks are unlikely to be the last 
rt paris is coming to terms with the idea that terrorist attacks could happen again . … 
physical entity slowly comes to attribute with psychological feature of vulnerability 
rt after terrorist attacks that killed 130 people , paris remains a city in shock … 
top story : retweets paris slowly coming to terms with a new … see more 

rt a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package … 

rt in tibet now , mandarin will be the language of instruction , not tibetan | nyt's edward wong reports | … 
fight to salvage fading culture in 
rt there have been 140 (* known ) tibetan self-immolations since 2009 . how many more must happen ? http … 
" fight to salvage fading culture in as the chinese push for assimilation it breeds anxiety . 
tibetans under chinese rule are trying to save their culture . nyt story , video & photos . 
rt read and watch our story about saving tibetan culture , has been working on this since may : … 
rt tibetans fight to save their language under chinese rule . nyt story . video by https … 
rt read and watch our story about saving tibetan culture , has been working on this since may : https :/ … 
" china has sharply scaled back , and restricted , the teaching of languages spoken by ethnic minorities in its vast ... 
tibet : the other rogue province via 
tibetans living in china are trying to preserve their culture . check out multimedia story of their efforts : 
rt nyt : china's strategy of assimilation in tibet . 
rt what are the threats to tibetan language & culture under china ? nyt story , photos & video . https :/ … 
" in the end , the goal is to destroy tibetan culture " - 
rt a filing lawsuit against authorities for more education https … 
rt how to destroy a language - brought to you by the state . 
rt . on the tashi wangchuk who fights for the survival of his language . 
save tibet , and save tibetan ! 
how tibetan language instruction is fading more and more in tibet . so sad ! 
rt tibetans struggle to preserve a language muffled by china - https://… 

sweaters for the slopes — or the streets 
the ski sweater hits the runway , and the streets 


small take in turning their backs on black friday 
small shops take pride in turnin 
small shops take pride in turning their backs on black friday 
rt . shoutout in " small shops take pride in turning their backs on … 
the canadian pesos , just a click away , just saying . 
check out this article . 
true american values . thanks for sharing 
is black friday on its way out ? 
how some small retailers are shunning black friday good stuff from 
rt we are closed all week including friday , reopen sat 11/28 . have a great thanksgiving ! we are not alone in closing : https :/ … 

an african king in 
rt a simple , humble african king in bolivia 


artists and the march into the museum 
rt black artists and the march into the museum 
& the march into the museum american culture would be poor w/out 
rt gustaveblache3 black artists and the march into the museum 
" there was a joke you’d think amer . had only 2 black artists , jacob lawrence and romare bearden ... " 
black artist and the march into the museum 
black artists in american museums---there's a * lot * of history rewriting to do : 
after decades of spotty acquisitions/token exhibitions , u.s. museums rewriting 20th century to include black artists 
read : “ black artists & the march into the museum , ” see : norman lewis ' " untitled " 
via us museums are rewriting history of 20th-century art to include black artists 
" the canon is like a rubber band . " struck by this norman lewis work my last visit 
talking to the sculptors betye and alison saar , who live and work in los angeles 
rt black artists , excluded from art history , starting to get long overdue attention → ht … 
‘ i think it’s going to take about 30 years before people stop caring whether i’m black and just pay attention ' 
" and the march into the as african american artists long neglected join an expanding canon 
museums focusing on af-am artists . great for artists , collectors who knew the genius all along and u.s. 
rt culturegrrl : why does randykennedy3 piece on black artists & … 
rt why does piece on black artists & museums omit http:// https : … 
rt ' bout time ! black artists accepted into museums we have missed too much great art power 
rewriting art history to include black artists 
towards african american art being america art ... 
. story on black artists & us museums collexes is fantastic -- and is beautifully designed for web : 
black artists and march into the museum via 
finally , black artists march into the museum 
“ there was a joke ... you’d think america had only two black artists " black artists and the march into the 

headline should have been : latina sophomore feels lonely at college , boo hoo 
with comes intensity in amherst free speech debate - 
with diversity comes intensity in amherst free speech debate 
amherst , like other institutions , had not been able to translate its quest for diversity into a sense of community . 
campus debates about diversity heat up & via 
i wish the article had mentioned the alums who are totally behind the proposed changes . 
" it’s like a 3-d or 4-d world , and some people are looking at it as just two-dimensional " 
of course there is a legacy of supremacy & privilege . amherst ordered bio warfare & ethnic cleansing on natives ... 
rt the middle ages called . they want their worldview back : students want free speech advocates disciplined : htt … 
rt wow , this is fucked up . 
i bet campus diversity/inclusion/language-suppression fights get even more interesting as alumni get involved . 
troubling times at college campuses , like when i was an undergrad - sanitizing history doesn't change present/future 
last ex : racial oppression at amherst : “ you can walk into a room and have it look 50-50 and still not feel valued . ” 
racial oppression at amherst cont'd: “ you’re here and you’re seen , but maybe you’re not seen for who you are , ” 2/2 
2 examples of racial oppression at amherst : a latina sophomore from new york , said she felt " lonely . " 1/2 
what you said resonates thank you for speaking out . 
interesting , balanced , piece on the campus climate debates . diversity and community should , indeed , thrive together . 
rt rescinding an honor isn't " sterilizing history . " in fact , it has the opposite effect . … 
that ethnic and racial competency training sounds fucking terrifying 
because students , staff , family members , and communities don't get involve in what goes on at their schools and coll … 
there's no " difficult balance " even for witless college admins . in the us we do free speech . 
with you need 
in another ex . of free speech vs . victimization/pc debate raging across campuses , goes2 
" diversity doesn’t do much good if groups come to to study only their own points of interest . " 
dear amherst students : instead of mascot lord jeff you might learn more debating lord jim 
with comes intensity in amherst debate because is more important than merit . 
rt with diversity comes intensity in free speech debate 
finally a discussion about the rise of radical political correctness stifling free speech + art : 

12,000 year old frozen cave lion cubs found in siberian arctic 
frozen lion cubs still have their fur 12,000 years later 
two ice age lion cubs found frozen in siberian permafrost . 
there is a place called the kingdom of permafrost museum ..! i want to visit . 
a furry pair of lion cubs born in the ice age have been found " perfectly frozen " in the siberian arctic 
frozen lion cubs found in siberia still have their fur 12,000 years later 
cute little cave lion , only 12,000 years old : 
frozen lion cubs still have their fur 12000 years later - new york times 

travel alert or no , many in u.s. are determined to go places for thanksgiving 
facing tougher security measures 
holiday travelers facing tougher security measures 
new york times travel alert or no , many in us are determined to go places for thanksgivin … 
despite travel alert , many in u.s. are determined to go places for - 
rather obvious , but allow for extra time while traveling over the holidays . traffic & security are both high . 
travel alert or no , many are bent on going places 
amid myriad threats and obstacles , americans resolve nevertheless to keep calm and on . 
travel alert or no , many in us are determined to go places for thanksgiving - new york times 
facing tougher measures 
americans are likely to see longer security lines and more careful screening during the holiday period . but ai ... 

using high heels for self-defense 
some women who wear high heels are taking a self-defense class that teaches them how to fight back when they’re ... 
using for 
rt noneedtoalterlooks&compromisefemininitytoduststalkersoffbutneedtoalterlooks&compromiseclasstostay … 
rt lnrksnr : rt faustina1018 : noneedtoalterlooks&compromisefemininitytoduststalkersoffbutneedtoalterlooks&compromis … 
noneedtoalterlooks&compromisefemininitytoduststalkersoffbutneedtoalterlooks&compromiseclasstostayurbancommunistespny 
well … here is an interesting new take on self defense ! could you do it in heels ? 
rt check out the article in sunday's that features my book fight like a girl ... and win . 

pop facebook quiz : should you take it ? - 
should you take this pop facebook quiz and tell a company on the other side of the world everything about yourself ? 
pop quiz : should you take it ? 
stick to quizzes that just let you share the results without logging in with your facebook account , such as buzzfeed 
why those quizzes on could be stealing your data ... 
new release : cd baby page is ready for gene poo poo man anderson : funky for santa claus ( live ) .… 
cute facebook quizzes may pose more privacy danger than thought . 
if you take quizzes , your privacy may not be so private 
are you one of 17 million people that have taken the most-often-used words on facebook ? if you have to login with ... 
facebook quizzes can be " privacy nightmare " . 
your tweet is now famous ( kind of ) . :) 
take a facebook quiz ? possibly bye bye privacy . 
pop should you take it ? 
hundreds of quizzes created by a single company on facebook are creating a privacy concern : via 
rt hundreds of facebook quizzes created by a single company are creating a privacy concern … 
apply for 200 vacant posts of probationary officer in junior management grade / scale-i i … 

" activists vow not to cower after 5 are shot " | 
rt activists vow not to cower after 5 are shot . … 
rt trump says maybe black lives matter activist " should have been roughed up . " now , 5 are shot . not claiming causality . … 
rt activists vow not to cower after 5 are shot https … 
rt 5 shot at by white supremacists . and i'm told that me and my people are the problem . https :/ … 
gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of police in minneapolis 
rt bad portent : 5 shot at black lives matter protest in minneapolis . police looking for 3 white suspects . … 
rt black lives matters activists vow not to cower after 5 are shot 
what did you discuss this thanksgiving ? did you hear that five people were shot monday while protesting the ... 
rt armed white supremacy is the terrorist threat america must confront . everything else is a distraction . … 
rt now 2 men held in shooting of 5 at minneapolis black lives matter protest 
eligon , j . and a . southall “ 2 men held in shooting of 5 at minneapolis black lives matter protest ” nyt , 24 nov 2015 
rt " black lives matter " marchers march on - even after domestic terrorists shot 5 of them . … 
“ not one of the officers came off the wall . we all said , ‘ why aren’t you doing anything ? ’” 
minneapolis police do not care about good relations w african americans & is a city the doj needs to investigate . 
black lives matter vow not to cower after 5 are shot 
rt in mn , 5 black lives matter protesters were shot and wounded while they were demonstrating . 3 white male suspects . … 
domestic terrorism : 
volkswagen is subject of german tax inquiry 
2 men held in shooting of 5 at minneapolis black lives matter protest - new york time 
" lives matter vow not to cower after 5 are shot , " as continues to protest . 
this was a & this will not continue happen 

adele’s ‘ 25 ’ sells record-shattering 3.38 million copies 
adele’s 25 is fast seller since nielsen began tallying sales data in 1991 : sales are 1/2 physical , 1.2 digital 
the final numbers are in , and they confirm expectations : adele is a phenomenon . 
arts at new york times : adele’s ‘ 25 ’ sells record-shattering 3.38 million copi … see more 
adele's " 25 " sells 3.38 million ? depends on how you count - 1500 streams = 1 album on the bb chart - 

i may make an exception . someone posted this on fb page and i'm all like need now . 
cranberry curd tart 
rt cranberry curd tart 
a version of this for the turkey sacrifice tomorrow ? 
who's cooking today ? what are you making ? i'm about halfway through this tart : 
delicious this is what reporters & editors are ogling & baking for t'giving . … 
in the nyt newsroom , this is what reporters & editors are ogling & baking for t'giving . 
hey do the folks at have another crust recipe for this tart ? a guest has hazelnut allergy 😓 : 

read one abortion provider's account about why he continues to do this work at great personal risk to himself : 
why i provide abortions 
laws that restrict access to abortion do nothing to make it safer , only less accessible . 
" we know that when women have access to abortion , contraception and medically accurate sex education , they thrive . " 
" each [ patient ] is grappling with a personal dilemma , deciding among non-desirable options . " 
" we who provide abortions do so because our patients need us " - dr. willie parker 
rt for health professionals like dr. willie parker , providing care is also about compassion for women : … 
" i want for women what i want for myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determination " dr. willie parker 

rigatoni sets you up for thanksgiving - - 
yeah , this is a traditional thanksgiving for me ! " rigatoni sets you up for thanksgiving " 
this recipe for rigatoni will set you up for 

at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one 
rt at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one via 
at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant and racist one : 
. sjws seek to condemn woodrow wilson , former president of usa , for being a flawed man of his time . 
rt front page tomorrow : princeton confronts woodrow wilson's ugly legacy 
wilson's 8 yr reign as prez of princeton no blacks were admitted ; though harvard n yale had done so decades earlier 
prez wilson , a great kkkk rose up to rid whites of the burden of govments sustained by the votes of ignorant negroes 
teaching history vs . supporting 
kudos to princeton students but be careful , racist politicians & their policies are on both sides of the isle 
at princeton , addressing a racist legacy and seeking to remove woodrow wilson’s name 
this week race & the politics of history divides students at another us university 
which legacy should be the lasting one ? princeton ponders woodrow wilson : 
there is a bit of schadenfreude in what is happening at princeton right now in regards to woodrow wilson . for ... 
you should be scared , not for the armed poultry though ... 
rt racism has a unique characteristic in that after it trickles down through society , it goes right back up : … 
dear white people , here is an example of decision that is not hard . it is a no-brainer , in fact . wilson's name ... 
. profile of wilson’s racist views omits his party affiliation . 
woodrow wilson naming and shaming at princeton - whatever would they would think if they considered craigavon ? 
i am super tempted to read the comment section ... but i know that no good can come of that exploration . 
been learning a lot about president wilson lately . lots of stuff left out of history books . 
his loved " birth of a nation " - just saying : at princeton , woodrow wilson is recast as an intolerant one 
princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one • a bastardly anti-semite " gentleman . " 
wilson , a heralded princeton alum , recast as an intolerant one . let's not forget his praise for birth of a nation 
princeton , which admitted its first black student in the 1940s , reassesses the legacy of president woodrow wilson 
not recast - just the truth finally coming out . woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one 
it's amazing how money can erase bigotry from history , or at least , camouflage it's presence ! 
as & therefore how do you feel seeing this play out w/marginalized in ... 

u.s. general says kunduz hospital strike was ‘ avoidable ’ 
rt cascade of errors : u.s. general says kunduz hospital strike was ‘ avoidable ’ 
rt several us service members suspended over hospital bombing — suspensions are not enough ! … 
u.s. military suspends members over kunduz hospital strike 
rt msf hospital in kunduz was attacked because it was the closest large building to a field . … 
rt msf kunduz trauma center mistakenly targeted because ‘ roughly matched ’ a description of an intended target … 
avoidable is understatement . typical example of swiss cheese model , grave consequences hospital strike avoidable ’ 
rt well , credit to the us military for accepting blame ( note word " avoidable " ) & calling those responsible to account . http … 
us general says kunduz hospital strike was \'avoidable\' - new york times 
how about building 10 hospital in afghanistan to compensate for the kunduz bombing ? 
u.s. general said the strike on a doctors without borders hospital in kunduz was " avoidable " 
rt u.s. general says kunduz msf hospital strike was ‘ avoidable ’ cold blooded mass murder always is … 
collateral murder again ... 
kabul , afghanistan — the top american commander in afghanistan , gen . john f . campbell , said wednesday that ... 
rt a top american general said the strike on the hospital in kunduz was due to an " avoidable human error . " … 
just stunning . rt jaw-dropping u.s. account of kunduz hospital bombing : 

ousted founder of men’s wearhouse watches his old company struggle 
men’s wearhouse former boss watchesstruggle , its costly jo's banks acquisition & changing retail landscape 
rt interesting article on suits and corporate mergers : 
founder of men’s wearhouse watches his old company struggle ( lesson learned : no pac-man buyouts . ) 
zimmer certainly comes off as a kind , smart , & considerate person in this article ( h/t 
rt ousted founder of men ? s wearhouse watches his old company struggle - the new york times - http … 
common sense : the former face of men’s wearhouse watches his old company struggle 
sounds like an entrepreneur , " since then , mr. zimmer , now 67 , has started two digital businesses " 
“ i’m so happy not to be working in the retail store business ” - george zimmer , post-men’s wearhouse 
rt “ it’s capitalism gone mad , ” says prof . john coffee of men’s warehouse merger in great piece by … 
" founder of men's warehouse watches old co struggle iam just 2years behind ya george-cngrts on new co ! 
ousted founder of watches his old company struggle 
i didn't follow the story , looks strategy backfired ... ousted founder of men’s wearhouse watches his old co . struggle 
he should start playing the evil twin of the " the most interesting man in the world " 
the former face of men's wearhouse watches his old company struggle : via 
ousted founder of men’s wearhouse goes digital ! warehouse stocks decline . capitalism has more than one stakeholder ! 
jeff macke is right : $mw is the most incompetent board ever . " i'm going to like the way you struggle . " 
" you'll like the way you look " founder george zimmer is doing fine without men's wearhouse , thankyouverymuch ! 
firms are built by & for stakeholders , not just shareholders : fired founder watches company struggle 
rt “ we all get knocked down at some point . it’s about getting back up . ” -ousted founder of men’s wearhouse … 
rt grateful for the good times we had . thx for sharing my story ! … 
some and events are a for the 
we’ve allowed to become all about 
while and redefine category . ousted founder of men’s wearhouse watches old company struggle 
who knew that men's wearhouse guy was such a thoughtful fellow ? dead ringer for most interesting man in the world . 
$josb victim of e-commerce , bad merger . george zimmer " i’m so happy not to be working in the retail store business " : 
remember when men's wearhouse fired now look what's happening with the acquisition that he opposed . 
men’s wearhouse musings . 
a very good glimpse into current style of corporate management . 
you won't like the way you look , i guarantee it 
fark : you won't like the way you look , i guarantee it 
way to go , power-hungry board of advisors ! 

rt i wasn't going to write " talking paris with kids " until i saw how beautifully this dad handled it : 
one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers 
one french parent to his son , “ they may have guns , but we have flowers ” 
motherlode blog : one parent , on paris : they might have guns , 

rt aung san suu kyi has moved toward dominance in myanmar . her words have become provocative . … 


first same-sex marriage ceremony held in ireland 

betty crocker’s absurd , gorgeous atomic-age creations 
here's a great piece on the gelatin-encased , mayo-smothered monstrosities of the past . 
check out these absurd atomic-age creations from betty crocker ! just in time for thanksgiving :) 
" thus were foods bound or imprisoned . " betty crocker's recipes , brave , lurid soldiers in the cold war ... 
rt planning thanksgiving dinner ? here's a visual banquet from the last century - - lots of betty cro … 
planning thanksgiving dinner ? here's a visual banquet from the last century - - lots of betty crocker 


rt why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 

announces 
it's sad day to me and for all the lakers nation 
this is the end of a basketball era ! 
after 20 years playing in the nba , kobe bryant will retire after the season is over . 
" kobe bryant of the los angeles lakers announced sunday that he would retire from professional basketball after ... 
congrats to on a masterful career . he will be truly missed on the court . 
i love watching the lakers lose , but have mad respect for every time you ruined my day . 
" this season is all i have left to give . " announces retirement 
rt sports alert : kobe bryant of the los angeles lakers announced that he will retire after this season 
re kobe all-time ☆ ' s : & from when he was on ir , live-tweeting games 
" my heart can take the pounding / my mind can handle the grind / but my body knows it’s time to say goodbye " - kobe 
bryant " this season is all i have left to give " 💜💛 
what a legend .. so much respect for this man . extra points for knowing when to call it quits . 
basketball will never be the same without you kobe !!! thanks for the memories and endless inspiration ! you are a ... 

anonymous hackers fight isis but reactions are mixed 
cep ceo mark wallace : is the funnel that attracts recruits to 
fight but reactions are mixed 
why the basic question of proof is not asked ? i have been looking for sghostsec proof but to no avail . 
nyt ideology piece exemplifies why liberals won't shut down isis recruiting websites 
hackers fight isis but reactions are mixed solidarity . safety > ' free speech ' & the right to tweet . 
cybervigiliantism and efforts to take down online 
hackers fight isis but reactions are mixed frm for a better future 
wholesale efforts to block twitter activity sometimes sweep up journalists and others who track .. 
all good things cause some negative reactions . in this case , the good outweighs the harm by far ! 
mixed reviews as anonymous hackers combat is 
mixed reactions to cyberwarfare on effective curbing of recruitment or indiscriminate vigilantism ? 

new york wants a nickname for porzingis 
new york today : knick names 
what to call latvian sensation kristaps porzingis ? i prefer special k or porzilla : new york today : knick names 
help decide on a nickname for kristaps porzingis over on ny today ! ( my vote is for three 6 latvia . ) 

the 911 system isn’t ready for the iphone era 
good old fashioned landlines are being replaced w/ " free " obama cell phones ... 
this means we might be able to find you on the house with 
new york times article regarding readiness of 9-1-1 network 
the outdated technology holding up the 911 emergency system . 
first responders are still relying on an emergency system based on dangerously outmoded technology . 
rt seems like a clearly right idea in today's fcc chairman tom wheeler on how we need to update 911 … 
fcc chief : us must upgrade to next-generation 9-1-1 . 
the 911 system duterte has the latest emergency 911 system just ike usa but why ph so behind . 
the system isn’t ready for the era 
great piece by tom wheeler fcc chairman on how we need to improve our 911 infrastructure . 
recognizes the power and the need of 911 to fully make use of this next-generation technology 
an educational opinion article from tom wheeler , chairperson of the fcc on next generation 911 ... 
the 911 system is not ready for the iphone era 
rt in op-ed , fcc's wheeler calls for federal funding to help 911 centers upgrade to handle texts , photos … 
mt 911 emergency system established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more at 10/11c . 
rt the 911 emergency system was established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more a … 
the 911 emergency system was established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more at 10/11c . 
. chairman tom wheeler calls on congress to help states update an antiquated 911 system : 
" 911 handle about 240 million calls a year [ .. ] but many local 911 call centers can’t receive a text , photo or video " 
911 isn't fully ready for what the world expects , is it ? nena - national emergency number association's oped ... 
the 911 system isn't ready for the iphone era - new york times 
the 911 system isn’t ready for the internet era 
fcc chairman , tom wheeler , wrote a great ' plain english ' op-ed about the next years ahead for 9-1-1 . today in the ne … 
i like this idea very much : the 911 system isn’t ready ... 
opinion | the 911 system isn’t ready for the era - the new york times 
the system isn’t ready for the iphone era 
very important read : 
article from the 911 system isn’t ready for the era 

keeps wooden escalators 
macy’s historic wooden escalators survive renovation 
latest miracle on 34th street : macy’s keeps wooden escalators 
history is fun and cool and relevant ! 
nyc macy's historic wooden escalators survive renovation 
next time i'm in manhattan , i'll ride the wooden escalators at macy’s . then i'll get out before i buy something . 
notice the single unfastened monk strap . this style is the invention of sartorial pioneer . 
last yr went to macys fr 1st time in ages & was glad to see wooden escalators of childhood 
finally . good news ! 
macy’s historic nyc wooden escalators survive renovation ! 
for a native new yorker , this is olde new york to its core ... macy’s wooden escalators . 
a little black friday preservation news 
macy's herald square flagship store is still using 1920's wooden escalators . by 
latest miracle on 34th street : famed wooden escalators survive macy's renovation : 
as the big apple faces its 1st fao schwarzless christmas in many years , its nice to see some old traditions remain 
the is great but i love the escalators by 
wooden escalators ! i remember ; do you ? 
wooden escalators , mechanical dinosaurs from the 1920s , survive a macy's renovation 

arrests 2 over attack on luxury hotel in 
2 arrested over attack on luxury hotel in mali 
nyt : malian special forces arrested two in last week's shooting at the radisson blu hotel . 

a tibetan’s journey for justice 
watch this short doc about one tibetan’s fraught attempt to seek justice in beijing by 
an enlightening piece about an enlightening people : 
omg i hope this guy is in hiding now . 
with the rise of china the plight of tibet & the uighur people gets less and less , this powerful video shows ... 
tibetans fight to salvage fading culture in china : via 
times video on tibetan language and culture in china , politics , and the law : 
incredible imagery and music in this video on the struggle to preserve tibetan culture . via 
video : a journey for justice 
headline whitewash of tragedy via 
love this admire this young man . via 
tibetans fight to salvage fading language & culture in china via 
a tibetan's journey for justice 


adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer , dies at 90 
" guests recalled that the point of no return came when she told her husband that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " 
rt “ i decided i was going to be that beautiful temptress who ate men alive , flossed her teeth and spit out the bones " … 
rt " the point of no return came when she told him that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " why mailer … 
adele mailer , 90 , an artist and actress whose husband , norman mailer , once stabbed her at a party , died 
during to end violence against women , runs obit of artist & actor adele mailer , focus on violent ex 
rt adele mailer , rip : 
adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer & was eventually stabbed by him , dies at 90 . outlives the b 
what made norman mailer stab his wife ? possibly this : " she told her husband that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " 
how much of an asshole was norman mailer ? he stabbed his wife when she said he wasn't as good as dostoyevsky . 
rt " guests recalled that the point of no return came when she told her husband that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " https : … 
rt married to mailer , inspired by " carmen " : “ you lived from crisis to crisis , sang love duets and had screaming fights ” https :/ … 
adele mailer , stabbed by husband for saying he wasn't as good as dostoyevsky , dies at 90 thank you , 
adele mailer , 2nd wife of poba artist norman mailer dies at 90 a turbulant , fascinating life 
to show my appreciation for norm's gesture from now on i'm inviting the chief rabbinate of israel to all my parties . 
presume you saw reference to your dad getting into fight w/allen ginsberg in 1960 in adele mailer obit : 
this obit , for example . 
i was going to be that beautiful temptress who ate men alive , flossed her teeth and spit out the bones adele mailer 
rt nyt obit for adele mailer , who then-husband norman mailer stabbed after she said he wasn't as good as dostoyevsky … 
wow . lives to 90 and most of adele mailer's obit is about the guy who stabbed her 55 years ago . 
adele mailer , artist who wed norman mailer , dies ; seriously injured in ' 60 when her husband stabbed her during party 

f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages is crucial 
rt exploiting paris attack , fbi director repeats call demand to read encrypted messages ( still no evidence it was used ) https : … 
director repeats call that ability to read is crucial 
rt wants 
the terrorist attacks in paris may have changed the politics on both encryption and a range of .. 

" what does marco rubio actually think about syrian refugees ? " 
where did he lie ? rubio was in favor of bringing in refugees back in september . 
go here to see a video on it : 
gop " we need to vet these refugees more " . well here is video to show you exactly what they go through now : 

womp womp 
the places where you can’t easily shop these days - 

warriors rout lakers and set record for n . b . a . ’ s best start 
warriors 111 , lakers 77 : warriors rout ... | … 
warriors rout lakers and set record for n . b . a . ' s best start 
warriors rout lakers and set record for nba's best start - new york times 
warriors 111 , lakers 77 : warriors rout lakers and set record for n . b . a . ’ ... 
getslimmerquickly / warriors 111 , lakers 77 : warriors rout lakers and set record for n .... 
warriors 111 , lakers 77 : warriors rout lakers and set … 
warriors 111 , lakers 77 : warriors rout lakers and set record for n . b . a … 

canada’s new leadership reverses course on 
rt canada’s new leadership reverses course on 
icymt : canada’s new leadership reverses course on climate change 
new leadership reverses course on via 
proud to see our government starting a new , hopeful conversation on back home in 
this guy ! very exciting . 
ten years in the desert following the fossil fuel camel train then 
rt " in less than a month , canada has executed a complete about-face on global http … 
rt justin trudeau turns canada around on climate change , just in time for … 
thank you for making this mama proud to be canadian ! 
canada’s new leadership put climate change on the agenda and trudeau to attend 

coke scientist who orchestrated research is leaving : via 
chief scientist , who orchestrated obesity research , is leaving 
coca-cola spent $1.5 million last year to support the group coca-cola’s top scientist is stepping down after ... 
coke's chief scientist , who orchestrated obesity research , is leaving 
rt why coca-cola's top scientist is stepping down under a dark cloud . 
cokes chief scientist , who orchestrated obesity research , is leaving 
coke & chief scientist , who orchestrated obesity research , is leaving 
coca-cola funded research to downplay the role of soda in obesity epidemic 
well , well , well . so many surprises in this article . not . 
rt as deceitful as chief scientist , who orchestrated research , is leaving … 
once again coke finds itself in the pockets of the health industry . 
the worst of all a scientist and an academic institution just for money sold their credibility . cokechief is leaving 
it's concerning “ how a major corporation is using a professor to propagate their views . ” -m . jacobson on gebn . 
as deceitful as chief scientist , who orchestrated research , is leaving via 
. aptly points out : " coke’s global energy balance network has been a pr disaster for coke " 
rt sourabhmishra : lessons in how not to manage public relations | coke's chief scientist who orchestrated obesity … 
lessons in how not to manage public relations | coke's chief scientist who orchestrated obesity research , is leaving 
rt coca-cola’s top scientist , who orchestrated obesity research , is leaving 
rt chief scientist , who led obesity research , is leaving . cola giant sat on findings 
rt shame on cocacola for misleading consumers , scientists : via 
shame on for misleading consumers , scientists : via 
sugar good : chief scientist , who orchestrated obesity research , is leaving via 
rt the tide is beginning to turn against the food industry's front groups and their rent-a-scientists . … 
coke chief scientist , who orchestrated obesity research , is leaving 
exchange that tin hat for a carrot stick . strategist for misleading the public re soft drinks steps down . 
. takes a look at the coke's involvement with obesity research . 
rt academia & business can be great public health partners , except when profit is chosen over evidence . … 
rt why you should learn to critique research skewed results & public perceptions https://… 
coke’s chief scientist orchestrated obesity research using tobacco's funding of lies techniques 
coke’s chief science & health officer steps down . coke funded research that downplayed soda’s role in obesity 
coke’s chief scientist , who set up obesity research with huge public conflicts of interest , has resigned 
talks ! tried to downplay in the argument . 

laws struggle to keep up as hoverboards ’ popularity soars 
laws struggle to keep up as hoverboards ' popularity soars 
declared self-balancing " scooters illegal as " motor vehicles that cannot be registered " ? really ? 
so we've given up and actually call these things " hoverboards " now ? 
just like with the bicycle in the 19th c . ; new technology runs into legislation meant for * previous * technology : 
nytimes : laws can’t keep up with hoverboards 
busybodies always trying to shut down new and fun and non-traditional forms of transportation 
california to allow hoverboards in bike lanes , pathways - 
the liberals to ruin everything . people find a way to get around without using gas , and they want to regulate away . 
rt lawyers are always way behind technology , especially in - laws struggle w hoverboards ’ popularity soars https://… 
rt . if laws can't keep up with hoverboards , they certainly won't with autonomous vehicles . 

the 1969 stanford law school yearbook notified readers that joseph 
for carly fiorina , peripatetic childhood helped build worldview 
as the product of s nomadic upbringing myself , i can't understand fiorina's intolerance . 
carly fiorina's family pedigree & worldly upbringing is inconvenient in season of political outsiders & nativists . 
did not know carly fiorina went to ghana international school . accra plays such a oddly sizable role in us history . 

rt sweeping security powers just approved for paris region in a midnight cabinet session . … 
. helps debunk some social media rumors around the 

fiwasa : new york today : new york today : the re ... 
new york today : the real deal 
new york today : the real deal - new york times 
new york today : the real deal thanks 
new york today : the real deal : good morning on this misty friday . the roasted turkeys have gone cold , and the ... 


if you love books , read this story . it's beautiful : a storied bookstore & its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad 
a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave an imprint on islamabad 
what makes saeed book bank in pakistan so special ? rod nordland , author of the lovers ( on sale in january ! ) ,... 
rt a visit to the saeed book bank in islamabad , which displays 200,000 titles , many in english … 
rt books save souls . and bring positive publicity . good to read a fantastic review of a great place to visit --- any day . ht … 
pride spends $500000 annual books from owner can't get visa consular say order online 
rt a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave an imprint on saeed book bank has four m … 
world's greatest bookstore 
beautiful story about one of the world's biggest bookstores- in islamabad 
saeed book bank , islamabad a storied and its late leave an imprint on 
islamabad , the pakistani naypyidaw , has a book store like a dubai gold souk . a story of romance , betrayals ,... 
a and its leave an on what's of a 
in praise of books - and a bookstore & its founder . 
i used to buy all my summer reading books at saeed book bank ( i still do ): “ honestly , chomsky sells here . ” 
rt noam is another popular author in pakistan 
rt for the owner of saeed book bank in islamabad , books are more than just a business . … 
such a heart warming tale . ( also , note to self to read will durant's fallen leaves ) 
a beautiful story about the best bookstore in islamabad . and also how the owner used to let kids steal books . 
more articles about bookstores , more books about bookstores , more bookstores . on a storied islamabad bookshop : 
the history of an amazing book store in islamabad , the saeed book bank 
a storied and its late oracle leave an imprint on islamabad 
how journalism sometimes can become truly art in prose 
one of the most inspiring articles i've ever read . there are so many points of fascination and it's all so moving . 
rt saeed book bank in that displays 200,000 titles , many in english … 
never graduating high school but loving to read , this man opened 1 of the larget bookstores in the world yrs later 
rt lovely story : islamad bookstore where founder " regarded book theft by children as investment in future ” … 
a lovely piece about a wonderful place - many happy hours spent there when i was posted in islamabad 
finally , one positive story about pakistan in foreign media : " a storied bookstore and its late oracle ... " 
rt a storied bookstore & its late oracle leave an imprint on islamabad 

" the holiday movie season in trailers " 
the holiday movie season in trailers 
loading … 
the holiday movie season in physical objects 
for film buffs ... 


rt the cult of the toto toilet 

