pasta with fried lemons and chile flakes 
pasta with fried lemons and chile flakes i am to lazy to cook this . so you can make it 

britain to close its coal-fired power stations by 2025 

at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court 
rt cravefornews at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court … 
rt rt nytimes : at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the … 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 
nytimesarts : rt nytimes : must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . … 

gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 


paris prosecutor describes st. -denis raid and gun battle — via nytimesworld 
" french prosecutor says abdelhamid abaaoud , suspect ... " from the new york times ( 
paris prosecutor describes st. -denis raid & gun battle 
top story : retweets paris prosecutor describes st. -denis ra … see more 

witnesses describe raid in st. -denis via 
the scene at paris raid looks like from john woo's film : gun battling while pigeon flying 
witness describes raid in st. -denis 
security forces swarm paris suburb via 

france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees 
france still planning to accept 30,000 fefugees , hollande says 
this is what doing the right thing looks like 
still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says fantastic attitude ! via nytimesworld 
yes ! france still plans to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
still planning to accept 30,000 hollande says - the new york times oldest 
rt american politicians should draw a lesson from hollande instead of pandering to fear via nytime … 
rt france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
rt “ the people running from iraq and syria are attacked by the very same people who attacked us . ” … 
still plans to take 30k thoroughly to ensure they do not pose a threat 
watch the uppercut . i think this fact alone derails any argument of americans denying access to refugees . 
the french always make the us look bad and we've always made fun of them . here they go again . s/ 
france still planning to accept 30,000 hollande says 
isis , you just lost this battle >>> vive la france ! 
live and learn .. 
. do some research b4 spewing ignorance 
now those are some humanitarian balls . france accepting 30k refugees . can we do more than 10k , ? 
by not giving in to misguided fear , is standing with france . 
vive la refuge : french pres hollande says his country will still accept 30,000 syrian refugees in the next 2 years . 
rt all the american policy makers talking about not accepting syrian refugees - seriously , gfy . 
the moral thing to do . never again . 
still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
ummmmm ( but good news that france will continue to accept refugees ) 
btw even after attacks , france still accepting 30k refugees . here in the us ... only fear . 
they must be super scary people . 
glad to hear innocent refugees won't be penalized for violence committed by the people they are fleeing from 
france will lead by example and take in the 30,000 syrian refugees it said it would before last friday's attack 


racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 
revjjackson : rt nytimes : racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 

to the rescue in 
hehe .. i love this . twitter cats to there rescue . 
rt of all the belgium lockdown twitter cats this may be my favorite . story here : … 
cats ( okay , sometimes dogs , too ) own the internet : to the rescue in brussels lockdown 
twitter to the rescue in lockdown 
clever . 
when asked to stay off of social media , know that the answer is cats . always cats . via 
clearly , belgium is full of geniuses w highly developed senses ( of humor ) 
ok .... it is about cats ... 
we are a resilient species . cat video artists just might be stronger than makers of mayhem . 
. cats to the rescue in brussels during lockdown & terror alert ! 
to the rescue in brussels lockdown - ha ! 
rt to the rescue in 
twitter cats 2 the rescue in brussels lockdown belgians refrain from interfering w/police operations . see that 
some beautiful cat pics in this piece . 
twitter cats conquer brussels ! 
w to the rescue ! brussels takes a humorous approach on via 
this has to be one of the best use cases of twitter ever . 
finally , a good use for twitter . 
police asked belgians not to tweet about police operations . twitter responded with cute cat pictures . 
the police asked belgians not to tweet details of antiterrorism raids over the weekend . the internet responded with furry memes . 

what century-old photos from the sites of the paris attacks tell us about france's capital 

" in mexico , mennonite farmers struggle with water shortage " 
stunning photos from of mennonites in mexico . 
beautiful photos about a world i never knew existed in mexico . " mexico , mennonite farmers struggle w/water shortage " 
rt davidfurstnyt : stunning photos from berehulak of mennonites in mexico . 
incredible photos by daniel berehulak looking at mennonite farmers in mexico 
meanwhile ... underground reservoirs have been drained by thirsty crops , like corn , that are the mainstay of the … 
unknown author teaching things mum can't . 

rt interactive map showing attacks around the world via -- 
is likely responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria 
visualizations | global distribution and timelines of attacks linked to or inspired by isis : 
list of isis atracks 
the inconvenient truth about " containing " isis : 
it's coming to a city near you : 
there are two countries in world which are directly responsible for the murderous butcher's support , and ... 
good graphics show seriously targeted . isis likely responsible for nearly 1,000 deaths outside iraq/syria 
yes but why mostly n meast/n africa rt isis is likely responsible 4nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside 
is likely responsible for nearly 1k civilian deaths outside & as a result of signature brutality 
1,000 civilians killed can ( some indirectly ) be linked to isis 
rt the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 
rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 
rt if isis is behind the it would be a major leap in the group’s abilities . … 
where isis has directed and inspired attacks around the world 
thx for your point of view have u seen post and 
isis said to be responsible for almost 1,000 deaths outside of syria and iraq , 
daesh terror accounts geographically and timewise . interesting summary and trends . 
rt where in the world is isis : a map of directed and inspired attacks . 
rt france is taking action against isil . time for to implement to keep america and our allies safe . ht … 

reviewed after 
" the biggest sporting venues may have to adopt security setups similar to those at airports " 
piece on the of sporting event security after paris terror attacks 
great summary by on the heightened security protocols at sporting events all over the world post-paris 
stadiums , arena security are being reviewed after the paris terror attacks : 
ceo of brc , quoted in today's on stadium security after the paris terror attacks 
patrick j . brosnan , a counter-terrorism analyst and the ceo of brosnan risk consultants , is quoted in todays new ... 
in madrid on saturday , they will even search fans ' sandwiches . on stadium security after paris attacks . 
1,400 private security workers would be used to reinforce a police force of at least 1,000 officers for el clásico 


an early-morning raid north of paris 
an early-morning raid north of paris : the french police conducted a raid in st. -denis aimed at detaining ... 


storm system batters colorado and 
same storm blocked both co residents in the snow and brought tornadoes to tx tuesday 


calls on beijing to stop construction in 
calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea - ny times 
glad to see leaders collaborating 
says must stop south reclamation | 
terror crisis finally some action ! oops ... wrong action obama calls on beijing to stop construction in s china sea 
obama calls on beijing to stop in south china sea | + 
called on to halt its construction on reclaimed islands in the south china sea | 
calls on to stop construction in - 
" sure . happy to oblige ....... sike . " 
meanwhile in - 
" calls on to stop construction in south china sea " 
president obama on wednesday called on china to stop building on contested islands in the south china sea ,... 
nice try , mr. president , but you know perfectly well they're not gonna stop ... 

lost in all of the syrian refugee hysteria is question of why pres . obama is only willing to admit 10,000 refugees . 
it's really depressing to me that the world is just now waking up to what has been going on in syria for years 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks 
rt white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & … 
gop : obama refugee vetting “ doesn’t sound at all robust to me " white house affirms syrian refugee plan 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & humane 


rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

a rallying cry in paris : 
" tous au bistrot ! " “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
yes , yes , yes . " a rallying cry in paris : ' everyone to the bar!' " 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
love this : a rallying cry in paris : everyone to the bar ! via 
good food , wine , friendships , & laughter remind us once again why we do what we do <3 
for my " drink ! " students . a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
“ it will be an act of peaceful resistance ” 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ - the new york times 
one of the many ways that new yorkers and parisians are kindred spirits 
a very act of defiance . — “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : tous au bistrot ~ everyone to the local bar-restaurant ! 
that's the way to do it . " a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar ! " 
i'll drink to that ! 
parisian restaurant owners are calling for a very french act of defiance . tous au bistrot via 
you know the best way to stay alive ? you keep living . rallying call in paris , via 
let's stand in solidarity with these parisians ! get to the bar ! 
" go to a place where you can have a beer , some peanuts , a plate of sausages , anything " 
" “ everyone to the bar ! ” ... ( ... and have a white russian on me ...! ) 


rt after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via 
after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via nytopinion 
" after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via " = f 

details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 
details for bataclan attack found on cellphone in paris trash can … — via 
rt : pls flw a … 
the manhunt for the paris attackers - the new york times 
nytimes : details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 

2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
global islamist terror : two air france flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over phoned bomb threats ... from usa 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over concerns 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over security concerns - new york times 
leia no > 2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over secur … see more 
2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over security concerns - 

rt what china has been building in the south china sea 
rt why build aircraft carriers when you can build islands ? 
rt what has been building in the south china sea 

endangered white rhino nola dies at ... | 
sure , when it is a white rhino , the media cares . 
nola , one of only four known northern white rhinoceroses , died on sunday at the san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left in the world : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left ... blows my mind endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park - new york times 
and then there were three . endangered dies at san diego zoo safari park 
sad side of science -endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zo o-o nly 3 known yet to exist . 
and then there were 3 - devastating 
sad news to hear that the endangered white rhino nola died at safari park 
this is truly sad : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered northern white rhino dies at san diego zoo this weekend . only 3 left in the world 
anf then there were three : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
there are only 3 white rhinos remaining on this planet . endangered white rhino nola dies 
breaks my heart : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
" endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " by liam stack via nyt science 
and then there were three : nola , one of the last white rhinos , died in san diego 
rip dear nola ! you must have been so lonely ... endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
this is what extinction looks like . 
rt awww . then there were 3 : nola , one of the last white died in san diego 
this leaves only 3 white rhinos , poachers would have it at 0 - endangered white rhino dies at san diego zoo 
the last three known northern white rhinoceroses live at the ol pejeta conservancy in kenya , where they roam in a ... 
3 white rhino left on earth ! death at san diego safari park 
3 white rhino left on the earth !! death at san diego safari park 
northern white yesterday there were only four in the world , today there are three . 
one of the last northern white rhinos has died in san diego 
nola was euthanized after her health deteriorated because of an infection , leaving just three known northern white rhinos , which live under armed guard in kenya . 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
nytimes : anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
fr . kevin o'brien , sj , read this letter as part of his homily at the 9 am mass on sunday : 
“ this little boy’s entire life will be an affront to you by being happy and free . for he will not hate you either . ” 
victim’s husband tells terrorists , ‘ i will not give you the gift of hate ’ 
snigdha samal with merl anthony and 2 others . 2 hrs · ' i will not give you the gift of hate!' perfect response ... 
probably helps to include the link . ~ hey , at least i'm still human :-) 
victim's husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
husband tells ‘ i will not give you the of 
courage : " you won't have my hate ... i will play on " not scared not mistrustful not sacrificing liberty for security 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
posted " victim’s husband tells terrorists " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
paris attacks : " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
rt it takes the grace of god to let go & let god ... 

microsoft , once infested with security flaws , does an about-face ( 
sheds reputation as an easy mark for 
the once-flawed has turned its reputation around and cleaned up its act . details from 
microsoft sheds reputation as an easy mark for via 
where we learn that microsoft spends more than $1 billion a year on security-related initiatives : 
impresses even the toughest experts . launches operations center 
rt once infested with flaws , does an about-face 
rt sheds reputation as an easy mark for hackers - 
interesting reading on corporate citizenship 
microsoft is now leading the field in terms of security . a real shift of mentality thus reshaping market perception . 


morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 


where isis claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck , and why via 

looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative recipes a try ! 
thanksgiving recipes - nyt cooking 
all the recipes you need for thursday . 
this site by is beautifully done ! don't mind me .. i'll be home drooling tonight . 
it's a great time to start thinking about thanksgiving recipes ! check out a few cooking tips and tricks here : 
an interactive meal planner for holiday feasts . via 
thanksgiving guide 
how to make potatoes - nyt cooking 
loading … 
yummy recipes for thanksgiving from the new york times ! 
the thanksgiving recipes are up . i feel stuffed just looking at them ! - nyt cooking 
amazing 
let's see if my meal is edible this year . i try and try and try . 
new york times interactive thanksgiving menu planner 🦃 
getting lost in this thanksgiving meal planner feature . everything looks so good . ( maybe b/c it's dinner time rn ) 
our menu planner will help you craft the best thanksgiving for everyone at your table . 
build your go big or go home , i say : thanksgiving recipes 
rt how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . https : … 
what are your upcoming thanksgiving plans ? will you be traveling or will travelers be visiting you in long beach ?... 

rt photos : an early-morning raid north of paris 

u said u wanted to hear about it❗️ challenges you to debate on 
ted cruz challenges president obama to debate on syrian refugees | 
rt ted cruz challenges barack obama : " insult me to my face " … 
rt cruz challenges o to refugee debate ... ' insult me to my face ' ... 
ted cruz challenges president obama to debate on syrian refugees . ' insult me to my face ' 
rt challenges president obama to debate on " insult me to my face " 
ted cruz challenges obama to debate on syrian refugees - first draft . political news , now . - the new york times 
rt you said you wanted 2 hear about it : ted cruz challenges you to debate on syrian refugees … 
rt ted cruz to obama : come at me bro 
obummmer wouldn't debate " mickey mouse " ! 


isis shares an image of the explosive it says brought down a russian jet 



the paris attackers : who were they ? 
prevention of radicalism ; possible only through cooperation w/ muslim immigrants paris attackers : who were they ? 
paris attackers : who were they ? and why do we care abt ppl with shitloads of q's in their shitty names ? 
why would they do this ? painful 2 watch , important 2 know . the attackers the victims : 
who were the attackers in paris ? video . 
rt a snapshot of seven men suspected in the paris attacks . who were they ? by 
who are the paris attackers ? very informative video piece by my colleague 

a doctor explains why he provides abortions in the south 

fake instagram , a chance to be real 
“ life becomes a never-ending junior varsity “ vanity fair ” shoot , ” 
finstagram ! 
have you heard of “ finstagram ” accounts ? 
the secret ' friend zone ' and 
news flash : users discover social interaction on instagram is all bullshit . * yawn * --> 
teenagers trend to fake instagram accounts , ' splintering as self-preservation . ' 
are " finstagrams " a real thing ?? am i really that old that ny times had to tell me what this is ?? 
' for many young people , social media has become a burden , a part of life that must be managed . ' 
using fake instagram to be real . on popularity of nyt graphic more : 
full story : 
can't deal . 
a chance to show the real you on ' finstagram ' , or fake instagram . 
( fake instagram for your real friends ) on the rise in us - a chance to show your real self ?! 
teens , 20s , carefully constructed ' image ' reigns , insincerity trumps reality 
teens are using their fake instagrams to express their " real " selves . we live in a strange world my friends 
fake instagram is freeing for those living photo-shopped lives . 
for many people , social media has become a burden , a part of life that must be managed ... brands need to pay attentio … 
on fake a chance to be real 
rt breaking : the times is on locked social media accounts . 
alter ego culture on the rise apparently 💁🏻 

french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking the public not to publicize the locations 
don't publicize police action on social media , say french police , it impedes operations 
french police ask people not to share locations of nationwide checkpoints they set up : 
🇺🇸 french police set up checkpoints all over france , but asking the public not to publicize the locations ( ny times ) 

how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks 
additional ?! er , primary . " for pfizer there was an additional motivation , lowering its tax rate by moving to dublin " 
the deal between pfizer-allergan biggest in history between pharmaceutical companies ..... 
actually , $4.1 t in 2007 = $4.7 t today , so m&a in 2015 has not eclipsed 2007 
how the $pfe-$agn deal ranks by equity value , no . 3 behind vodafone-mannesmann and aol-time warner , says 
rt $155 billion of pfizer and allergan is the largest of all time 
$155 billion of and is the largest of all time 
with an equity value of $152 billion , the merger is the largest since the heady days of 2000 . 
how the $160 billion pfizer-allergan deal ranks 

when turns itself off 
when tv turns itself off - 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " on tv cancellations : https :/ … 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares ... it matters . even the silly stuff . " 
choice 3 : tv turns itself off as ' art imitates life . ' good idea or should ' the show go on' ? 
why " homeland . " showtime chose to broadcast it despite the terrorist strike in paris . 
' pop culture is how we dream collectively , ' we shouldn't be surprised when extremists attack it via 
after bloodshed , tv can be cathartic , or insensitive 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " … 
rt new : on tragedy , terrorism dramas and why pulp entertainment is not just appropriate but necessary . 
james on why the tendency of tv nets to pull episodes that echo terrorist attacks isn't necessarily good 
should tv networks cancel , postpone or rearrange their schedules in response to terrorist attacks ? 
when terrorists strike , television networks respond , sometimes sensitively and other times perhaps unnecessarily . 
rt great point by 
when broadcast tv self censors … " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares — communal , cathartic ... " 

congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 
congressional democrats cautiously defend refugee program via 
“ we can both welcome desperate , vulnerable families+ensure our own security ” via 

france-england game is a friendly in every sense of the word 
" one of the great joys in soccer is its vocabulary . " 
in light of the tragedy in paris , everyone came together during the france/england game 
op-ed : < /span > explaining terror to children 
last night's france vs . england redefined the meaning of a football ( soccer ) ' friendly ' 
followers that love soccer , this is worth time about the france-england friendly and what it means : 
“ la marseillaise ” during the friendly was uplifting to hear beyond any measure 
game is a in every sense of the word 
this france-england friendly game meant nothing , but nothing felt like everything . 
sometimes a friendly is just that . on england-france , which meant nothing but felt like everything . 
" the players had a duty to show the unstoppable tumble that is being alive . " 
friendly steeped in fraternity . all wembley sings “ la marseillaise ” at france-england match . sniff , 
this // normally , the visiting team’s anthem would be played first ; on this night , “ la marseillaise ” was played last 
france-england game was a friendly in every sense of the word 
lovely match report on a " friendly " between france and england 
lovely , lovely match report on france-england " friendly " 
france receives a friendly embrace in england 


as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality 
my short post on fb's french flag debacle , and how the lebanese flag made it to profile pics without facebook's help 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — vía nytimesworld 
facebook french flag profile picture change erupts inequality discussion via 
damned if you do , damned if you don't! complaints of inequality for french flag filter . via 
thats why i did not change my profile picture as french flag 
as tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
top story : retweets as social media tributes pop up , so do … see more 
social media tributes-complaints of inequality - helping all cries have the option to be heard — via 
why did blatantly ignore and do nothing when warned . 

rt did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? fact-checks him . … 
did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? nytpolitics fact-checks him . … 

storm system batters colorado and texas 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night , nothing felt like everything . 


rt meet the nyt's top commenters . this is an amazing group of humans : 
meet some of our top commenters 
meet some of our top commenters interesting piece ! check it out ! 
rt 1 ) this is so great . 2 ) i want to be larry eisenberg when i grow up . 
chelsea handler's brother is one of the top commenters to 
rt this is cool . the highlights their top commentators 
rt nyt interviewed and photographed some of its top commenters , including the 95-year-old who always comments in poetry ht … 
i hope i’m half as cool as larry eisenberg when i’m 95 : 
rt meet the 95-year-old new york times reader who comments in limericks . 
i love this ! >> meet some of top commenters 
mind-opening just when folks shutting down comments our top commenters 
love this - profiling most prolific commenters : 
a presbyterian minister . an electrical engineer . a science fiction writer . these are some of the most influential … 
rt the internet needs more larry eisenbergs . 
can't wait to read these profiles of some frequent times commenters : 
rt the new york times profiles the new york times ' commenters : 
so great to meet the actual community of nytimes commentators . 
rt basseye : meet the nyt's top commenters . this is an amazing group of humans : 
rt this is so fun . meet the nyt's top commenters . ( i sometimes find the comments more illuminating than stories ) … 
14 people who make us glad to be reading the comments 
a presbyterian minister . an electrical engineer . a science fiction writer . these are some of the most influential contributors to nytimes.com . 

ireland holds its first same-sex marriage ceremony 

rt isis was born out of america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army http … 
in rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame 
this is a good , well thought out article ...... 
rt read this to understand rise of isis but more importantly for understanding how obama just ignored the intelligence ht … 
good summary of and its leaders from inception to present-day 
. the concept was that if you just leave alone , it would destroy itself , & so u didn’t need to do much 
rt dia briefed white house on isis as early as 2012 , obama admin repeatedly ignored warnings … 
rt isis flag found in 2008 — early signal of the group’s rise . my look at the group’s rebirth . … 
clemonster_us : great nytimes article on the rise of & the road to the … 
great article on the rise of & the road to the 
the best historical overview of the rise of isis i have seen , a must read for those who are probing this issue : 
zeer goed artikel over oorsprong daesh , rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame 
rt trying to understand the rise of isis ? great piece by 
new york times on rise of isis : no single missed key but many strands of blame 
in rise of no single missed key but many strands of blame 
a must read about actions , consequences and isis . hopefully we learn from our mistakes going forward . 
rt was born in america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army . https : … 
a good & insightful read ; the rise of " isis " 
rt us soldier found an islamic state banner in iraq in 2008 next to a mass grave of 30 bodies … 
rt excellent piece on the origins of isis , threads that wove themselves into a terrifyingly complex knot . https://… 
an exhaustive profile of isis 
rt ny times reports 2012 dia isis doc 6 months after featured it ! https://… 

rt marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
y esto es lo peligroso " le pen’s anti-islam speech gains influence in france " 
de lo peor ... marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 

coney island : 
the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! the art ! 
" coney island : visions of an american dreamland , 1861-2008 " at brooklyn museum : 
rt excited for this coney island exhibit seems to have some really quirky but interesting art : … 
" there’s still this creative and rebellious spirit there — a kind of edgy magic that i hope is never lost . ” 
coney island is on view in all its wonderful & sinister splendor 
coney island : the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! the - the new york times 
so miss my i went to for the first time in years this summer and had a blast ! 


a husband remembers his wife ; via 
a husband remembers his wife , ‘ merry , with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids ’ 

an 11th-hour detour puts a family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 

rt a woman in was killed when she detonated an explosive vest during a raid , french officials said . … 
a woman hiding out in an apartment in st. -denis was killed when she detonated an explosive vest 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - new york times 
top story : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special fo … see more 
top story : retweets woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by spe … see more 
woman killed in raid after detonating explosive vest - diesel , a 7-yr-old police dog , also killed 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces — via nytimesworld@ 
woman detonates suicide vest in st-denis raid in paris via 
top woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
paris : updates on the terror attacks : paris : updates on the terror attacks ! 
rt woman killed in raid in paris ; three men captured by special forces . live updates : 
woman killed in raid . 5 suspects arrested . 
the raid in st. -denis brought major disruption to residents and commuters 
woman killed in raid via 

telegram messaging app closes public channels used by isis militants 
rt updated : telegram messaging app closes public channels used by isis militants to add re … 
updated : telegram messaging app closes public channels used by isis militants to add response from 
telegram messaging app closes channels used by isis ( 
durov " well aware that isis used the platform " / messaging app closes channels used by isis 
telegram messaging app closes channels used by isis - new york times 
rt telegram messaging app closes channels used by isis 




help wanted : seeks senior editors and a political reporter 
interested in working for 
rt gawker : help wanted : seeks senior editors and a political reporter 
my favorite website is 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ 
" when asked to name his ideal editor-in-chief of denton told the times : , david carr " 
" alex pareene , this month’s editor of " 
re : donald trump , fr . , extend our presidential candidates an invitation . 
site closes chapter on web gossip to focus … 
yo , restructuring is a definitive mixed bag . switch is good , but turning jezebel into pop culture ? boo .. 
is changing its focus 
will gawker’s pivot to politics win over wary ad buyers ? : ’ s newly announced ... by 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ via 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? : vote . via 
" there are no women in denton’s vision of an ideal " woof . 
editor-in-chief : the ideal gawker story should expose meaningful hypocrisy 
is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? | fishbowldc 
gawker to rebrand as political news site : internet gossip pioneer is moving in a new edi ... 
editor-in-chief explains the sites ' politics via 
newstream© : wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or a head-scratcher ? 
will morph into a site focused on politics , its founder and top editor said . 
nytimes : is changing its focus 


anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter wit 
family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
even not discussing criminal history , just glowing " quiet , godly man " angle . compare w/ ferguson . 
family of idaho man says he was " murdered " by police 
and we have shooting incident , so not looking great but still come 
" let’s go see what god created . " 
intersting read that offers alternative but still negative narrative on police-civillian interactions in idaho town 
some of tight-knit dynamics ; interesting piece from on " anger , doubt " after fatal encounter 
annals of idaho : white conservatives also don't like it when their loved ones are shot and killed by the police 
anger and doubt rise after man’s encounter with 
good boy ; dindu nuffin . 
police are shooting good ol ' boys now . wonder if that will change any attitudes ? 
anger and doubt rise after idaho ranch owner's fatal encounter with deputies 
idaho deputies fatally shot a local man and his small western town seeks his justice 
family of man by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man's fatal encounter with deputies - new york times 

need to work a long night pushing your idea forward ? grab another cup of coffee to help you stay up and live longer ! 
tied to lower risk of dying prematurely via 
whoops ! please see this link for the article ( clearly we need to add some caffeine to our afternoon coffee drip ! ) 
rt tied to lower risk of dying prematurely via 
rt more good news about coffee 
new study confirms coffee is good for you . drink ( and eat ) up ! 
coffee tied to lower risk of dying prematurely 
rt coffee story reminds me that more black hair -> less heart attack . let's all dye hair black … 
drink enough coffee , live longer ? 
rt drink coffee , live longer : 
love such science which supports our favorite weaknesses 😊 " more good news about coffee " 
new study on reduced risk of dying from heart disease and other causes . 
rt coffee tied to lower risk of premature death gotta love a good cup of java ! … 
rt 🎶 i'm gonna live forever ! i'm gonna learn how to fly ... high ! 🎶 
we are immortal 
coffee tied to lower risk of premature death gotta love a good cup of java ! via 
one thing less to worry when going away . “ more good news about coffee ” 


eagles of death metal make first statement on paris attacks 
rock and roll will stand . 
\m/ “ love overshadows evil . ” \m/ 
story eagles of death metal make first state … see more 
the band , which was headlining at the bataclan on friday when gunmen stormed the venue , said on f ... via 

diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to the dismay of some 
a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid - the new york times 
a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid — via 
rt more about diesel , the french police dog killed during a counterterrorism raid outside of paris 
rt a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid — 
rest in peace , diesel , hero french dog of st. denis . 
isaranjuez : rt nytimes : diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to … 
nytimes : diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to the dismay of … 

rt husband remembers his wife , " merry , with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids " … 
husband remembers his wife , " merry , with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids " vi … 
nytimes : husband remembers his wife , " merry , with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids " … 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

sepp blatter and michel platini lose fifa appeals and remain suspended 
sepp and michel lose appeals and remain suspended via 
" blatter and platini lose fifa appeals and remain suspended " 
fifa rejects sepp blatter's appeal . maybe he didn't offer enough . you'd think he'd know the going scale for bribes . 
soccer , international federation of association football ( fifa ) , blatter , sepp , platini , michel via nyt 


" thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right " 
they want to see friends . you want to see them . they're becoming adults . you miss your kid . college visits : 
college students coming home for the first time ? it may not be what you expect , but it can still be great ; 
thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality ... or back home ballers 
" i had been a parent for nearly 20 years . if i learned only one thing it was to pick my battles " . 
you send your anxious , excited freshman away in the fall . who's the person walking in the door for winter break ?... 
when your kids ' first college visit isn't exactly how you thought it would be : 
your child & thanksgiving . as with all else , you know your child & family best so do what works for you ... 
newly minted college students , adult in their minds and kids to their parents , are coming home . how to cope : 
with aged kids is tough : here's one parent's outlook . 
parents of college students : read before they get home for thanksgiving via 
fantastic . a must-read . thanksgiving w/ college students : fantasy , reality , & getting it right via 
motherlode blog : thanksgiving , with college … 
motherlode blog : thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality , and ... 
news " thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting … 
new article via motherlode 
" despite months of missing my college kids , it took only minutes for my frustration to surface " at thanksgiving 

the eiffel tower is closed again 
eiffel tower is closed once again - new york times 
it has been confirmed that the eiffel tower is closed due to a bomb threat 
eiffel tower is closed once again — via nytimesworld 
updates on paris . 
" responding to hatred with anger would be to fall to the same ignorance that made you the people you are . " a . leiris 

rt rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 
rt gabisalesv : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had bat … 
rt aigriffin : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had batt … 
“ rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease ” sad day . such a great player 
nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 



ranked ahead of isis for deadliest terror group 
boko haram was responsible for 6664 deaths last year , more than any other terrorist group in the world , including is 
ny times newtop story : boko haram ranked ahead of isis for deadliest terror gro … see more 
rt our bias against africa . boko haram kills more people last year than isis ; what are we doing about it ? … 
rt boko haram , not isis , is the world's deadliest terrorist group 

rt fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : … 
fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : via 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader 
✍ fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader via 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader : in his lawsuit , bradley f . podliska contends ... 
via nyt > middle east 
benghazi committee investigator sues over his firing 
former benghazi committee investigator for republicans sues over his dismissal 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee … 
a former investigator for republicans on the benghazi committee is suing the panel and its leader 
in his lawsuit , bradley f . podliska contends that the house select committee on benghazi and its chairman , trey gowdy , illegally fired and defamed him . 


" how amazon’s long game yielded a retail juggernaut " 
rt how amazon’s long game yielded a retail juggernaut 
how amazon’s long game yielded a juggernaut 
how yielded a retail juggernaut 
you need faith in your idea but be open to changing trends . great piece on amazon by in 
how amazon's long game resulted in a retail juggernaut > < 
rt wow ! by 2020 , " conservatively " , amazon will have 50% of us households signed up for prime ! … 
rt it is predicted that by 2020 , 50 percent of american households will have joined prime . stunning . … 
how long game yielded a juggernaut 
amazon . how huge and dominant will they someday be ? 
how my favorite company did it and does it . 
how long game yielded a retail juggernaut 
rt how amazon’s long game yielded a juggernaut 
mt wow ! by 2020 , " conservatively " , amazon will have 50% of us households signed up for prime ! 
amazon - has hit a market cap of usd 310 billion . its reaping the benefits of truly thinking long term . 
amazon web services 
will amazon prime have 50% of the us population as subscribers by 2020 ? 
happy holiday season ! quinn records tm top-10 song chart for friday november 20 , 2015 is posted … 
this juggernaut is difficult to stop !. an excellent read . 
by 2020 amazon will have 50% of us households signed up for prime vía 

inside the gould memorial library , a dazzling building in need of a facelift . photos 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
your date/model . let's go somewhere exotic & try new things . book ... 
very useful timeline from nytimes . 
top story : retweets where isis claims it has struck , and wh … see more 
where claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck since october 3 , and why 
russell goldman and karen yourish teaching things mum can't . 

targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs 
“ patients have been demonstrably harmed or may have been harmed by tests that did not meet f.d.a. requirements " 
f.d.a. targets inaccurate and unreliable medical tests , citing dangers and costs 
fda targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs 
no oversight for laboratory-developed tests means they are inaccurate & dangerous : 
science ! 
more on the congressional hearing from the nyt 
dr's shouldn't prescribe statins based only on genetic tests . problem in treatment , not test 
good lab tests always have false positives . should be cheap enough to do twice . 
targets inaccurate tests , citing dangers and costs me : need regulation for 
have not seen the original report - but accuracy concerns have strong implications on 
rt unwarranted abortions , surgeries , unneeded drugs , higher medical spending . on the costs of faulty med tests ht … 
inaccurate medical tests are prompting abortions , promoting unneeded surgeries and raising medical costs , fda says 
with the use of tests booming , the administration wants new regulatory powers , and even republicans in congress are looking at stricter standards . 


“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 

finding the links among the paris attackers 
nbcinvestigates : rt nytimes : finding the links among the paris attackers 
finding the links among the paris attackers via 

“ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race 
rt nytimes : “ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race … 

in many markets , renewal is not an option 
in many obamacare markets , renewal is not an option - 
why and assistance is essential in 
in many obamacare markets , renewal is not an option via 
rt in many obamacare markets , renewal is not an option - 
interesting read .... 
rt nytimes-getting a plan from c o-o p running at a loss is a " bargain " -in many obamacare markets , renewal not an option https : … 
in obamacare markets , renewal is not an option cost up 25% + in corpus christi via 
rt if you like the plan you were required to buy after we canceled the plan you liked , you can't keep it . 
dem health scheme plans disappear 
rt nyt : surprise ! you can't keep your plan again this year ! 
nyt maps discuss interesting facts of affordability , renewals , and via 
in many of the obamacare markets , renewal is not an option 


if gluten is something you tend to avoid , has a couple of delicious flour-free desserts you’ll love . 
gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 
thnks 2 4 thanksgiving desserts from me & 
rt now i know what to do with my chestnut flour and bag of cranberries . thanks https : … 
bless for chocolate chestnut cake & cranberry curd tart recipes via & 
a couple ideas for gluten-free desserts fro upcoming holiday . 
( if not guilt-free ) desserts 
( and maybe not guilt-free ! ) thanksgiving desserts : via 
nut flours are key to indulgent , gluten-free desserts 

marine le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
not before time and being sagged of as racist etc . 
le front national is going to make huge gains in france ... and not for the better . 
wonder how that'll play out in france w/ marine le pen's message gaining traction & upcoming election 
who didn't see this coming ? exactly what those thugs wanted : le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
marine le pen's anti-islam message gains influence in france - 
terrifying : marine le pen's gaining more of an audience post- 
history repeating itself ? 
you think she stopped by the elysee palace to measure for curtains ? le pen v hollande in 2017 ?... 
marine le pen’s anti-islam message in france don't get caught up in the political selfserving propaganda . 
unsurprising , but very troubling + counter-productive : le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
... and this is an understatement , i'm sure 
no , the national front party : 
" this repeated connection — immigration equals islamism & terrorism — is playing powerfully in the minds of voters . " 

the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 

is changing its focus 

with tv viewing changing , networks take longer to drop shows . 
delayed viewing means tv shows are now being axed later . 
networks now take longer to drop shows due to ratings , cancellation costs , binge-viewing 
networks today are hesitant to drop shows with much of television viewing changed . 
the abc drama “ wicked city ” was the first show of the new television season , now nine weeks deep , to get the ax . ind … 
cbs web technologies 
rt notes on why there's only been one cancelation in network tv this season 
with tv changing , networks take longer to drop shows . maybe they're waiting for c+30 ? 


a rallying cry in paris : " everyone to the bar ! " 
a rallying cry in paris : “ everyone to the bar ! ” 

rt the united nations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins - the new york times - 
a rare night out ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins — via 
dear friend of dear friends of mine . full of ' joie de vivre ! " , love , life & sunshine . no words suffice .. rip pierro 


one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers 
one french parent to his son , “ they may have guns , but we have flowers ” 
motherlode blog : one parent , on paris : they might have guns , 
" i wasn't going to write " talking paris with kids " until i saw how beautifully this dad handled it : " 
some of us help . some bring flowers . some can't help but bring their fear . talking paris w/ kids 
they have guns . we have flowers . talking to kids at different ages about paris : 
a little boy and his father converse about the paris attacks . what happens at the end is really sweet ... 
seriously dad of the year- you must see this : via 
a precious conversation : " they might have guns , but we have flowers " 
how do we talk to our kids about paris ? via 
look for the helpers , appreciate the flowers , and don’t let fear stop you . ❤ ️ 
this is a great article for us parents trying to find the right words when talking to our kids in times of tragedy . 
in the wake of tragedy : " don’t let fear stop you from being the person you want to be when the worst happens " 

rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 


cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - - 
cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says us still want syrianregime change 
cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating isis , kerry says 
cease-fire and a political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , john kerry says . 
cease-fire and a political transition in crucial to defeating says . 
visiting france , kerry vows ' greater pressure ' on isis 
cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating says 
visiting france , kerry vows ‘ greater pressure ’ on isis 
sec . kerry states there will be more pressure on isis , from the world community 
. urges ceasefire - cease-fire & political transition in crucial to defeating kerry says 
yes , but what of pol future of irq ? " kerry : ceasefire & political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis " 
kerry says a cease-fire & political transition in syria crucial to defeat isis 
and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - new york times 
when love to come . cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating is ... 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
if you were wondering about lsu grad he sees himself more as a malcolm not martin 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

ta-nehisi coates wins national book award : 
bravo to fellow on his award ! 
rt congratulations to the national book award winners . 
rt ta-nehisi coates = national book award thank you for writing a beautiful , important and timely no … 
adding to other honors bestowed upon him this year , has won the what a year ! 
rt well deserved 
rt many congrats to for his national book award . check it out from our cafe collection today ! … 
wins national book award . so well deserved !!! 
congratulations to this brave author ! wins national book award 
rt congrats to fellow on his award ! 
rt don delillo , always in character 
rt congrats to on winning the national book award ! 
“ between the world and me ” fellow ta-nehisi coates ' study being a black man in us wins nat'l book award . 
rt pleased that ta-nehisi coates won the award : a genuinely essential read in this pl … 
rt ta-nehisi coates wins 
one can completely empathize with african americans while rejecting ta-nehisi coates way of thinking 
congratulations to ta-nehisi coates for winning the national book award for his book " between the world and me " . 
did you catch this ? two black writers have won national book awards , ta-nehisi coates for non-fiction and robin ... 

french return to cafes in a show of defiance . 
what better way to declare the endurance of france than to live it up at a cafe , writes 
paris returns to life as normal -new york times 
rt french return to cafes and bistrots in a show of resolute determination … 
" still , they are french , and defiance seems to course through their veins " yep , that's exactly that ! 
the french are resilient . you can't keep them out of cafés ! 
rt french return to cafes in defiance via 
how terrorism fails 
rt france : " we will not let the terrorists win " america : " internment camps worked out , right ? " … 

who passes ‘ commander in chief test’ ? • obama was born a shiite muslim . his " christian " pastor is a converted muslim ! 
reupping this from yesterday : how 2016 may mirror 2004 on national security 
after paris , who passes the ‘ commander in chief test’ ? 
leaving the democratic party after this election . fed up . 
social event stops : after area , who passes the ' physical object in chief problem solving' ? 
we may not want to politicize tragedies , but tragedies have political outcomes all the same . 

for france , an alliance against isis may be easier said than done 
rt and so far efforts to form an alliance with russia against isis have moved haltingly htt … 
. on how makes money . it’s basically a diversified portfolio of terror . 
“ except for france and the united states , at this point no one thinks going after isis is the first priority . ” 
too little too late ? open to cooperate with 
except for us & france , no one thinks going after isis is the first priority , says via 
with authoritarian-sympathizing involved , everything’s easier said than done . 
what are we willing to give up to build a coalition against is ? via 
france’s plan to create a comprehensive coalition against isis may be “ easier said than done . ” 
. on in talk the talk of being part of solution , walk the walk of being part of problem 
for france , an alliance against may be easier said than done 
rt by attacking france and russia , the islamic state has brought the u.s. , russia and france into closer alliance . … 
alliance against isis may be easier said than done , via 
a coalition of the unwilling ? 
rt “ except for and the united states (?) , at this point no one thinks going after is the first priority ” https : … 
for an alliance against may be easier said than done 
the united states and russia have been drawn together against isis by the paris attacks , but disagreements between … 
the shifting world order on syria 
for an against isis may be easier said than done , & 
rt if wants alliance , should conduct its military ops . this way most europeans can play & they should . https : … 

" this new nyc building " makes the case for why architecture matters " " 

germany-netherlands match canceled over security concerns 
germany-netherlands soccer match canceled over security concerns 
germany cancels soccer match with netherlands 
ah nevermind , seems like it was just a " suspicious object " twitter messing with us . 
germany-netherlands match canceled , evidence of plans to detonate an explosive device in the stadium : 
germany cancels match with the netherlands over security concerns - - 
police chief says there was serious threat to city and stadium , including plan for explosion . 


rt beautiful ender in today's pictures of the day slideshow 
pictures of the day : france and elsewhere 
rt women worshiped the setting sun while celebrating a hindu festival in mumbai . more photos https :/ … 
a migrant boy with a thermal blanket on the shore of the greek island of lesbos 
photos of the day 


aung san suu kyi sounds a provocative note the next hurdle for burma democracy is to keep the lady a true democrat 
rt seth mydans , long-time southeast asia hand , returns to the pages of the nyt for a profile of aung san suu kyi . https … 
long a of sounds a provocative note 
aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of dignified defiance 
new york times - usa - a defiant voice sounds a bolder note in myanmar - 
does respect for law include fidelity to a military-imposed constitution ? 
a symbol of dignified sounds provocative 
why tell us what she was wearing on her first day in parliament ?? 
aung san suu kyi , on the cusp of power , is sounding imperious . what kind of leader is she ? 
interesting insights to the leadership style of by 
aung san suu kyi wins " so far the military has been gracious in defeat , which stuns many burmese 
aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of sounds a provocative note 
burma's democracy icon , on the cusp of power , sounds provocative . how she will govern ? 
so happy to read the words of in again . his smart take on aung san suu kyi's rise in myanmar : 
aung san suu kyi , " the future is hers to shape . " by via 
a symbol of defiance , aung san suu kyi’s victory sets democracy example to asian neighbours 


a return to living . a show of unity . france receives a friendly embrace in england 


paul ryan calls for halt to syrian refugee program 
republicans call 4 halt 2 syrian refugeeprogram ( and many democrats joined them , here's why ? ) 
i’ve joined a bipartisan group of legislators in calling for a suspension of the syrian refugee program . 
republicans call for halt to syrian ... | 
also tuesday , two senators announced a push for a formal authorization of military force agains .. 
rt house speaker paul ryan calls 4 halting syrian refugee program . it's now officially on the republican platform … 
to reject refugees is as bad as 1930s when us rejected jews fleeing saying they were communist spies 
republicans call for halt to human program - new york times 
us house pressures obama to kill refugee plan 

a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
can't always blame people for being sick . mta should better inform passengers what to do when they're feeling ill 
the ~ greatest city on earth ~ deserves way better than the inept and ancient mta mafia 
guys ! sometimes nyc subway riders get sick , causing delays , which annoys other new yorkers , and the times is on it . 
sick passengers causing nyc subway delays jump to 3,000 a month , from just 1,800 in 2012 : 
insightful tale of the mta's proverbial sick passenger , w/ transit-beat-mandated kicker . 
‘ sick passenger ’ : a phrase that subway riders hate 
this morning 
nyc subway risks . “ it just doesn’t make sense to delay thousands of people over one sick passenger . ” 
i once elected to throw up on platform at w 4th rather than be a much loathed " sick passenger " 
our nyc subway ads got a little face time in this piece about the increasing sick delays :: 
we've all cursed those " sick passenger " delays on the nyc subway . here's what's really going on : 
rt these are the words no new york subway rider wants to hear . 
" sick passenger " train delays have nearly doubled since 2012 
rt “ if you got sick , would you want someone to step over you & say : i’m late to get to macy’s ? ” … 
why can't they be just taken off the train until help arrives ? a hated phrase : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
" i'm late to get to macy's " is the most new york times reason to be annoyed on a train delayed by a sick passenger 
a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ' sick passenger ' - new york times 
. on what's up with " sick passenger " delays on the subway : 
this is really a great week for stories about the subway . via and 
nyc subway workers are instructed to announce a suicide on the tracks as a " police investigation " 
" sick passengers " are causing more delays than ever on but do we know what exactly is going on ? 
yes , there have been more subway delays because of sick passengers , discovers 
sick passengers have accounted for about 3,000 train delays each month this year in nyc 
" sick passenger " : a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more often 
ill passengers have accounted for about 3,000 train delays each month this year in new york , up from about 1,800 per month in 2012 , according to the metropolitan transportation authority . 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 

judge orders frozen embryos destroyed 
rt california judge orders frozen embryos destroyed 
feminist caterwauling in 3 , 2 , 1 … 
california judge orders frozen embryos of divorced couple destroyed 
when lose the right to have children in divorce cases , it regresses our cause too far back 
" california judge orders frozen destroyed , " as ex-husband wins challenge against ex-wife's right . 

u.s. offers $5 million reward for senior isis figure 

experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo 
rt bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo : 
" the photograph alone cannot establish that the isis accomplished any of this " 
bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo — via 
was it wise of to give everone helpful instructions for making isis depiction of a soda can bomb operable ? 
on the isis soda-can bomb photo — via 
bomb experts analyze the soda-can bomb photo 
bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo - the new york times ambienteod this is all it takes . 
information about the bomb that isis claims took down the russian plane - tav 
the photo of the purported can-bomb that isis claims it put on the russian jet " could be calculated misinformation " 
bomb experts analyze the isis " soda can " device . short summary : easy to build , not very sophisticated . 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb ph … see more 
interesting read on the opinion of bomb experts on the schweppes gold device 
bomb experts analyse the soda-can bomb photo . 

your wednesday briefing 
" your wednesday briefing " by adeel hassan via nyt nyt now via 

is suspected after explosion in kills 32 
last tues , an explosion in a nigerian city killed 32 people . 
mark zuckerberg should change the facebook icon to the nigerian flag 
the beat goes on and on 
is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
boko haram is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
rt is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
terrorist attack in nigerian marketplace claims 32 innocent lives - boko haram is suspected , read more here : 
former natsec adviser for nigeria accused of stealing $2 billion that was supposed to be for fighting boko haram 
rt rt hey are you going to declare war on boko haram too ? 
boko haram , gop governors suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
boko haram suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
shared a link 
another attack . evidence for thesis that displaced rebels/terrorists likelier to target civilians 

sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 
nytimes : sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 

pursues new pathways of engaging people for change 
one slogan , many methods : black lives matter enters politics 
rt john eligon's story good to share w/those who mistakenly generalize about a complex movement . https :/ … 
one slogan , many methods : black matter enters 
good piece 
people staying in the struggle ... all day e'ry day ! 
one slogan , many methods : enters politics 
is healthier with , " one slogan , many methods : enters 
one slogan , many methods : lives matter enters politics 
beyond amazed and excited by the power of 
good analysis on which is putting pressure on both political parties 
i'm curious to see how black lives matter and other black liberation activists react to this report from 
how about black power brutality via black panthers ? note panther hand sign . 
does this mean whites or asian can do this also ? 
black lives matter enters politics -- will be fascinating to see how activists shape 2016 election 
one slogan , many methods : good nyt piece on types of advocacy under umbrella : 

pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel 
"" by unknown author via nyt 
start thanksgiving off right with this pumpkin bread recipe 



what china has been building in the south china sea 
i hope one , or more , of the islands have an exclusive resort . i bet the night sky is awesome there ! 
reef to island in less than a year : china has been building in south china sea . 
concerning destruction of reefs for island expansion in the south china sea ... 
one way to destroy a coral reef in the progress name by china 
china is converting entire reefs to islands in just one year . yet , we can't finish velachery-taramani link road 
what has been building in the south china sea ? 
very interesting time lapse of what china is building in the south china sea & why it's bad for us/china relations : 


paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syrian refugees into the u.s. 

on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
12 . blog entry : bernie sanders , 2003-2011 american iraq war , conflict inappropriateness : sanders takes cue from dean 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " by patrick healy via 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " by patrick healy via nyt 
on invading sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
smart piece contrasting sanders and dean on invading iraq and ousting hussein . 
on invading learns from howard dean's mistakes 
on invading iraq , bernie answers katie couric with vivid context & clear common sense . true foreign policy prowess ! 
first draft : on invading bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
first draft : on invading iraq , bernie sanders … 
rt just say no : on invading takes a cue from 2016 … 

reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect - new york times -- = 
rt reports of gunfire in suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect — via 



mourners reflected in the bullet-pierced glass of le carillon in paris on tuesday 


topping studies with a dollop of athletics at the culinary institute of america 
raw talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of a 
interesting look at college athletics at the culinary institute of america : 
like cooking & sports ? offers intercollegiate sports & it's ok to miss a game for work . 
enjoyed the sports feature . we're loving your taste in locker room art 
at " team practices do not start until 9 p.m. , after the second shift of cooking classes ends " 
. athletics featured in nov . 18 edition of the 
culinary institute of america was the quintessential nonsports school . it had ... a club called the fromage friends . 
but could cia beat alabama ? 
so you thought the sports teams at the culinary institute of america were a bunch of cream puffs ? 
on that note , here's a cool story by on sports teams at the culinary institute of america : 
who knew the cia had hoops ?? “ we want to set ourselves apart from other culinary school options ; we do have that ... 
topping studies with a dollop of at the of america 
the culinary institute of america is building a college sports program , but classes come first . “ home of the steels ” 
great piece on our neighbors up the road by : raw talent and college sports mix at cia 
the fightin ' foodies ! 
the culinary institute of america has sports teams ?? 
rt . on america's most unlikey college athletics program : the one at the culinary institute of america https … 
yes , culinary institute of america has an athletic department : 
ny times : raw talent and college sports mix at 
interesting read raw talent & college sports mix at culinary institute of america 
concession stand must be good talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of america 
at culinary institute , sports are a entity ware 
raw talent and college mix at culinary institute of america- nyt 
" a steel , as any chef knows but most college basketball fans do not , is a tool for sharpening knives . " 
our awesome athletes and our growing athletic program were featured in the new york times !... 

guinea : last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
rt nubia 1st baby to survive ebola having been born to infected mother … 
last patient receiving active ebola treatment had to post twice bc seriously this article is everything ! 👏🏻👏🏻 
celebrating baby nubia , possibly the ebola epidemic's last patient 
remember the last " keep ' em out of our state ! " scare ? 
guinea , last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 

electing to ignore the poorest of the poor ... 
" by believing the poor are not exerting enough effort , we allow ourselves not to care . " 
thinking about deep , intractable poverty via 
rt out of sight , out of mind . “ we know startlingly little about life at the bottom of society , ” notes matthew desmond … 
rt believing the poor aren't exerting enough effort lets us ignore that almost 16m live in extreme poverty < $8.60 /day . http … 
rt 16 million americans live on $8.60 or less a day . 
ignoring the persistently poor 
rt in the us there's the deserving poor and the undeserving poor . we get to ignore those . my column 
no other advanced nation tolerates this depth of deprivation . must read us ignores poorest of poor 
the beginnings of a bipartisan approach to deep poverty , by eduardo porter 
in the campaign both parties ignore the americans who need their attention most : the deeply , persistently poor . 
rt good read by touching on a lot of issues book raises about living in extreme poverty https://… 
rt almost 16 million americans live on some $8.60 a day or less . the latest column from … 
rt no other advanced nation tolerates this kind of deprivation of its citizens : read : via the new york … 
politics and policy changes in government assistance programs are leaving behind the people that need them most . 
reminds us of the work that orgs like client do to help the poor , esp at thanksgiving 
this trend makes private philanthropy to fill the gap even more important 

rt another tribute to matthieu by " a father with the ‘ charisma to be the lead singer " … 
in paris , mourning a father with the " charisma to be the lead singer " 
another tribute to matthieu by " a father with the ‘ charisma to be the lead singer " via 
top story : retweets mourning a father with the ‘ charisma to … see more 
top mourning a father with the ‘ charisma to be the lead singer ’ - the ne … see more 

rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attacks … 
police say target of raids was belgian suspect 
the paris prosecutor’s office said that the target of raids in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis was ... 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing … 
rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the at … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attac … 
points : police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , th … 

why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 
nytimes : why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 

prayers for maxime : looks like i had a distant relative among the victims of the paris attacks , 
maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the bataclan concert hall 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan massacre 
remember maxime bouffard — via 
points : maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the batac … 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan mas … — via 

a call for compassion ... 
refugees across europe fear repercussions from 
top story : retweets refugees across europe fear repercussio … see more 
refugees fear repercussions isis responsible but who funds/enables isis and supports refugee hate ? 
rt across europe fear repercussions from they flee same or actually much wors … 
across europe fear repercussions from they flee same or actually much worse violence 
refugees across fear repercussions from paris attacks : after fleeing their homeland … 
ny times : refugees across fear repercussions from paris attacks 
after in fear growing suspicion of their hosts and hostility on the 

nyt coverage ... jonah lomu ; rugby superstar melded power and speed 
:: jonah lomu , rugby superstar , dies at 40 
jonah lomu , 40 , dies ; rugby superstar melded power and speed 
we had a lovely evening last night at the shop in together with friends from and ... 
jonah lomu , one of rugby's greatest players , dies at 40 - new york times 
jonah lomu's obituary in the new york times . 
nyt explains rugby ' object is to advance the ball across a goal line , w the most points given when it is run across ' 
ny times : superstar , dies at 40 
" ... a sprinter’s speed that , in such a big man , seemed unfair . " jonah lomu explained , by & for americans . 

rt after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via nytopinion 

an african king in 
rt a simple , humble african king in bolivia 
from randall's page 
" ... to the king ! " 
features communities that are home to approximately 2% of uac-cp students . 
this modest monarch can trace his lineage to west africa , where his ancestor prince uchicho was enslaved in 1820 . 
lost royalty ? 
how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia via 
new article in nytimes about the afro-bolivian king , julio pinedo ... 
just across from the touristic village of coroico , lives one of the remaining african kings !... 
rt jamesestrin : a simple , humble african king in bolivia nytimesphoto 

what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis 
boingboing : rt nytimes : what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis … 

in , a literary tour explores rich history 
a tour of explores rich history 
in iceland , a literary tour explores rich history 
iceland , a country of story-tellers , with an almost 100% literacy rate 
icelanders , a nation of storytellers . nice piece by 
iceland has more books read per person than any other country ... 
a literary tour in iceland , where a culture of storytelling seems to be the source of their greatest national pride : 
in iceland , literary tour explores rich history one of the traits that made isl the most magical place i've visited 
in from 
rt in from 
fantastic article on the literary scene in iceland : a nation of readers and writers . 
in entity , a literary human action explores rich history 
a tour of iceland's rich novels and folklore . ( book nerd vacation goals . ) via 

photos of the day 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 

to retool as 
to retool as politics site 
rt gawker will retool as a politics site ahead of the 2016 election . 
here's to hoping investigative journalism will be a part of that retool . that is what the marketplace needs 
rt stick a fork in gawker , it's done . i expect nick denton's mocha boytoy to rape him in divorce court soon : … 
rt gawker is going to become a politics site : 
. to retool as site by 
i'm not sure if i'm sad or excited that is retooling as a political site . 
gawker's rebooting as a political site , shifting celeb/pop culture news to jezebel , & folding io9 into gizmodo 
rt as gawker and its " journalists " enter their death spiral , we can only hope they take jezebel with them . … 
i love this take on the evolution of blogs 
gawker will now focus on " political news , commentary and satire " inspired by crew p 
gawker is changing focus as part of a broad revamping , will now cover politics , not media 
. to " ride the circus of the 2016 campaign cycle to reorient [ to ] political [ content ] " 
we can help pay off debt . $1.6 billion in loans were issued through prosper in 2014 . peer-to-peer loans through pro … 
gawker going purely political .... 


for market debut , square scales back valuation by $3 billion - 
what is driving the private & public valuation arbitrage ? 
rt square prices its i.p.o. at $9 : the price of $9 a share is below the marketed range , a sign that the party for ... … 
rt all this valuation/ratchet talk ! the entire dilution is $87m , or 3% . it's really nbd . … 
for its i.p.o. , square scales back valuation by $3 billion 
for its scales back by $3 billion 
current unicorn valuations create ipo overhang for two decades 
happy holiday season ! quinn records tm top-10 song chart for friday november 20 , 2015 is posted … 
" square " scales back says ... 
for its ipo , square scales back valuation by $3 billion 
for market debut , square scales back valuation by billion - new york times 
for its i.p.o. , scales back valuation by $3 billion 
for its scales back valuation by $3 billion 
whatever the share price , today's ipo is a big day for and and their plans : 
square's ipo on the nyse was $3-billion less than its valuation last year - via 
square prices its ipo at $9 ; do you guys anticipate buying any shares ? 
weakening ipo market for tech : square prices its i.p.o. at $9 
top news square prices its i.p.o. at $9 , lower than hoped see more 
top story : square prices its i.p.o. at $9 , lower than hoped see more 
update : square prices its i.p.o. at $9 , lower than hoped see more 
. scales back ipo to $3b , opens on nyse at $11.20 per share : via 
for its i.p.o. , stock priced at $9 , will it be $5 by christmas ? 
a market correction for valuing " unicorns ? " square ipo's at $9/share , less than $11-13 sought 
hope is not a strategy , real companies make money . square scales back valuation by $3 billion 
double bummer : 1 ) downsized round 2 ) below filing range . here's hoping post ipo trading goes well . 
from nytimes : for its square scales back by $3 billion : … 
square " only " got a $2.9 b valuation . for perspective : same valuation as bank of hawaii , founded-1897 . square-2009 . 

what travelers can expect in 
what can expect in 
great advice for your clients ! 
let's go to paris ! soon ! 
our thoughts are with paris and its people . here's some good info if you're planning a trip to paris . 
the best thing can do to help is to keep visiting paris and not be scared away . 
" the single best thing travelers can do to help is to stay in paris and to keep coming to the country . " 
how can tourists help ? : " stay in and to keep coming to the country " via 
in the aftermath of the attacks in the new york times has compiled useful information about what to ... 
“ the french need support now more than ever & want to return to normal life . ... not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
message to tourists : “ the french need support now more than ever , & leaving or not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
here is a rundown on how hotels , airlines and cultural sites are accommodating travelers to paris 
also i wish i could give blood , but as a cancer survivor i believe i'm not allowed .... 
here is some helpful advice from the for anyone travelling to 
great article 

rt a look at the altered images , bogus tweets and odd theories that spread across the internet after the paris attacks https : … 
paris attacks give rise to fakes and misinformation 
text book example on the misleading uses of the social media in emergencies . 
" people will share anything online in order to share something online . " 
when everyone has a voice , you're going to hear a lot of rubbish : paris attacks give rise to fakes & misinformation 
paris attacks gave rise to fakes and misinformation 
rt fascinating read about misinformation in the aftermath of tragedies . 
rumors , fake tweets , and a selfie of a canadian mistaken for a terrorist : beware of misinformation after big events 
not surprising : give rise to fakes and misinformation shared via social media via 
la razón's fake terrorist front page makes it into the new york times : 
give rise to fakes and misinformation , including mainstream media 
paris attacks give rise to misinfo 
read when terror strikes , count on new york times spending its resources debunking and not investigating conspiracy . 
this is undeniably true that on the internet , there is always something surprises you yet it's fake . 
give rise to and | via by 

security forces swarmed a paris suburb during an early-morning raid 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 
charlie sheen : i paid blackmailers $10 million to keep quiet about my hiv . 
" “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen in an interview with matt lauer " 

. will end in december : via how sad ! i've been to some of these tapings . 
it was delicious ! after 22 seasons , e ! will bid farewell as celebrates its final season in december 
the soup will end in december -i haven't watched it in ages . yet , i'm still sad . 
‘ the soup ’ will end in december 
nyt : "‘ the soup ’ will end in december " by jeremy egner . 
"‘ the soup ’ will end in december " by egner 
" the soup " will end in december as the second commenter wrote , nooooooooo ! 
& soup & will end in december 
rt rt : ‘ the soup ’ will end in december after 22 seasons 
awful news ! e!'s is ending ! 
wtf ?! first letterman , then stewart , now this ? anyone need a dvr ? mine will no longer be of much use in my apartment 
be the snarky commentary on bad tv that you want to see in the world 
artsbeat | ' the soup ' will end in december - new york times ( blog ) 

" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable & , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable , as a strategy , misguided " 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable and misguided " 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " … 
confusing w terrorists = morally unacceptable + as a strategy , misguided " 
confusing w terrorists is morally unacceptable & misguided perception " 
rt icymi , an editorial in the after paris attacks , vilifying 
rt confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and strategically misguided 

" why i provide abortions " 
rt why i provide abortions many very beautiful , compassionate comments here , some literally making me … 
rt for health professionals like dr. willie parker , providing care is also about compassion for women : … 
" i want for women what i want for myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determination " dr. willie parker 
why i provide abortions : a public health perspective 
dr. willie j . parker : why i provide abortions 
ob-gyn provides abortions in south because de facto bans deny self-determination , dignity , opportunity to thrive 
laws that restrict access to abortion do nothing to make it safer , only less accessible . - dr. wille parker 
rt abortion provider willie parker is doing the lord's work . let him tell you why : 
as shabbat approaches & we reflect on the week , we express gratitude to dr. parker 
rt " we who provide abortions do so because our patients need us . " ~ dr. willie j . parker ❤ ︎ 
" .. women face harsh life circumstances & incessant hostility , merely for wanting to exercise their rights " 
rt after a morning of helping students learn about abortion , this article rings especially true : … 
thank you , dr. willie parker ! = human rights 
rt why dr. parker is an abortion provider : " because i can ... because if i don’t , who will ? " … 
as this doc brags of his " compassion " for women , you'll find his sole mention of a child in paragraph 11 . 
rt inspired & strengthened by dr. willie parker's commitment to women's health . https … 
" i want 4 women what i want 4 myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determin8n & opprtnity 2 excel & contribute . " 
rt " i want for women what i want for myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determination & the opportunity to excel . " … 
rt we know that when women have access to and medically accurate ... 
think of every woman in your life in this situation . 

facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials said 
live coverage | german soccer match was canceled over ' concrete ' threat ... - new york times 
a soccer match between and the was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat : 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , official … 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials s … 
points : a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled becau … 

your tuesday briefing 
your tuesday briefing - the new york times 
start your day with : " your via 
your briefing 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

rt results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” - 30 hit mainly outskirts … 
strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results . 
rt 2 . and if not , then are they hitting civilians/accepting more risk of that ? or empty land/bldgs , bombing for show ? https :/ … 
rt 1 . so if us can give france 10s of short-notice isis targets w/o killing civilians , why weren't they hit before ? … 
this article on french aviation strikes re raqqa by is on the money 
it seems the are faking the bombing campaign . strikes on raqqa in lead to more questions than results 
“ thank god , no civilians died , ” he said . from 
rt bombing for show ? us , syria , jordan , russia , now france : need revenge on isis ? drop a few bombs on raqqa ! syria https://… 
strikes on in lead to more questions than results 
strikes on raqqa in lead to more questions than results - more " security theater " ... 
french bombing missions strike nothing but empty buildings . lol ! 
on in lead to more than 
" why , if there's is targets that could be hit w/o killing civilians , weren't they hit long ago ? what was being hit ? " 
rt before every brit wets themselves in excitement over bombing isis in syria , it seems french airstrikes are for show . … 
why , if there were targets that could be hit without killing civilians , were they not hit long ago ? 
strikes on raqqa in syria " targeting abandoned empty locations 

rt charlie sheen's hiv status : cs says he paid mllions t keep it quiet puzzlng : have we moved on s/ ' … 
rt isn't it time to get serious about wiping out so no one has to be tized ? 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep it secret 
rt we hope . announcement finally quiets tabloids . should not be stigmatized ! 
hopes others with hiv+ status feel less shame . we must do everything we can to reduce the 
rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 
retweeted rituparna chatterjee ( incredibly tragic that an hiv positive celebrity had to keep his ... 
rt incredibly tragic that an hiv positive celebrity had to keep his condition under wrap and had to pay blackmailers … 
*** breaking news *** donald trump announced today , he has picked his running mate : charlie sheen ! winning !!! 󾌲󾌲󾌲 ... 
secrets can never be hidden . one day or the other they get exposed . 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret 
hello , my name is yvonne redmond . why is this such a big story ? people have been diagnosed with hiv for years . has t … 
we can help pay off debt . $1.6 billion in loans were issued through prosper in 2014 . peer-to-peer loans through pro … 
sad but not surprising given his lifestyle 
check out charlie sheen's interview on the today show this morning as he unveils secrets . 
commcore ceo speaks about the charlie sheen interview . 
rt sheen paid millions to keep hiv secret - like we'd be shocked to know drug use , prostitutes had led to bad things http … 
the actor said he had known about the diagnosis for about four years but did not know how he contracted the virus . a … 
rt charlie sheen says he has hiv and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret … 
rt charlie sheen said he paid people “ into the millions ” to stay quiet about his hiv diagnosis ht … 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " seriously ? sorry to say , but you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " really , mr. sheen ? you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
rt charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep his diagnosis secret 
charlie sheen's hiv status : cs says he paid mllions t keep it quiet puzzlng : have we moved on s/ ' 80s ? 
rt he felt like he needed to keep it a secret . we can end stigma together ! 
actor charlie sheen has confirmed that he is hiv positive : 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 

awakening to a raid upstairs , and explosions - new york times : abc newsawakening to a raid upstairs , and explo ... 

" experts explain how global powers can smash isil " via 
experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
. talking about how to defeat isis , laughably out of his depth . how about some expert opinions : 
one of the more reasoned analyses of syria , is and possible responses . 
envisioning how global powers can smash isis 
rt an absolute must-read on a1 tomorrow about where isis came from , what it wants , and how to destroy it : … 
to unify to stop evil isis 
rt public has to see muslims as part of the solution to isis . https :/ … 
“ isis thrives on the failures of middle eastern governments , ” 
an ultimate defeat of the isis cannot happen without a reformation within islam 
experts explain how global powers can defeat isis 
best explainers yet on rise , and next questions , by 
rt more muslims debating islam could help counter - see but are muslim publics ready ? https :/ … 
how to beat 
much of the world agrees that the islamic state needs to be crushed : discussion : " how global powers can smash isis " 
isis , isil or daesh has proved to be as flexible and amoebalike as it is apocalyptic and brutal 
so , the " solution " to isis post-paris is same as before : removing assad , a counterweight to isis . makes sense right ? 
“ there is probably no solution to isis until there is a solution to assad ” 
pretty in-depth ( helpful for the layman ) overview of the isis problem . 
rt " to beat isis , you need the enlistment of the sunni forces that won’t happen as long as assad remains in power . " … 
experts explain how can smash isis 

isis shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet 
isis shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet : via 
rt in its magazine , is shows picture of what it claims is the type of schweppes soda can they used as an ied on plane https :/ … 
what's going on ny ? isis shares image of explosive it says brought down … get found -> 
rt isis brags about explosive that brought down russian jet 
“ it was a rash decision of arrogance from russia , ” the article says . “ and so after having discovered a way to ... 
isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian jet 
daesh claims this was the bomb that destroyed russian commercial passenger jet via 
shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet — 
the ied says its militants used to take down the russian metrojet over egypt : 
isis shows off bomb it says downed russian jet 
rt isis photo of what they say is the ied that brought down the russian plane in the sinai : https :/ … 
shares image of it says brought down jet 
unbelievable ! check out the improvised explosive device used to bring down a russian airliner over the sinai ... 
how do y'all kno all of this i don't get it man smh 
shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet - the new york times 
and now you know why banned liquids . 
scary !!!! - 
isis shares image of soda-can explosive it says brought down russian jet — via 
isis shows off bomb it says brought down jet 
whaaa ? that queazy feeling when the internets are being used by : isis sharing image of bomb on its on line magazine ! 
the manhunt for the paris attackers - the new york times - 
top story : retweets isis shares image of explosive that it … see more 
isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian … — via 
looks like clock boy has been at it again ... 
most surprising part of this is that isis has a " glossy online propaganda magazine " called dabiq : 

first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
world briefing | europe ; ireland : first gay marriage is held 
congrats to cormac gollogly & richard dowling , first couple to legally marry ! 
" ireland’s first same-sex marriage ceremony was held tuesday in county tipperary after the new marriage ... 
top story : retweets first same-sex marriage ceremony held i … see more 
first marriage held in 
marriage dreams coming true on the 
voters approved - here is the 1st ceremony . 
rt first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
first same-sex marriage in ireland today ! 
douglas dalby teaching things mum can't . 
lots of things are terrible , but this is not . the first same-sex marriage in ireland : 
first same-sex marriage ceremony in ireland 
[ josh and skinner sit down . ] josh , the language doesn't prohibit same-sex marriage . josh of course it does . 

how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 
points : angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had … 

rt bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo 

nyt now : live updates on the terror attacks investigation 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of d … — via 
charlie hebdo : “ screw them . we have champagne . ” 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of defiance 
live updates on the terror attacks investigation – via 
how do folks feel about charlie hebdo's cover ? is it bold ? insensitive ? both ? i want to say both . 
les inrockuptibles , charlie hebdo and others remain defiant against extremism 
ahh i love the french so much . " they have weapons . screw them , we have champagne ! " 
. on the latest charlie hebdo cover , and the message of defiance in french media after 
cover junkie 

randall munroe explains it all for us 
what would happen if a pitcher threw a baseball at 90% the speed of light ? 
rt randall munroe's fans include bill gates and neil gaiman . his new book is " thing explainer . " http … 
" [ audience ] expanded .. to include mainstream readers who are curious about how stuff works " 
randall munroe , former nasa roboticist and creator of xkcd , explains it all for us 
how does randall munroe explain it all ? procrastination helps . fun profile of best-selling cartoonist 
randall munroe from explains it all for us 
if you can’t explain something simply , you don’t really understand it - bill gates 
rare 
weird , i always thought xkcd creator randall munroe's stick figures were self-portraits 
randall munroe , a former nasa roboticist turned web cartoonist , explains it all for us 
in “ thing explainer , ” mr. munroe , a former nasa roboticist turned cartoonist , describes scientific concepts using the most basic english . 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 

7 bryant park embraces its place in the 
this piece on 7 bryant park in manhattan is great , has me thinking about buildings playing off spaces in seattle . 
hmm . / last week / this week 
7 bryant park embraces its place in city •go to for a great website with wise advice on life 
7 bryant park .... the newest office gem built thanks to the revival of bryant park 
two conclusions from this article : i need to visit 7 bryant park , and i need to read whatever harry cobb has written 

pop music might change , but adele doesn't . reviews her new album " 25 . " " 
pop music might change , but adele doesn't . joncaramanica reviews her new album " 25 . " 

" blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in rugby " 
rip ' a freight train in ballet shoes ' , jonah lomu 
" a freight train in ballet shoes " great tribute to jonah 
" size and speed , jonah set new template in 
ny times : blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in 
rugby lost a trailblazer when jonah lomu fell to kidney disease today at 40 . kia ora , mate . 
rt daniellancaste8 : rt kiisplay : nytimes sport : rugby : blending size and speed , jonah lom … 

quote of the day 

isis women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
how three women became members of isis ' morality police [ via 
women in syria recount forced marriage , brutality , anguish and escape -a harrowing read - brave journalism 
a compelling , factual and very informative tale , to help gauge the rationale if any and driving force behind the cho … 
rt powerful accounts of three women who've watched life in raqqa utterly change under jihadist control : 
wow . a look inside the tough choices women have to make in isis-occupied areas 
rt fascinating story about the mundane transition of three normal syrian girls into isis enforcers in raqqa … 
3 excellent articles on isis and women : 2 ) sobering nyt piece on the experience of two women stuck in syria . 
and enforcers in recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
what's happening in syria sounds too similar to the rise of the nazi party in the 1930s 
women's role in isis is one i struggle to comprehend provides this insightful recounting of some who escaped 
how to live in an islamic state , or be whipped or die . 
these young women's experiences with daesh constitute the counter narrative . 
such an account by real women . reminds us that these are three dimensional ppl . 
rt how three women survived the islamic state , and then escaped . 
an awesome story of 3 women working as khansa brigade members in isis . their previous lives , marriage & final escape 
very interesting article about isis . 
put away your dystopian novels - reality is worse : isis women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration 
" too much blood has been spilled on all sides " : a story of women who were the enforcers of isis 
what do you think ? 
have a read of this before you tune into channel4 at 9.00 pm this evening 
barbaric , uncivilized & inhumane 
these women were morality police 
powerful accounts of three women who have seen life in change under jihadist control : 
isis women in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
rt great piece - 3 women who defected from in recount their collaboration , anguish and escape : … 
rt inside isis : great revelatory piece .. dont miss it : 
they smoked shisha and stayed out late . they went to the beach . then they became isis wives . 
three young women who fled to southern turkey recalled their experiences as members of the islamic state morality police in raqqa , syria . 

on campus : stories from new york times readers 
interesting compilation of stories of racism on college campuses across the u.s. 
on campus : stories from readers . 
students from colleges across the us share their stories of on campus 
rt racism on campus : " last semester a makeshift noose was hung on my campus at the student center . " 
rt racism on campus : i had less of overt but masses of microaggressions so totally related to thes … 
racism on campus : i had less of overt but masses of microaggressions so totally related to these in 
as a student i am glad this made such an impact on campuses across the us . 
a rough read , but will it persuade white readers that racism is a problem ? racism on campus : stories fr nyt readers 
rt nytimes reports on racial hate crime on campus -- a pocahottie costume . 

what will it take to destroy isis ? experts from around the world weigh in . 

a side serving of science for your next birthday party 
nytscience : rt jimgorman : a side serving of science for your next birthday party 
james gorman jimgorman : a side serving of science for your next birthday party 
a side serving of for your next birthday party thanks 
this is fun and educational a side serving of science for your next birthday party 
watching popping balloons with a high = speed camera : 
how balloons pop via 
high-speed video taken of a bursting balloon indicate that the orbs have two modes of popping . 

belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbeek 
top story : retweets police raid house in troubled brussels … see more 
top police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - the new york t … see more 
police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - new york times 
- police raid house in troubled neighborhood — 
points : belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbe … 

rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , according to his advisers 

bold move by ahead of paris talks : kill by 2025 . 
uk taking big step to reduce ghgs : calls for closing of coal-fired power plants by 2025 
britain calls for closing of coal-fired power plants by 2025 
rt amazing . great britain plans on closing all coal-fired plants by 2025 . 
icymi : uk calls for closure of all coal-fired power plants by 2025 
good news from the uk . i hope that with tony abott gone our government can now realize there is no future for coal . 
rt britain is planning on closing all its plants by 2025 . 
good news for the britain calls for end of coal-fired powerplants 
thank whomever 
rt another nail in the coffin : britain plans to close all of its power plants by 2025 … 
10 years ... its over , fossil fuels . now ! 
happy holiday season ! quinn records tm top-10 song chart for friday november 20 , 2015 is posted … 
with apologies to both queens : another one bites the dust ? britain's call to close coal-fired plants by 2025 
britain to close coal-fired power plants by 2025 
" london — the british government on wednesday called for the closing of all coal-fired power plants in the ... 
britain plans end to coal power by 2025 
the move , announced in advance of the united nations conference on climate change set to open in paris on nov . 30 , a … 
" if you're serious about climate change the first thing to do is get out of coal . " britain calls to shut coal plants 

director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages is crucial 
the terrorist attacks in paris may have changed the politics on both encryption and a range of .. 
law enforcement needs ability to read encrypted messages from smartphones despite moves by apple , google & facebook 
wants 
rt exploiting paris attack , fbi director repeats call demand to read encrypted messages ( still no evidence it was used ) https : … 
never waste a good crypto crisis 
the is renewing its argument for agency access to encrypted information : via 
cybersecurity : f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages is … 
director repeats message - " the ability to read encrypted messages is crucial " 
with mobile encryption keys no longer held by suppliers , many data transmissions remain inaccessible to the law . 
fbi isn't asking for laws to create backdoors . it's just saying it needs to break encryption or the sky will fall . 
typical - destroy everyone's rights b/c a rare few abuse them . " fbi director : reading encrypted messages is crucial " 
retweeted glenn greenwald ( exploiting paris attack , fbi director repeats call demand to read ... 
rt the f.b.i. director repeats the call that the ability to read encrypted messages is crucial . https … 
top story : f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages … see more 
ny times politics newtop story : f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to re … see more 
f.b.i. director james comey repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages is crucial via 
the fbi director is pushing for authority to read encrypted messages , the last bastion of privacy 
the director repeats call that ability to read messages is crucial 
world 
f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to read messages is crucial 

the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
interesting article in light off last weeks events ... 
the indelible intertwining of paris life+its urban fabric+how this contributes to its resilience : via 
a lovely piece by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life via 
great piece on the resilience of life in cheers from 
former muse educator & historian of on street life & how it will endure : 
the uncommon resilience of paris street life : 
the streetlife of the blocks where the paris attacks took place is resilient : they were as busy 100yrs ago as today 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
100-yr-old postcards of paris terror sites show same streets & storefronts , treasured because so inviting 
" people still go out b/c going out is something that paris invites us to do . " fantastic piece via 
rt wonderful article by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life 
it is good to know after the paris attacks that life will continue as it has for more than a century in the ... 
paris invites you 2 " explore , take wrong turns , fall in love , protest & have a drink in the same places others have " 

abaaoud's own family wanted him dead father mourns 13-yr-old son , abducted to syria by brother abaaoud . 
an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead . 
rt first thing to know about abdelhamid abaaoud , target of this morning's paris raid : his own family wants him dead . https : … 
notable fact about paris attacker from policy perspective is his links to movement in libya and not just syria 
abaaoud's own family wanted him dead he flunked out of upscale school , turned to petty crime , drugs , then 
rt isis militant his own family wanted him dead by andrew higgins & 
here's the article pegging his education as catholic school boy's rather than an islamic school : 
rt the chief suspect in the paris attacks was wanted dead by his own family . 
another good read on this : 
when the family of abdelhamid abaaoud received word from syria last fall that he had been killed fighting for the ... 
rt 1st thing to know about abaaoud , mastermind of his own family want him dead . ht … 
“ we are praying that abdelhamid really is dead , ” 
“ we are praying that abdelhamid really be dead ” - yasmina said 
“ i can’t take it anymore , ” omar abaaoud told local reporters at the time . “ i am on medication ” 
an islamic filth holy warrior from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
more on abdelhamid abaaoud , whose own family wanted him dead 
rt the leader of the lived a pretty cushy life . he wasn't poor , uneducated , aggrieved etc … 
rt 1/2 nyt reporting on paris attacks plotter abdelhamid abaaoud's links with al-battar battalion in syria . … 
doesn't matter what country they're from . islamic terrorist born in brussls are really 
isis mastermind studied in an exclusively catholic school and was a notorious drinker at his local bar 
rt isis militant whose own family wanted him dead deeply reported & a great read htt … 
rt sadly , not all " syrian refugees " are good people . 
' we are praying that abdelhamid really is dead . ' the isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt social networks , not communities , are often key in radicalizing and empowering those who carry out http … 
think isis = islam ? i give you the mastermind of the paris attacks ... a two bit thug whose own family despises him . 

charlie hebdo's latest cover offers a message of defiance 


isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " 
rt isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " … 

rt this 3-week-old girl is the last known ebola patient in active treatment in the world … 

review : adele holds firm on ‘ 25 , ’ even as pop shifts . 
rt everyone makes mistakes , everyone has those days . 
rt excellent nyt correction , via 
rt correction of the day 
cheers to new album ! brb locked in my room all weekend listening to 
correction of the daaaaaaay . 
update for -the correction has been amended ! 
adele holds firm on ' 25 ' even as pop shifts 
have you listened to yet ? says is " at her savviest . " read : 
correction : adele sings “ hello from the other siiiiiide … ” ; “ hello from the outsiiiiiide ” appears later … via 
best correction ever . cc : 
review : adele holds firm , even as pop shifts 
the homie reviewed ' 25 ' album for the he used some big words , but i think he liked 
absence has a way of ossifying an idea and amplifying a legend 
rt best correction ever ? 
do better ! @ nyt 😉 
rt adele’s “ 25 ” has one transcendent , face-melting song , a bunch of good ones , and one by tobias jesso jr. … 
correcting the record , one belted lyric at a time 
the correction that ran w/ the review of " 25 " hit all the right notes ! 
i love that is not embarrassed to correct mistakes . 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
“ i know it’s pathetic , but this was one of the things that allowed me to try to keep some hope , ” he said . 
escaping the bataclan with a bloodied drumstick — via 

we’re living longer . that’s great , except for social security . 
by the numbers : we’re living longer . that’s great , excep 
wrt longevity , problems w/ are tip of iceberg what about household balance sheets ? 
. on how can accommodate more americans retiring but living longer lives 
this is an interesting look at what social security is facing , with some solutions that need to be considered . 
here is an interesting look at where we are and what we can do to fix the problem social security is facing . 
we live longer . that's great , except for social security : fix ss by taking more money in & sending less out ( nyt ) 
we’re living longer . that’s great , except for via 
despite the political challenges , fixing social security is rather simple : take more money in , send less money out … 
not sexy , but can't be ignored in any election cycle . 
we're living longer . that's great , except for social security . 
social security tinkering to make it work for our grandkids . 
by the numbers : we’re longer . that’s great , except for 


with reductions in screening , fewer cases are being diagnosed . what does it mean for public health ? 
will soon be sharing selfies of my mustache . in the meantime , men's health from 
early cases fall along with screening 
early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening 
trouble with screening is 3 false positive psa for every cancer . so most cx of severe sepsis in those without cancer 
early prostate cases fall along with screening 
fewer men are getting screened for finds via 
psa isn't perfect but we can be smarter about using it , vanderbilt's david penson tells 
studies show that fewer men are being screened for prostate cancer : 
rt has the pendulum swung too far with reduced … 
studies find declines in screening and early detection of prostate cancer 
“ fewer men are being screened for prostate cancer , and fewer early-stage cases are being detected , according to two … 
according to two recent studies published in the journal of the american medical association , fewer men are being ... 
rt studies find prostate screening , early detection declines . 220k new cases expected in ' 15 https : … 
how can we lower the cost of medical care ? screen fewer men for prostate cancer , and discover fewer cases . brilliant 
here's exactly why men should be screened for prostate cancer - early detection ! 
. reports : fewer men screened for prostate and fewer early-stage cases detected . 
early cancer cases fall along with 
rt studies find declines in screening and early detection of via - 
dave penson gives great interview in nyt on prostate cancer screening 
rt fewer men get screened for prostate cancer , and fewer cases are being found . is this good or bad ? time will tell . https : … 
“ with psa testing , we often detect cancers that don’t need to be treated " prostate advice put in doubt by new study 

the band eagles of death metal makes a statement on the paris attacks . read it in full : 
nuff said ⚡ 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
" heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid " fails 
rt french police raid targets mastermind … 
french police raid targets mastermind 🇫🇷 

2 die as french police seek paris attacks suspect ; 7 arrested in raid - new york time 
rt breaking news : two people died in a raid near paris , including one who blew herself up , and the police arrested 7 … 
police conduct raid near paris in search for planner of atta 
france unsure if raid killed top suspe ... 
rt breaking news : french police , seeking the planner of friday’s attacks , arrested 5 people in a raid 
the assault began before dawn at a decrepit squat 
rt " france unsure if raid killed top suspect ... " 
great account of yesterday's events in paris from though it's now confirmed the terror kingpin is dead 
police arrest 5 near paris ; woman detonates explosive vest 
414 raids across the country over the past 3 nights ? we might poke fun at the french , but they don't mess around ... 
neither abdelhamid abaaoud nor salah abdeslam were among those arrested by the french police 
unsure if raid killed top in 
rt “ they did not dare to go to the police ” our most powerful weapon in this fight is a r'ship of trust w/ the community h … 
top story : retweets police conduct raid near paris in searc … see more 
" i am not able to give you the definitive number & identities of the people who were killed . ” abaaoud likely dead 
paris on edge as questions remain about suspect’s fate ... 
so two days ago we didn't know whether ʿabbūd was in europe or syria . now we don't know if we killed him or not . 
rt like typical opportunistic power-grabbing tyrant , hollande wants sweeping new authority 2 restrict citizens ' liberty ht … 
nytimes 2015 11 19 world europe paris attacks 
rt woman in explosive vest among 3 killed in police raid ... 
french don't know if they got mastermind yet . 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 
rt . abdelhamidabaaoud , isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 



engineering mosquitoes ’ genes to resist 
gene drive technology could eliminate malaria : pnas open-access paper : 
a big story if easy to overlook , w/ cause for hope ( may wipe out malaria ) & trepidation ( uses crispr to do it ) 
understatement du jour ? gmo mosquito " biologists are keen to avoid surprises that might arouse public hostility " 
" engineering mosquitoes ' genes to resist malaria " 
engineering genes to resist 
biologists have created a mosquito that can't spread malaria 
two teams of biologists have created a novel breed of mosquito with modified genes in hopes of eradicating the disease . 

. helps debunk some social media rumors around the 
so to be clear : none of the 5 paris attackers identified so far is syrian . … … 
de blasio , police commissioner tell nyc to ignore isis video that hints at manhattan attacks 
french prosecutor confirms abdelhamid abaaoud was killed in raid . live blog : 
updates on the 
paris attacks : live updates vía 
what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 
an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead - the new york times 
live coverage : paris attacks 
rt : : updates on the 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
we should not give the gift of hate via 
nytimesworld : updates on the 
the raid is over , but residents are advised to stay put . see all updates on our live blog : 
eddie 

nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 
nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus via nytimes 
nytimes : nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 

bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo 

rt if you agree : refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 
international relations stories u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned … see more 
u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats ’ 
" many are fleeing extremism and terrorism – from the very people associated with the paris attacks . " 
it breaks my heart that the even has to make this statement : " refugees should not be scapegoats , " via 
live coverage | un agency says refugees should not be turned into ' scapegoats ' - new york times 
refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats’! unhcr statement says it all : 

the new york times via digg 
foiling electronic snoops in email 
a review of the options available to keep companies from tracking you in email : 
another technology arms race : email tracking . can be used for good or evil or just plain creepy . 
" by some estimates , trackers are now used in as much as 60 percent of all sent emails . " 
grouping entity : foiling electronic organisms in communicating 
abstraction attribute : foiling electronic living things in abstract entity 
thanks for the heads up re email trackers been planning to review my email subs - will expedite that ! 
after reading this article on email tracking , i changed my settings . 
foiling the electronic snoops in your email : 
“ practically every marketing email now contains some form of a tracker . ” 
stopping snoops on 
security , security . email snoops beware ! 

totally missed this story ! he was such a poor candidate , it was amazing he stayed in as long as he did ! 
race 
rt . quits presidential race via na na hey hey kiss him goodbye ! … 
finally is out of the race !! he says “ this is not my time ” .. obviously ! 
unemployed village idiot bobby jindal quits republican race 
: well , looks like in the long-run kong trump has shaken another one off the log , see ya , wouldn't wanna be ya !... 
might be an unpopular view but if we're talking lesser of evils in the gop race , jindal was one . 
not his time , i agree . 
if it's ever bobby jindal's time it will be my time to leave the country 
bobby jindal quits repub presidential race wrecking ball bobby throws in the towel ... and leaves the demolition site 
jindal asked his supporters to move to mike huckabee . that should move mike to double digits ... 17 total supporters ... 
piyush , what took you so long ? quits republican presidential race 
famous last words : " we spent a lot of time developing detailed policy papers . " ( louisiana governor bobby jindal ) 
rt race 
“ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time , ” - drops out via 
now what am i supposed to do with all of these red and green " jindal all the way ! " sweaters ? 
rt days before the vitter-edwards vote , jindal drops out 

our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
rt rt nytimes : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of … 
rt our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
points : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feas … 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate " there is hope 

brussels sprouts sliders 
loving the sound of these . easily made to be friendly . 
brussels sprouts sliders recipe 
for the vegans at the thanksgiving table .... these look good to me ! 
an interesting dish with brussels sprouts .. 
this is a new take on brussel sprouts . i have a stalk full of them in my fridge sourced locally . i can make these ... 
interesting and very healthy sliders recipe .... 
i love brussels sprouts and these sliders look yummy . 

what travelers can expect in paris 

diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in st. -denis 
rt nytimes : diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in st. -denis 
rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in the french national police said . … 
heroes come in all shapes and sizes . thank you for your bravery , diesel . 
this just destroys me , zero respect for any life . send isis to hell . via nytimesworld 
diesel , police dog , killed in raid on terrorists , which may included female suicide bomber 
rt a police dog named diesel died in st. -denis raid 
rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in https … 

love brussels sprouts ? we have an idea for you . 

something happened in network tv that's almost unheard-of these days : a show got canceled . 

rt the cult of the toto toilet 
i never felt so clean ! mt the cult of the toto toilet 
" the cult of the toto toilet " think you can relate . 
the cult of the toto toilet via 
nytimes : the cult of the toto toilet 

rt two of ben carson's top advisers say he's struggling to grasp foreign policy 
we can't be experts in everything . i can't perform brain surgery , but i wouldn't attempt it . 

