pasta with fried lemons and chile flakes 

britain to close its coal-fired power stations by 2025 

at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court 
rt cravefornews at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court … 
rt rt nytimes : at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the … 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 
nytimesarts : rt nytimes : must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . … 

gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 
nytimes : gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 

" french prosecutor says abdelhamid abaaoud , suspect ... " from the new york times ( 
paris prosecutor describes st. -denis raid & gun battle 
top story : retweets paris prosecutor describes st. -denis ra … see more 

the scene at paris raid looks like from john woo's film : gun battling while pigeon flying 
witnesses describe raid in st. -denis via 
witness describes raid in st. -denis 
security forces swarm paris suburb via 

live and learn .. 
“ the people running from iraq and syria are attacked by the very same people who attacked us . ” 
. thank you for choosing empathy ... france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees 
rt american politicians should draw a lesson from hollande instead of pandering to fear via nytime … 
. do some research b4 spewing ignorance 
france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says 
now those are some humanitarian balls . france accepting 30k refugees . can we do more than 10k , ? 
still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — compassion is courage ! via 
by not giving in to misguided fear , is standing with france . 
vive la refuge : french pres hollande says his country will still accept 30,000 syrian refugees in the next 2 years . 
all the american policy makers talking about not accepting syrian refugees - seriously , gfy . 
the moral thing to do . never again . 
france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees [ -- us to continue to look stupid to everyone else ] 
make of this what you will : france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , 
ummmmm ( but good news that france will continue to accept refugees ) 
btw even after attacks , france still accepting 30k refugees . here in the us ... only fear . 
they must be super scary people . 
hollande says france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees 
glad to hear innocent refugees won't be penalized for violence committed by the people they are fleeing from 
france will lead by example and take in the 30,000 syrian refugees it said it would before last friday's attack 
france will keep its promise to take in 30,000 refugees over the next 2 years , president françois hollande says ht … 
france not a ' fraidy cat .. will take in 30,000 syrian refugees as promised . 
france will still accept syrian refugees : 
france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
france - france ! - showing more openness to refugees than u.s. repub governors via 
just shows the compassion , not close minded ! france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees via 
the french are cool ! rt ~ despite attacks … france still plans to accept 30,000 from iraq . 
let governors see this ! 
despite attacks in paris , france still plans to accept 30,000 refugees from syria , iraq . 

new york officials say to ignore new isis video threatening city — via 
new isis video threatens nyc . ignore , says 
nytmetro : rt andylocal : new isis video threatens nyc . ignore , says billdeblasio 
new york officials say to ignore a new isis video that threatens new york city 

racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 
revjjackson : rt nytimes : racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 

what century-old photos from the sites of the paris attacks tell us about france's capital 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january 
rt france is taking action against isil . time for to implement to keep america and our allies safe . ht … 
rt the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 
is likely responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria 
thx for your point of view have u seen post and 
at least 24 countries have been the host of attacks by , or inspired by isis . this , i believe , is , and will be ... 
attacks around the world . 
rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 
the tragedy in paris is just one of many isis attacks on innocent civilians . has a timeline worth reading : 
isis responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria- updated for paris attacks ( via 
rt quoted in article on isis and their " trilogy of terror " iraq/syria , their wilayats , & now capable cells … 

what will it take to destroy isis ? experts from around the world weigh in . 

arena security reviewed after paris terror attacks 
arena security reviewed after paris terror attacks : officials face the challenge of trying to ke ... 
nyt- arena security reviewed after paris terror attacks : officials face the challenge of trying to keep events ... 
arena security reviewed after paris terror attacks via 
arena security reviewed after paris terror attacks - new york times 
nytimes sport : arena security reviewed after paris terror attacks : officials face the challenge of trying to k ... 
arena security reviewed after paris terror attacks - police officers on patrol outside barclays center in brook ... 
the terrorist attack near the stade de france has made sports officials around the world feel newly vulnerable 
officials face the challenge of trying to keep events safe , despite , at times , lacking information . 

abdelhamid abaaoud was already wanted for a terrorist plot that was foiled in january . the fren .. 
call to arms in france amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack , official says - new york times 
rt false reports of gunfire during vigil highlights the anxiety in paris . more news here : … 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspects 
rt belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack 
raid brussels area in search for terror suspect 
french version of usa patriot act “ … called on monday for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists . " 
the world salutes the french victims but nothing on the russian victims of the plane : double standard ... 
rt next you'll tell me this man isn't really belgian https : … 
rt it is critical that " war " on does not subvert democracy or become a crusade against muslims . … 
paris attacks plotted by belgian who fought for isis , french officials say 
so this sounds like the setup to something like l'acte de patriote 
nyt : president hollande calls for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists at home , 
on-the-run paris suspect salah abdeslam was stopped by the french police on saturday but was let go when his paper … 
hacker news - french president hollande seeks to amend constitution 
hollande seeks new legislation that would create more flexibility for combating 
" our democracy has prevailed over much more formidable opponents than these cowardly assassins , " mr. hollande ,... 
call to arms in amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspect in 
rt president hollande vows revocation of french citizenship for dual nationals convicted of terrorism http … 
abaaoud was already a suspect in a failed jan plot in belgium & aug plot 2 shoot passengers on paris-brussels train 
the mastermind leader of the paris attack was not syrian or middle eastern but belgian ! 
holland calls 4 new powers after paris attacks lets show isis whos boss by giving up our rights 
d'you suppose hollande will call it the " patriot act " , too ? " mr. hollande called for quick action by parliament ... 
rt if we continue to follow us & france foreign policy to absurdity , they should be bombing raqqa , brussels & chartres . ht … 
" france is at war . " -- president hollande . 
" terrorism will not destroy the republic , because it is the republic that will destroy it . " dat juxtaposition doe . 
french government turns up the heat on isis . what are the " exceptional " measures here ? civil liberties in trouble ? 
thoughts ? 
fr pres calls for const amendments that would give the gov flexibility to conduct raids without a warrant 
president hollande , what you are requesting is a slippery slope sir . 
hollande calls for new powers to ‘ eradicate ’ isis after paris attacks 
hollande calls for constitutional amendments to enable fight against terror . 
since when is changing the constitution to enable a police state not giving in to terror ? nyt-call to arms in france 
call to arms in france amid manhunt hollande seeks to amend constitution 
policing in america changed forever after 9/11 . the legislation france seeks for greater surveillance is frightening 
if getting to know incoming refugees was the solution , then it stands to reason that one's refugee family members ... 
police raids in france and belgium seek paris attack suspects 

an early-morning raid north of paris 
an early-morning raid north of paris : the french police conducted a raid in st. -denis aimed at detaining ... 

is changing its focus 
nytimes : is changing its focus 

storm system batters colorado and texas - - 
same storm blocked both co residents in the snow and brought tornadoes to tx tuesday 

rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , according to his advisers 

obama calls on beijing to stop construction in 
calls on to stop construction in - 
rt obama calls on beijing to stop construction in 
" sure . happy to oblige ....... sike . " 
meanwhile in - 
" calls on to stop construction in south china sea " 
president obama on wednesday called on china to stop building on contested islands in the south china sea ,... 
nice try , mr. president , but you know perfectly well they're not gonna stop ... 
john cusack calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea 

rt white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & … 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks 
it's really depressing to me that the world is just now waking up to what has been going on in syria for years 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks - new york times 
gop : obama refugee vetting “ doesn’t sound at all robust to me " white house affirms syrian refugee plan 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & humane 
white house affirms refugee plan despite paris attacks 
via nyt > middle east 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

" tous au bistrot ! " “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
love this : a rallying cry in paris : everyone to the bar ! via 
good food , wine , friendships , & laughter remind us once again why we do what we do <3 
for my " drink ! " students . a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
“ it will be an act of peaceful resistance ” 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ - the new york times 
one of the many ways that new yorkers and parisians are kindred spirits 
a very act of defiance . — “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : tous au bistrot ~ everyone to the local bar-restaurant ! 
that's the way to do it . " a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar ! " 
i'll drink to that ! 
parisian restaurant owners are calling for a very french act of defiance . tous au bistrot via 
you know the best way to stay alive ? you keep living . rallying call in paris , via 
let's stand in solidarity with these parisians ! get to the bar ! 
" go to a place where you can have a beer , some peanuts , a plate of sausages , anything " 
" “ everyone to the bar ! ” ... ( ... and have a white russian on me ...! ) 

facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis 
retweeted the new york times ( facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis ... 
nytimes : facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis 
facebook profile frozen , then restored , for user named isis via 
facebook profile frozen , then restored , for user named isis — via 
when your name gets blacklisted . her parents wouldnt hve thought of this when they named her isis — via 

rt after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via 
" after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via " = f 
after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via nytopinion 

details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 
details for bataclan attack found on cellphone in paris trash can … — via 
rt : pls flw a … 
the manhunt for the paris attackers - the new york times 
nytimes : details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 

2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
global islamist terror : two air france flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over phoned bomb threats ... from usa 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over concerns 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over security concerns - new york times 
leia no > 2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over secur … see more 
2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over security concerns 

rt why build aircraft carriers when you can build islands ? 
rt what china has been building in the south china sea 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
nytimes : anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
probably helps to include the link . ~ hey , at least i'm still human :-) 
victim’s husband tells terrorists , ‘ i will not give you the gift of hate ’ 
victim’s husband tells terrorists , ‘ i will not give you the gift of hate ’ via 
victim's husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
husband tells ‘ i will not give you the of 
courage : " you won't have my hate ... i will play on " not scared not mistrustful not sacrificing liberty for security 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
posted " victim’s husband tells terrorists " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
paris attacks : " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
rt it takes the grace of god to let go & let god ... 
a victim's spouse speaks love to hate 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck , and why via 
nytimes : where isis claims it has struck , and why 

thanksgiving guide 
looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative recipes a try ! 
how to make potatoes - nyt cooking 
loading … 
thanksgiving recipes - nyt cooking 
yummy recipes for thanksgiving from the new york times ! 
the thanksgiving recipes are up . i feel stuffed just looking at them ! - nyt cooking 
amazing 
let's see if my meal is edible this year . i try and try and try . 
new york times interactive thanksgiving menu planner 🦃 
getting lost in this thanksgiving meal planner feature . everything looks so good . ( maybe b/c it's dinner time rn ) 
our menu planner will help you craft the best thanksgiving for everyone at your table . 
build your go big or go home , i say : thanksgiving recipes 
how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . 
what are your upcoming thanksgiving plans ? will you be traveling or will travelers be visiting you in long beach ?... 
some people dread the harriedness of holidays . but i love spending hours pouring over magazine spreads of old ... 
you must take a look - it is interactive and so much fun ! ready ... steady ... go and plan that thanksgiving menu ! 
making this day great : the happier podcast and madness 
rt rt academykierland looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creati … 
rt rt azdavidcreed looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative … 
" thanksgiving for all " ->> sept . vogue , on newsstands near you . ( or online : ) 
getting ready for thanks to 
rt how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . https … 
hint . for all those who have invited me for t-day , please check out the menu & recipes . look forward to sharing ... 
how to make turkey + all the fixings ! ht 

rt photos : an early-morning raid north of paris 

ted cruz challenges president obama to debate on syrian refugees 
" insult me to my face " ==>> ted cruz challenges president obama to debate on syrian refugees - 
ted cruz challenges president obama to debate on syrian refugees via 
is the one 
“ come back and insult me to my face ” ; cruz challenges president obama to debate on syrian refugees via 
. challenges to on “ come back & insult me to my face ! ” 
rt challenges o to me to my face ' ... 
cruz takes narcissism 2 new level ! u think he watches tv+thinks all characters talking 2 him ? 
" cruz challenges o to refugee debate ... ' insult me to my face ' ... " via 
ted cruz challenges obama to debate on syrian refugees 
you said you wanted 2 year about it : ted cruz challenges you to debate on syrian refugees 
tells “ come back and insult me to my face ” , then challenges him to a debate on refugees 
check out this link : ? 
don't waste your time w/ he is weak . even with his teleprompter he couldn't keep up . 
talks tough when he's out of the country , but ol ' mom jeans won't go toe-to-toe with 
cruz challenges president obama to debate on syrian refugees would chew you up & spit you out 
rt ted cruz is just the man to mop the floors with obama ! ted cruz challenge president obama to debate v … 
ted cruz is just the man to mop the floors with obama ! ted cruz challenge president obama to debate via 
ted cruz challenges petty bully crybaby obama to serious debate on syrian " refugees " .. 
i'd pay real money to watch this ! 
nice ! ted cruz challenges president obama to debate on via 

in mexico , mennonite farmers struggle with water shortage 
stunning photos from of mennonites in mexico . 
rt davidfurstnyt : stunning photos from berehulak of mennonites in mexico . 
incredible photos by daniel berehulak looking at mennonite farmers in mexico 
unknown author teaching things mum can't . 

11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 
rt indiana gov's ban on syrian refugees forces aid groups to scramble to find family a home https :/ … 
bravo connecticut for accepting this syrian family that was turned away by the state of indiana . 
11th-hour detour puts family in ct as indiana bars syrian refugees ; excellent description of refugee vetting . 
indiana goes on my boycott list . a shameful . 
rt indiana asked private refugee agency to redirect syrian refugees family , and agency then found them a new home https://… 
yes ! opening doors and hearts when hateful governors don't . thank you , new haven ! 
not 100k , not 10k , just 3 . husband , wife , 4 yr old son . probably be pats fans instead of colts fans now . 
the family was waiting in jordan for 3 years , finally granted permission to enter us , and indiana guv says no 
glad we live in the nuteg state . compassionate , decent nutmegs ! syrian family to connecticut as indiana bars refugees 
rt what gov decision about refugees meant for one family . 
bravo 2 integrated refugee&immigrant services : family in connecticut after indiana bars syrian refugees 
indiana state govt told refugee resettlement agency that syrians suspended , syrian family diverted to ct at last min 
bars syrian family w 4-year old , aping gop theme of hate , fear , 
bellwether puts local face on national issues . today , refugee issue cuts close as in gov pence bars syrians 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars refugees 
this has been a horrible year for we will stop spending our money in indiana ( again ) after this 
governors can find ways to influence where refugees settle after all ( h/t 
“ the last thing a refugee agency wants to do is give in to this un-american , political and knee-jerk reaction . ” 
i miss my home state ... it's really beautiful sometimes . 
proud today to live in new haven , ct , home of and , soon , the newest immigrants to the us . 
indiana finds more ways to make headlines | detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 
rt 11th-hour detour puts family of 3 , including a 4-year-old , in connecticut as bars refugees … 

rt isis shares an image of the explosive it says brought down a russian jet 

end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
add yahoo sports to the list of daily fantasy sites involved in the new york attorney general's investigation .... 
yes , eric schneiderman is after yahoo too ... 
attorney general seeks to stop fanduel and draftkings 
ny state attorney general is expanding his investigation into daily fantasy sports sites 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company ( ny times ) . 
top story : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added t … see more 
avoid bloomberg businessweek if you crave accuracy . yahoo info here : 
marissa mayer must think illegal gambling and socially irresponsible activities like this are okay if they make $$ . 
end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to … 
end sought to fanduel and draftkings in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
looks like yahoo might be swept up in the fight between new york and daily fantasy sports sites fanduel/draftkings 
yahoo now under scrutiny by ny attorney general over its daily fantasy sports games . $yhoo http:// 
end sought to sites in is said to be added to inquiry 
if they go after yahoo next , where is my team going to finish last next year ??? 
yahoo is said to be added to inquiry on fantasy sites in new york 
end sought to fantasy football sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry > 
first & ... now !! 
yahoo added to new york inquiry into daily fantasy sports sites 
yahoo , yahoo ! has you in his crosshairs . 
top story today : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be a … see more 
rt source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company … 

more on the perpetrators of the scary findings 
rt so to be clear : none of the 5 paris attackers identified so far is syrian . 
what we know about the paris attackers 
no syrian ' refugees ' found amongst the terrorists . 
finding links between the paris attackers as the manhunt continues 
the awesome thing about facts is that they don't really give a fuck if you believe them . 
finding the links among the paris attackers 
rt every person implicated so far in the paris attacks has been a french or belgian citizen . none is a syrian migrant . https :/ … 

the paris attackers : who were they ? 
paris attackers : who were they ? and why do we care abt ppl with shitloads of q's in their shitty names ? 
why would they do this ? painful 2 watch , important 2 know . the attackers the victims : 
who were the attackers in paris ? video . 
rt a snapshot of seven men suspected in the paris attacks . who were they ? by 
who are the paris attackers ? very informative video piece by my colleague 
prevention of radicalism ; possible only through cooperation w/ muslim immigrants paris attackers : who were they ? 

a doctor explains why he provides abortions in the south 

on fake instagram , a chance to be real 
on “ fake instagram , ” a chance to be “ real ” 
the rise of the fake instagram account 
even instagram users are marketing to the micro ( friends & family ) with fake accounts , aka " finstas . " 
' finstagrams , ' fake instagram that let the younger set be ( gasp ) real in social media . sign of the times , i guess . 
new the rise of the fake instagram a ... 
wine 
dell the rise of the fake insta ... 
danby the rise of the fake instagram ... 
rt weary of staging their lives for social media , young people are presenting their true … … 
hero4 the rise of the fake instagra ... 
it's the first time i've heard of and it makes a lot of sense . 
i'm curious about the apparent rise of private , avatar-like instagram profiles to communicate only with your most in … 
are these from your insta acct or finsta acct ? 
comment " you know whats next ? physical photo albums that people look through and can only show someone in person " - 
found this interesting article … seem like a less constructive version of to me 
good description of a lot of accounts these days : " a never-ending junior varsity ' vanity fair ' shoot " 
instagram or finstagram ? via 
on fake a chance to be real 
for a certain generation , instagram has become a calling card , a life résumé of sorts : “ this is my life . jealous ? ” 
" finstagrams , " fake instagram accounts to show real life : via 
" but life isn’t all rooftop parties and 45-degree-angle selfies . " finstagram : fake instagram , a chance to be real 

french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking the public not to publicize the locations 
don't publicize police action on social media , say french police , it impedes operations 
french police ask people not to share locations of nationwide checkpoints they set up : 
🇺🇸 french police set up checkpoints all over france , but asking the public not to publicize the locations ( ny times ) 

when turns itself off 
' pop culture is how we dream collectively , ' we shouldn't be surprised when extremists attack it via 
after bloodshed , tv can be cathartic , or insensitive 
when tv turns itself off 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " … 
rt new : on tragedy , terrorism dramas and why pulp entertainment is not just appropriate but necessary . 
james on why the tendency of tv nets to pull episodes that echo terrorist attacks isn't necessarily good 
should tv networks cancel , postpone or rearrange their schedules in response to terrorist attacks ? 
when terrorists strike , television networks respond , sometimes sensitively and other times perhaps unnecessarily . 
rt great point by 
when broadcast tv self censors … " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares — communal , cathartic ... " 
should tv networks pull sensitive shows after a tragedy ? : “ we should not be surprised that extremists excoriate p … 

congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 
congressional democrats cautiously defend refugee program 
“ we can both welcome desperate , vulnerable families+ensure our own security ” via 

france-england game is a friendly in every sense of the word 
" one of the great joys in soccer is its vocabulary . " 
in light of the tragedy in paris , everyone came together during the france/england game 
op-ed : < /span > explaining terror to children 
last night's france vs . england redefined the meaning of a football ( soccer ) ' friendly ' 
followers that love soccer , this is worth time about the france-england friendly and what it means : 
“ la marseillaise ” during the friendly was uplifting to hear beyond any measure 
game is a in every sense of the word 
this france-england friendly game meant nothing , but nothing felt like everything . 
sometimes a friendly is just that . on england-france , which meant nothing but felt like everything . 
" the players had a duty to show the unstoppable tumble that is being alive . " 
friendly steeped in fraternity . all wembley sings “ la marseillaise ” at france-england match . sniff , 
this // normally , the visiting team’s anthem would be played first ; on this night , “ la marseillaise ” was played last 
france-england game was a friendly in every sense of the word 
lovely match report on a " friendly " between france and england 
lovely , lovely match report on france-england " friendly " 
france receives a friendly embrace in england 

rt iceland has more books published and read per person than anywhere else in the world … 
rt nytimes : iceland has more books published and read per person than anywhere else in th … 

as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
my short post on fb's french flag debacle , and how the lebanese flag made it to profile pics without facebook's help 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — vía nytimesworld 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality via 
facebook french flag profile picture change erupts inequality discussion via 
damned if you do , damned if you don't! complaints of inequality for french flag filter . via 
thats why i did not change my profile picture as french flag 
as tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
top story : retweets as social media tributes pop up , so do … see more 
top as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality - th … see more 
social media tributes-complaints of inequality - helping all cries have the option to be heard — via 
why did blatantly ignore and do nothing when warned . 

rt did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? fact-checks him . … 
" he was less clairvoyant than he suggests . " 
did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? nytpolitics fact-checks him . … 

storm system batters colorado and texas 

rt a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package … 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night , nothing felt like everything . 

rt french return to cafes in a show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” … 
rt rt french return to cafes show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” https … 

the best thing can do to help is to keep visiting paris and not be scared away . 
" the single best thing travelers can do to help is to stay in paris and to keep coming to the country . " 
what travelers can expect in 
how can tourists help ? : " stay in and to keep coming to the country " via 
in the aftermath of the attacks in the new york times has compiled useful information about what to ... 
“ the french need support now more than ever & want to return to normal life . ... not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
message to tourists : “ the french need support now more than ever , & leaving or not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
what can expect in 
here is a rundown on how hotels , airlines and cultural sites are accommodating travelers to paris 
also i wish i could give blood , but as a cancer survivor i believe i'm not allowed .... 
here is some helpful advice from the for anyone travelling to 
great article 

ireland holds its first same-sex marriage ceremony 

the complicated genesis of isis 
in rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame 
rt was born in america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army . https : … 
rt isis was born out of america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army http … 
rt inaction in was thickest strand : in rise of , no single missed key but many strands of blame … 
dating single state of terror : in rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands o ... 

rt marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
y esto es lo peligroso " le pen’s anti-islam speech gains influence in france " 
de lo peor ... marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 

the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! the art ! 
coney island : the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! the art ! - new york times 
so miss my i went to for the first time in years this summer and had a blast ! 
top story : coney island : the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! the art ! see more 
can't vouch for news stories , but i found an article on art about coney island which was pretty neat : 
why coney island remains " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years . coney island : the hot dogs ! the art ! 
coney island fanatics can go see this show at the brooklyn museum starting friday 
“ it’s an interesting kind of crazy . ” : 
an exhibition at tracks coney island through its stylish rise , slow decline and eventual revival . 
excited for this coney island exhibit seems to have some really quirky but interesting art : 
dreams of the bygone 
in 1950's when i was a teen steeplechase was the " world " . till scumbag fred trump ruined it . read : 
inspired by coney island at 
coney island : the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! art ! wanna see this show " visions of an american dreamland " 

inside the gould memorial library 
inside the gould memorial library , a dazzling building in need of a facelift . photos 
the architect stanford white’s dazzling , decaying structure on the bronx community college campus . 

a husband remembers his wife , ‘ merry , with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids ’ 

an 11th-hour detour puts a family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 

rt a woman in was killed when she detonated an explosive vest during a raid , french officials said . … 
a woman hiding out in an apartment in st. -denis was killed when she detonated an explosive vest 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - new york times 
top story : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special fo … see more 
top story : retweets woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by spe … see more 
woman killed in raid after detonating explosive vest - diesel , a 7-yr-old police dog , also killed 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces — via nytimesworld@ 
woman detonates suicide vest in st-denis raid in paris via 
top woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
paris : updates on the terror attacks : paris : updates on the terror attacks ! 
rt woman killed in raid in paris ; three men captured by special forces . live updates : 
woman killed in raid . 5 suspects arrested . 
the raid in st. -denis brought major disruption to residents and commuters 
woman killed in raid via 

telegram messaging app closes public channels used by isis militants 
telegram messaging app closes channels used by isis ( 

rt facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant frm belgium whose family wanted him dead 

what's happening to obamacare premiums 

yo , restructuring is a definitive mixed bag . switch is good , but turning jezebel into pop culture ? boo .. 
rt gawker media plans to shift the focus of its flagship site to politics 
is changing its focus 
will gawker’s pivot to politics win over wary ad buyers ? : ’ s newly announced ... by 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ via 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? : vote . via 
" there are no women in denton’s vision of an ideal " woof . 
editor-in-chief : the ideal gawker story should expose meaningful hypocrisy 
is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? | fishbowldc 
gawker to rebrand as political news site : internet gossip pioneer is moving in a new edi ... 
editor-in-chief explains the sites ' politics via 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ 
newstream© : wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or a head-scratcher ? 
will morph into a site focused on politics , its founder and top editor said . 
my favorite website is 
nytimes : is changing its focus 
the anti-politico to focus on political news and away from gossip 
politics : gawker is said to retool as politics site : a site that pioneered the knowing ,... 
is diversity a blind spot for a very interesting read - what's your take ? 
gawker is said to retool as politics site : a site that pioneered the … 
drops weird news , four employees 
gawker is said to retool as politics site - a site that pioneered the knowing , irrever ... 
cuts staff as site focuses on politics 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on < b > politics < /b > a la ' daily show ' 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ' daily show ' : gawker . c ... 

you probably have a to-go pasta dish . next time , try this one instead . 
rt you probably have a to-go pasta dish . next time , try this one instead . 

rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 

coffee tied to lower risk of dying 
tied to lower risk of dying prematurely 
good 
observational study of 200k correlates coffee ( incl decaf ) consumption w ↓ mortality 
more good news on coffee : 
rt coffee tied to lower risk of dying 
tied to of 
coffee drinking linked to reduced risk of death from heart disease , stroke , diabetes , neurological disease & suicide 
wahoo another win for lovers ! coffee is tied to a lower risk of dying prematurely via 
aaron justice 
pour yourself another cup ! 
++ news 4 those with obsessive coffee disorder ; espresso addicts rejoice ! + did you know ? 
ever get tired of being right ? 
coffee reduces the risk of premature death . pretty cool stuff . 

rt it began as a hashtag . now , is an internet-driven civil rights movement … 
rt it began as a hashtag . now , is an -driven civil rights movement htt … 

eagles of death metal make first statement on paris attacks 
\m/ “ love overshadows evil . ” \m/ 
story eagles of death metal make first state … see more 
the band , which was headlining at the bataclan on friday when gunmen stormed the venue , said on f ... via 

diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to the dismay of some 
a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid - the new york times 
a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid — via 
rt more about diesel , the french police dog killed during a counterterrorism raid outside of paris 
rt a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid — 
rest in peace , diesel , hero french dog of st. denis . 
isaranjuez : rt nytimes : diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to … 

rt husband remembers his wife , " merry , with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids " … 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
" a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins " sooo 

clean up sepp blatter and michel platini lose fifa appeals and remain suspended . yes ! 
blatter and platini lose fifa appeals and remain suspended 
sepp blatter and michel platini lose fifa appeals and remain suspended : the election of mr. blatter’s successo ... 
fifa rejects sepp blatter's appeal . maybe he didn't offer enough . you'd think he'd know the going scale for bribes . 
soccer , international federation of association football ( fifa ) , blatter , sepp , platini , michel via nyt 

photos of mexico’s mennonite heartland 
nytimes : photos of mexico’s mennonite heartland 

rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 

the eiffel tower is closed again 
eiffel tower is closed once again - new york times 
it has been confirmed that the eiffel tower is closed due to a bomb threat 
eiffel tower is closed once again — via nytimesworld 
updates on paris . 
" responding to hatred with anger would be to fall to the same ignorance that made you the people you are . " a . leiris 

rt rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 
“ rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease ” sad day . such a great player 

manhattan psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client - - 
scamming vulnerable people can be a huge business . psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client . 
psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client is the business ethical ? 
it's amazing how stupid people are . psychics are con artists . 
manhattan psychic admits taking over $550000 from lovelorn client - new york times 
you just can't make this shit up . $ 550,000 for psychic to raise the dead 
love is wasted on the young , money on the rich . 
how stupid can people be ? $us550 , ooo ! 

" morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . " 

ranked ahead of isis for deadliest terror group - 
isis has captured the world's attention , but one report says boko haram has been more deadly 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : boko haram ranked ahead of isis for deadliest … see more 
crazy 
rt what's the deadliest terrorist group in the world ? not isis , but boko haram . 
i would use a fancy flag filter on my profile ... 
ranked ahead of for deadliest terror group - not sure ranking is appropriate ... 
how can this be ? boko haram hasn't killed any europeans ! oh , that's right , having a sense of fucking perspective !... 
boko haram , isis , al-qaida , hamas . what do they all have in common . 1 they are all terrorist groups , 2 . they are ... 
goats r a little more fearful of boko nutjobs than isis fags but both r equal goat fkers 
they could stand a few bombs . 
rt boko haram : still deadlier than isis , still nobody gives a shit 

wow ! by 2020 , " conservatively " , amazon will have 50% of us households signed up for prime ! 
how amazon’s long game yielded a 
how amazon's long game yielded a retail juggernaut 
great insights into how ebiz leaders will eventually reach profitability . life is about playing the long game - well 
rt amazon has overcome doubts about whether scale would mean profit , and prime is the key , writes 
how long game yielded a retail juggernaut via multichannel to ensue w brick and mortar 
people said similar things about sears in 1980 . what upstart of today will disrupt amazon in 20 years ? 
rt step 1 : step 2 : 
now that amazon has hit this point , it’s difficult to see how any other retailer could catch up 
conservative estimates show that by 2020 50% of us households will have joined amazon prime . holy bezos empire-opoly 
one analyst predicts that in five years , 50% of american households will have joined amazon prime . 
amazon's rise : a.w.s and " inflection point " of retail as its distribution infrastructure reaches a critical mass . 
prime time : estimate says by 2020 at least 50% of us households will have joined 
amazon rules ! 
amazon’s long game yielded a retail juggernaut - the new york times true 4 me changed my day-2-day buy habits 

inside the gould memorial library , a dazzling building in need of a facelift . photos 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
your date/model . let's go somewhere exotic & try new things . book ... 
very useful timeline from nytimes . 
top story : retweets where isis claims it has struck , and wh … see more 
where claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck since october 3 , and why 
russell goldman and karen yourish teaching things mum can't . 

rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 

finding the links among the paris attackers 

“ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race 
nytimes : “ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race … 

in many obamacare markets , renewal is not an option - - 
change of plan : in many obamacare markets , renewal is not an option . 
in many markets , renewal is not an option 
this map by shows why switching obamacare plans makes financial sense , even if it's a pain : 
in many obamacare markets , renewal is not an option via 
. how do we ' shop around ' ( as you proposed ) , when shopping around is not an option ? 
nytimes-getting a plan from c o-o p running at a loss is a " bargain " -in many obamacare markets , renewal not an option 
how are changing where you live ? latest analysis from and 
interactive map in this story shows where obamacare rates went up , where they went down , and by how much : 
change of plan : in many obamacare markets , renewal … 
awesome work from and on renewals . interactive map shows benefit of shopping for better deal 

aung san suu kyi has moved toward dominance in myanmar . her words have become provocative . 

( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 
thnks 2 4 thanksgiving desserts from me & 
now i know what to do with my chestnut flour and bag of cranberries . thanks 
bless for chocolate chestnut cake & cranberry curd tart recipes via & 
a couple ideas for gluten-free desserts fro upcoming holiday . 
( if not guilt-free ) desserts 
( and maybe not guilt-free ! ) thanksgiving desserts : via 
nut flours are key to indulgent , gluten-free desserts 
rt ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 
¿cuál es tu restaurante favorito sin gluten ? : gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiv ... 
gluten-free ( if not guild-free ) thanksgiving via 
city kitchen : ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving wheat-free chocolate … 

marine le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france - 
wonder how that'll play out in france w/ marine le pen's message gaining traction & upcoming election 
who didn't see this coming ? exactly what those thugs wanted : le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
marine le pen's anti-islam message gains influence in france - 
terrifying : marine le pen's gaining more of an audience post- 
history repeating itself ? 
you think she stopped by the elysee palace to measure for curtains ? le pen v hollande in 2017 ?... 
marine le pen’s anti-islam message in france don't get caught up in the political selfserving propaganda . 
unsurprising , but very troubling + counter-productive : le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
... and this is an understatement , i'm sure 
no , the national front party : 
" this repeated connection — immigration equals islamism & terrorism — is playing powerfully in the minds of voters . " 

the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 

is changing its focus 

with tv viewing changing , networks tak ... 
networks take longer to drop shows 
you mean drop in viewership has nothing to do with paint-by-numbers plots and dialogue ? 
networks taking longer to drop shows - last friday , something happened in network television that’s almost unhe ... 
latest twist on tv ? new shows rarely get cancelled . explains why 
rt notes on why there's only been one cancelation in network tv this season 
i forgot jeremy sisto was on wicked city . i forgot it starred anyone but chuck bass . 
" it speaks to a gripping anxiety that has spread throughout an industry where hits are in short supply " 
" last friday , something happened in network television that’s almost unheard-of these days . " great story 
tv networks are pausing before hitting ‘ cancel ’ : in an industry where hits are in short supply , exec ... 
something happened in network tv that's almost unheard-of these days : a show got canceled . 
in an industry where hits are in short supply , executives are becoming extra cautious about canceling a show too soon . 

rt a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package … 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - the new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - new york times 
it seems to have been a harmless package & some sort of threat 
web dsign 
seo website builder soccer stadiu ... 
police have found an ambulance packed with explosives outside soccer match in 
this is getting way too close . i work in this city and spend most of my days there . it's crazy .... 

rt a rallying cry in paris : " everyone to the bar ! " 

rt the united nations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
dear friend of dear friends of mine . full of ' joie de vivre ! " , love , life & sunshine . no words suffice .. rip pierro 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins — via 
lovers of live music , travelers to & co-runners of the family italian joint ; the 2 cousins at 

the cult of the toto toilet 
why are americans still using toilet paper ? toilet is long overdue 
if you you need to know a toilet revolution is upon us . presenting : toto washlet 
that gives you butt wash , keeps it warm 
“ it’s about the heated seats . your life is really good when you have a heated toilet seat . ” 
toilet otd : toto , but imho , the basic one-piece , no heated seat , no “ washlet , ” is just fine . 
you can have my toto toilet when you pry it from my cold , dead , er ... you get the picture . converted since 2009 . 
whites have actual anxiety about washing their butts till they realize 
3 years to train a sales consultant and the only ' moving ' parts are natural , must be good ! cult of the toto toilet 
to sit upon a standard commode , the owner of a toto toilet said , would be like “ going back to the stone age . ” 
parallel construction : " the bidet tends to cause embarrassment ; the electronic push-button controls to confound . " 
on the list . heated seat . 
as far as i'm concerned , you've not made it until you own one of these 
this $ 9,000 toilet is subliminal message , right ? 2.4 billion = 
ooh i want a pet toilet ! 

i wasn't going to write " talking paris with kids " until i saw how beautifully this dad handled it : 
one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers 
they have guns . we have flowers . talking to kids at different ages about paris : 
a little boy and his father converse about the paris attacks . what happens at the end is really sweet ... 
seriously dad of the year- you must see this : via 
a precious conversation : " they might have guns , but we have flowers " 
how do we talk to our kids about paris ? via 
look for the helpers , appreciate the flowers , and don’t let fear stop you . ❤ ️ 
this is a great article for us parents trying to find the right words when talking to our kids in times of tragedy . 
in the wake of tragedy : " don’t let fear stop you from being the person you want to be when the worst happens " 
one parent , on they might have guns , but we have flowers 
what can we tell our kids in difficult times ? “ look for the flowers . ” 

rt email trackers dogging you ? has tips and tricks to lose them from eff's 
foiling electronic snoops in 
how to foil email snoops 
many emails you're reading are tracking your activities and location . 
tracking you by your email - how to increase your personal email privacy and security . 
how to foil email snoops - trackers , which come in many forms including a single invisible pixel inserted into ... 
rt . learned that about 20% of his work email contained hidden trackers : if i find one , pr folks … 
60 percent of your emails may be watching you : 
rt over 2 weeks , found 280 of his 1,400 emails - many from pr folks - had trackers planted in them . tech fix : https://… 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
i love he does a great job rt “ don lemon doesn't get offended ” 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating isis , kerry says 
cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - - 
cease-fire and a political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , john kerry says . 
cease-fire and a political transition in crucial to defeating says . 
visiting france , kerry vows ' greater pressure ' on isis 
cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating says 
visiting france , kerry vows ‘ greater pressure ’ on isis 
sec . kerry states there will be more pressure on isis , from the world community 
. urges ceasefire - cease-fire & political transition in crucial to defeating kerry says 
yes , but what of pol future of irq ? " kerry : ceasefire & political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis " 
kerry says a cease-fire & political transition in syria crucial to defeat isis 
and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - new york times 
when love to come . cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating is ... 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
if you were wondering about lsu grad he sees himself more as a malcolm not martin 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

ta-nehisi coates wins national book award 
ta-nehisi coates wins national book award : mr. coates won the nonfiction award for “ between the world and ... 
ta-nehisi coates wins national book award congrats well deserved !! 
huge kudos to ta-nehisi coates and adam johnson . expected and unexpected triumphs on two very strong lists ! also ... 
ta-nahasi coates won the national book awards for " between the world and me " 
congratulations to you'll never realize what you don't know until you read his work . 
story ta-nehisi coates wins national book aw … see more 
so cool for - wins national book award 
. wins the national book award ! 
congratulations on winning national book award 

french return to cafes in a show of defiance 
france : " we will not let the terrorists win " america : " internment camps worked out , right ? " 
rt french return to cafes and bistrots in a show of resolute determination … 
rt parisians find the perfect -- and perfectly french - way of responding to the terrorists . … 
rt if you read 1 paris story today : on " the french way " " they'll never kill that " stay for the kicker … 

who passes ‘ commander in chief test’ ? • obama was born a shiite muslim . his " christian " pastor is a converted muslim ! 
reupping this from yesterday : how 2016 may mirror 2004 on national security 
after paris , who passes the ‘ commander in chief test’ ? 
leaving the democratic party after this election . fed up . 
social event stops : after area , who passes the ' physical object in chief problem solving' ? 
we may not want to politicize tragedies , but tragedies have political outcomes all the same . 

for france , an alliance against isis may be easier said than done 
for france , an alliance against isil may be easier said than done 
' trading the status quo for cooperation ' is the new status quo . beyond ct ops , demands it | 
top story : retweets for france , an alliance against isis ma … see more 
rt by attacking france and russia , the islamic state has brought the u.s. , russia and france into closer alliance . … 
top story : info & news for france , an alliance against isis may be easier said … see more 
russia , us & france seem bent on wasting more lives & $ on failed " bomb , bomb , bomb " foreign policy instead of pol sol 
news analysis : for france , an alliance against isis may be easier ... 
for france , an alliance against may be easier said than done 
news analysis : for an alliance against isis may be easier said than done : the … 
for the u.s. , russia and france , an alliance against isis may be easier said than done 
the united states and russia have been drawn together against isis by the paris attacks , but disagreements between them remain . 

" this new nyc building " makes the case for why architecture matters " " 

germany-netherlands match canceled over security concerns 
germany-netherlands soccer match canceled over security concerns 
germany cancels soccer match with netherlands . 
ah nevermind , seems like it was just a " suspicious object " twitter messing with us . 
germany-netherlands match canceled , evidence of plans to detonate an explosive device in the stadium : 
germany cancels match with the netherlands over security concerns - - 
police chief says there was serious threat to city and stadium , including plan for explosion . 

fact checks of the 2016 election 
one fact-checker to rule them all : today launches the first column as our in-house " doubting thomas . " 
caught in a ( gasp ) fib . he should never become a tv psychic 
love nyt fact checking what the candiates saying for the next us pres election . 

pictures of the day : france and elsewhere 
rt women worshiped the setting sun while celebrating a hindu festival in mumbai . more photos https :/ … 
a migrant boy with a thermal blanket on the shore of the greek island of lesbos 
rt beautiful ender in today's pictures of the day slideshow 
photos of the day 

something happened in network tv that's almost unheard-of these days : a show got canceled . 

aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of dignified defiance 
new york times - usa - a defiant voice sounds a bolder note in myanmar - 
does respect for law include fidelity to a military-imposed constitution ? 
a symbol of dignified sounds provocative 
why tell us what she was wearing on her first day in parliament ?? 
aung san suu kyi , on the cusp of power , is sounding imperious . what kind of leader is she ? 
interesting insights to the leadership style of by 
aung san suu kyi wins " so far the military has been gracious in defeat , which stuns many burmese 
aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of sounds a provocative note 
burma's democracy icon , on the cusp of power , sounds provocative . how she will govern ? 
so happy to read the words of in again . his smart take on aung san suu kyi's rise in myanmar : 
aung san suu kyi , " the future is hers to shape . " by via 
a symbol of defiance , aung san suu kyi’s victory sets democracy example to asian neighbours 
rt seth mydans , long-time southeast asia hand , returns to the pages of the nyt for a profile of aung san suu kyi . https … 
rt after landslide election win , imperious style of burma's democracy hero raises questions about how she will govern . https :/ … 
ny times : long a symbol of dignified defiance , sounds a provocative note 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
belgian suspect in paris had been target of strikes on isis in syria 
heavy gunfire , suicide , as french police raid paris terror suspects ' way station / nytimes 
2 dead , 7 arrested in a raid this morning in a paris neighborhood . officials were targeting the mastermind behind ... 
heavy gunfire erupts as seek in raid 
second suspect in paris attacks sought . 
gunfire erupts as police seek suspects in raid 
paris attacks suspect was target of strikes on isis in syria 
second suspect is sought in paris attacks 

sheds reputation as an easy mark for - 
microsoft , once infested with security flaws , does an about-face ( 
microsoft sheds reputation as an easy target for hackers > 
ms stepping up 
i know from conversations that msr's static analysis folks have made major contributions here : research ! 
once infested with flaws , does an about-face 
microsoft getting props for security swagger 
rt once infested with security flaws , does an about-face : rt if only it'd stop connecting 
once infested with security flaws , does an about-face : rt if only it'd stop connecting to cloud . 
rt how microsoft's focus on security has moved it " from worst in class to the best in class " 
microsoft's new push to security - focus on detection and response - brand new cyber security defense operations cen … 
once infested with security flaws , is ... a little better . 
security threats continue to be in the top of everyone's minds . as it should be . 
good news for microsoft ... 
microsoft goes from worst to first in security <- includes talk about the need to eliminate passwords - 
microsoft was once the epitome of everything wrong with security in technology . its products were so infested with v … 
no longer an easy mark for hackers 

also tuesday , two senators announced a push for a formal authorization of military force agains .. 
paul ryan calls for halt to syrian refugee program 
republicans call for halt to syrian refugee program 
rt house speaker paul ryan calls 4 halting syrian refugee program . it's now officially on the republican platform … 
to reject refugees is as bad as 1930s when us rejected jews fleeing saying they were communist spies 
republicans call for halt to human program - new york times 
us house pressures obama to kill refugee plan 
“ our nation has always been welcoming , but we cannot allow terrorists to take advantage of our compassion . " 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 
live coverage | angela merkel says soccer match cancellation ' had to happen ' - new york times 

judge orders frozen embryos destroyed 
a fair result of this woman's contractual agreement , but perhaps she could appeal like the pa cases 
a state court judge in san francisco on wednesday ordered the destruction of five frozen em ... 
in a divorce , the fate of frozen embryos could be destroyed if one partner doesn't want to procreate . 
ca judge orders embryos destroyed , deferring to " intentions of the parties at the time of the decision at issue . " 

u.s. offers $5 million reward for senior isis figure 
u.s. offers $5 million reward for senior isis figure — via 
rt u.s. offers $5 million reward for senior isis figure 

bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo 
rt bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo — 
bomb experts analyze the soda-can bomb photo 
experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo — via nytimesworld 
bomb experts analyse the soda-can bomb photo . 
the photograph alone does nothing to establish that the islamic state was able to accomplish any of this . it ... 
more here : 
seems they think timer operated ... 
top story : retweets bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can … see more 
rt bomb experts dissect that isis bomb picture . 
bomb techs analyze isis soda-can bomb photo : " nothing new or surprising , and not hard to build ” " pineapple " - cute 
i'm sure the good folk at schweppes are super excited to see their can get all this free p.r. 
experts analyze the isis soda-can photo 
" it would not be hard for an experienced bomb maker to build . " on that soda-can bomb photo : 
how scary is this . something the size of soda can could possibly blow up a plane . 

your wednesday briefing 

is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
boko haram is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
rt is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
terrorist attack in nigerian marketplace claims 32 innocent lives - boko haram is suspected , read more here : 
former natsec adviser for nigeria accused of stealing $2 billion that was supposed to be for fighting boko haram 
rt rt hey are you going to declare war on boko haram too ? 
is suspected after explosion in kills 32 
last tues , an explosion in a nigerian city killed 32 people . 
boko haram , gop governors suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
boko haram suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
shared a link 
another attack . evidence for thesis that displaced rebels/terrorists likelier to target civilians 
sigh . 

sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 
nytimes : sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 

one slogan , many methods : black lives matter enters politics 
black lives matter seeks a political voice 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . " 

reef to island in less than a year : china has been building in south china sea . 
what china has been building in the south china sea 
concerning destruction of reefs for island expansion in the south china sea ... 
one way to destroy a coral reef in the progress name by china 
china is converting entire reefs to islands in just one year . yet , we can't finish velachery-taramani link road 
what has been building in the south china sea : via 
very interesting time lapse of what china is building in the south china sea & why it's bad for us/china relations : 
rt the united states sent a ship into disputed south china sea waters . more context on why : … 
" all is fair in love and war " -- john lyly . unfortunately china forgot that reefs are actual living breathing ... 
rt amazing graphics on this nyt story about the chinese efforts to claim the spratly islands : 

justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections ( 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind protections via retire already 
justice questions logic behind gay rights protections . he's doing more than 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind rights protections - 
scalia does it for the lulz , apparently . 
officials at report std levels rising to alarming levels via 
scalia's a moron with idiotic comparison . justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections 
justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
so glad that in this time of hating muslims , scalia has found time to hate gay people too 
ignoring the history of civil rights , scalia equates laws protecting my marriage to laws protecting child molesters . 
well , this makes me so angry , i want to vomit : 
scalia's just being a troll here . because he hates to lose . and we're winning . via 
antonin scalia : supreme court justice questions constitutionality of gay rights protection scalia made his ... 
have you seen this ? i predict regressive left hashtag slacktivists asking for scalia to step down 
once again , it's the difference between the letter and the spirit of the thing . c'mon , scalia -- smell the coffee ! 
this dude is a turd . 
question - must remove poor treatment of gays from islam ? what about from christians here ? 
are you really going to compare it to pedophiles ? justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights via 
please file under “ headlines i wish i could unsee ” - 
realizing that people like these have doctorate degrees from harvard & yale proves education means nothing 
child abusers and pederasts hurt people . way to make analogies that don't work , scalia . via 
" ... mmmmm don't look at me , but , as i've said , it's unnatural ... and ... perverted also . " 
it's never nice to wish for someone's death , but it'll be so sweet when this fucker finally croaks 
so scalia can't distinguish between groups like black , gays or women and groups like child abusers and pederasts 
it's 2015 . stop comparing lgbt people to criminals & pedophiles . even for scalia this hate is beyond the pale . 
antonin scalia questions protections afforded to people ; says same logic could apply to child molesters . 
u.s. supreme ct justice scalia compares protecting people to protecting child molesters 
this language from scalia is irresponsible and hateful . i get you having a moral issue but supporting hate ... 
justice scalia reveals again that be doesn't seem to understand much of anything by comparing gays to child ... 
breaking : justice scalia is skeptical of carolene products footnote 4 . 
rt god bless justice scalia for presenting his anti-gay views in the most unattractive and unconvincing way possible . https :/ … 
uncharacteristic representation on nyt's part . scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
justice scalia is a sad , reprehensible , impotent man ; likens lgbtq+ protections to child molesters . via 
in news from the late 1700s : scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections :: via 
i used to think scalia had a great legal mind that i disagreed with . but really , he's just a smug asshole . 
rt justice scalia is not only an asshole , but one totally unaware of the world he lives in - 
rt fuck you - comparing legal protections of people to … 

paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syrian refugees into the u.s. 

on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
12 . blog entry : bernie sanders , 2003-2011 american iraq war , conflict inappropriateness : sanders takes cue from dean 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " by patrick healy via nyt 
on invading sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
smart piece contrasting sanders and dean on invading iraq and ousting hussein . 
on invading learns from howard dean's mistakes 
on invading iraq , bernie answers katie couric with vivid context & clear common sense . true foreign policy prowess ! 
first draft : on invading bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
first draft : on invading iraq , bernie sanders … 
just say no : on invading takes a cue from 2016 

" reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek 9th suspect " 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect - new york times -- = 
rt reports of gunfire in suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect — via 

“ i am not setting out to be a provocateur . i am setting out to inform people and to get ( them ) to think . ” ... 
“ i am not setting out to be a provocateur ( but ) to inform people ” doesn’t get offended| via 
rt don lemon said this . i'm just going to leave this here . 
don lemon doesn’t get offended 
interviewer " how does someone get to be as self-accepting as you ? " , don lemon " what's the alternative ? " 
" if you don’t make room for the possibility that you can be intolerant then there is a good chance that you are . " 
" i am setting out to inform people " : don lemon tries to explain away his awful and offensive reporting : 
don lemon : " i would like to have a judgment-free-zone place where we can go -- all of us -- and we can all talk . " 
" the best way to improve yourself is to improve yourself . " 
rt “ don lemon said this . im just going to leave this here ” ht … 
" i'd probably be a writer like james baldwin . " 
rt for those looking for the link : 
my comment on doesn’t get offended via 
don lemon thinks he could be jesus christ q : that sound you hear when don lemon talking ? a : 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

mourners reflected in the bullet-pierced glass of le carillon in paris on tuesday 

hollande plans to discuss ‘ large coalition ’ with obama and putin - the new york times ping 
french president françois hollande said he'll travel to washington next week to meet with president obama 

topping studies with a dollop of athletics at the culinary institute of america 
topping studies with a dollop of athletics at the culinary institute of america - new y ... 
raw talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of americ ... 
great piece on our neighbors up the road by : raw talent and college sports mix at cia 
the fightin ' foodies ! 
the culinary institute of america has sports teams ?? 
rt . on america's most unlikey college athletics program : the one at the culinary institute of america https … 
yes , culinary institute of america has an athletic department : 
ny times : raw talent and college sports mix at 
interesting read raw talent & college sports mix at culinary institute of america 
concession stand must be good talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of america 
at culinary institute , sports are a entity ware 
raw talent and college mix at culinary institute of america- nyt 
" a steel , as any chef knows but most college basketball fans do not , is a tool for sharpening knives . " 
our awesome athletes and our growing athletic program were featured in the new york times !... 
raw talent and college sports mix at the culinary institute of america 
any bets on this year's mixing bowl ? a look at the surprisingly good sports teams at culinary institute of america 
perfect for c.i.a. steels play by play : slicing and dicing ! shaking and baking ! dishing and swishing ! 
rt coachburns2 food and sports . why didn't i go here ? - raw talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of … 

guinea : last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
nubia 1st baby to survive ebola having been born to infected mother 
guinea , last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 
rt nubia was born in an ebola unit to a mom who died after giving birth . “ she’s broken all records , this little girl " https … 
after nearly two years , guinea begins the countdown to the end of the epidemic : 
last nation w/ may soon be declared free of . 
hopefully there will be some positive news on the way : may soon be declared free . via 
soon to be declared free - 
for the first time since march 2014 , no one is known to have ebola . 
fingers crossed : last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 

electing to ignore the poorest of the - - 
for decades , economic policy has shifted away from assisting the growing number of americans living in deep 
rt believing the poor aren't exerting enough effort lets us ignore that almost 16m live in extreme poverty < $8.60 /day . http … 
in the us there's the deserving poor and the undeserving poor . we get to ignore those . my column 
16 million americans live on $8.60 or less a day . 
no other advanced nation tolerates this kind of deprivation of its citizens : read : via the new york times 
did you know that 16 million americans live on less than $9 a day ? why aren't we talking about this ? 
1 in 20 americans living on $8.60 or less per day 
16 million americans live on $8.60 pp/day for a family of 4 . prez candidates , where are you on this ? 
" by believing the poor are not exerting enough effort , we allow ourselves not to care " 
both republicans and democrats are ignoring the poorest americans 
rt almost 16 million americans live on some $8.60 a day or less . the latest column from … 
interesting perspective on how we view and address poverty from a policy standpoint 
with support in poor rural areas a smart move by conservatives would be to help those that help them into office . 
both parties appear to be ignoring the americans who need their attention most : the poorest of the poor 
ignoring the deeply , persistently poor : nearly 16 million americans still fall below 50 percent of the poverty line 
rt " witnessing the presidential debates , i am not optimistic that deep poverty is going to become anybody’s priority . " https :/ … 
important piece by on and government assistance ( or lack thereof ) . 
isn't it shameful that the u.s. , the world's richest country , still ignores the poorest populations ? via 
even after accounting for gov't assistance programs , nearly 16m americans still fall below 50% of the poverty line . 
but both parties [ ... are ] ignoring the americans who need their attention most : the deeply , persistently poor . 

in paris , mourning a father with the " charisma to be the lead singer " 
top story : retweets mourning a father with the ‘ charisma to … see more 
top mourning a father with the ‘ charisma to be the lead singer ’ - the ne … see more 

rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attacks … 
police say target of raids was belgian suspect 
the paris prosecutor’s office said that the target of raids in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis was ... 
rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the at … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attac … 

why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 
nytimes : why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 

maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan massacre 
maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the bataclan concert hall 
remember maxime bouffard — via 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan mas … — via 

refugees across europe fear repercussions from paris attacks - - 
refugees fear repercussions isis responsible but who funds/enables isis and supports refugee hate ? 
refugees across europe fear repercussions from attacks - new york times : 
rt across europe fear repercussions from they flee same or actually much wors … 
across europe fear repercussions from they flee same or actually much worse violence 
across fear repercussions from 
ny times : refugees across fear repercussions from paris attacks 
after in fear growing suspicion of their hosts and hostility on the 
nytimes : refugees across europe fear repercussions from attacks 
rt across fear repercussions from paris attacks 
refugees fear repercussions i exist thanks to refugee asylum . urge yr governors to keep states open . ❤ ️ 
rt across europe fear repercussions from attacks make them feel safe at home https : … 

jonah lomu , rugby superstar , dies at 40 
nyt explains rugby ' object is to advance the ball across a goal line , w the most points given when it is run across ' 
ny times : superstar , dies at 40 
" ... a sprinter’s speed that , in such a big man , seemed unfair . " jonah lomu explained , by & for americans . 
jonah lomu , superstar , dies at 40 : mr. lomu’s size , strength and speed made him a … 
thru the gift of transplant we at least had this champ for a few more years . lost a great one too young . 
the new york times obituary explains rugby and jonah to its audience ..... 

" after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via " 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via nytopinion 

an african king in 
a simple , humble african king in bolivia 
features communities that are home to approximately 2% of uac-cp students . 
an african king in – marvelous , tragic photographs ... 
this modest monarch can trace his lineage to west africa , where his ancestor prince uchicho was enslaved in 1820 . 
an african king in lbolivia 
lost royalty ? 
how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia via 
new article in nytimes about the afro-bolivian king , julio pinedo ... 
just across from the touristic village of coroico , lives one of the remaining african kings !... 
rt jamesestrin : a simple , humble african king in bolivia nytimesphoto 
an african king and his wife , queen angelica , work in a small grocery store on the ground floor of their house in ... 
rt an african king in 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
rt isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

has more books published and more read per person than anywhere else in the world !! 
" independent philanthropist " , 
rt ragga0 : has more books published and more read per person than anywhere else in the world !! 
- in iceland , a literary tour explores rich history 
" iceland is covered with thick layers of stories . " dean nelson takes the storytelling tour of reykjavik . 
" in iceland , more books are read per person than anywhere else in the world " 
" the gift most requested by children at christmas time is a book " .. i probably have icelandic roots . 
100% literacy & a country where children request books for christmas ! -literarytourexploresrichhistory 
iceland , a nation of storytellers - " the gift most requested by children at christmas time is a book . " 
fascinating - iceland has more books published and more books read per person than anywhere else in the world 
is iceland the most well-read country ? according to it is . -- 
in iceland , the gift most requested by children at christmas time is a 
iceland , land of story tellers . is it to get your mind out of darkness when your surroundings are so very harsh 
in a tour explores rich history 
in a literary tour explores rich history 
with nearly a 100% literacy rate , and a population of about 320 , 000 , iceland has more books published and more ... 
rt read about the uniquely inspiring literature tour of … 
in territorial division , a literary abstract entity explores rich attribute 
is in iceland's dna - fascinating read 
take a literary tour of iceland in the then read & & & 
" in iceland there are no ruins ... so people think we evolved from cod . " 
" like the glaciers ... iceland is covered with thick layers of stories . " ( 1 in 10 icelanders will publish a book ! ) 

photos of the day 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 

to retool as 
rt as gawker and its " journalists " enter their death spiral , we can only hope they take jezebel with them . … 
i love this take on the evolution of blogs 
rt gawker's rebooting as a political site , shifting celeb/pop culture news to jezebel , & folding io9 into gizmodo : … 
gawker will now focus on " political news , commentary and satire " inspired by crew p 
gawker is changing focus as part of a broad revamping , will now cover politics , not media 
. to " ride the circus of the 2016 campaign cycle to reorient [ to ] political [ content ] " 
rt gawker will retool as a politics site ahead of the 2016 election . 
gawker going purely political .... 
plans to shift its focus from media to politics . 
gawker will now become a political news site . via 
gawker to become even less relevant to nyc journalists than it used to be . whoopie . 
rt to as ' site ' ... 
rebooting as a politics site 
shuttering io9 ? changing focus to politics ? wtf is happening at gawker right now ? 
rt speaking of people who love to blow denton , why does the times always let his friend ravi publish these hand jobs ? https :/ … 
i don’t understand gawkers repositioning . if politics writing brought clicks , buzzfeed wouldn’t need animal gifs . 

the strategic limits of isis : 
how comes isis ' worst enemy is ... isis itself // 
olivier roy : " is its own worst enemy . " 
this is a great op/ed that explains the complexity of the middle east . 
rt " war is not won without infantry " , but " isis is its own worst enemy " - readissimo islam scholar olivier roy here : … 
excellent article on strategic limitations of 
rt the strategic limits of isis ( and everyone else ): 
the attacks in reveal the strategic limits of 
" the main actors in the middle east deem other enemies to be more important " 
rt nyt : regional players prioritize own interests over isis . turkey w/ pkk , kurds w/ autonomy+territory & saudis w/ iran https :/ … 
the in reveal the strategic limits of 
the attacks in paris reveal the great article ... strategic limits of isis : 
oh , the complex webs we weave . 
rt although i don't think writer meant piece this way , it's an excellent argument for not doing very much about isis … 
interesting analysis of why isis haven't been any country's enemy ( till now ) 
" much like al qaeda , isis has no support among the muslim people living in europe . it recruits only at the margins . " 
solid analysis of isis by olivier roy for the new york times 
wanr some perspective on isis and how idiculoysly complex the situation is and why there re no simple answers ?... 

square scales back valuation by $3 billion 
rt for market debut , square scales back valuation by $3 billion 
for market debut , scales back valuation by $3 billion 
square prices its ipo at - new york times 
for market debut , $sq scales back valuation by $3 billion 
prices its i.p.o. at $9 
square prices its ipo at $9 - new york times 
ny times : the price of $9 a share is below the marketed range , a sign that the party for silicon valley may be ... 
leslie picker and mike isaac 

paris attacks give rise to fakes and misinformation 
paris attacks gave rise to fakes and misinformation 
rt a look at the altered images , bogus tweets and odd theories that spread across the internet after the paris attacks https : … 
rt fascinating read about misinformation in the aftermath of tragedies . 
rumors , fake tweets , and a selfie of a canadian mistaken for a terrorist : beware of misinformation after big events 
not surprising : give rise to fakes and misinformation shared via social media via 
la razón's fake terrorist front page makes it into the new york times : 
give rise to fakes and misinformation , including mainstream media 
paris attacks give rise to misinfo 
people will share anything online in order to share something online . 
read when terror strikes , count on new york times spending its resources debunking and not investigating conspiracy . 
this is undeniably true that on the internet , there is always something surprises you yet it's fake . 
give rise to and | via by 
paris attacks give rise to fakes & | by 
a terrible part about the tragedies : people spreading harmful misinformation about the attacks , about innocents . 
please stop re-posting things you see on fb without checking them first . even the most benign posts can be ... 

security forces swarmed a paris suburb during an early-morning raid 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 
nytimes : morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 
charlie sheen : i paid blackmailers $10 million to keep quiet about my hiv . 
" “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen in an interview with matt lauer " 

‘ the soup ’ will end in december 
nyt : "‘ the soup ’ will end in december " by jeremy egner . 
"‘ the soup ’ will end in december " by egner 
" the soup " will end in december as the second commenter wrote , nooooooooo ! 
& soup & will end in december 
rt rt : ‘ the soup ’ will end in december after 22 seasons 
awful news ! e!'s is ending ! 
wtf ?! first letterman , then stewart , now this ? anyone need a dvr ? mine will no longer be of much use in my apartment 
be the snarky commentary on bad tv that you want to see in the world 
artsbeat | ' the soup ' will end in december - new york times ( blog ) 
e ! announces " the soup " will end in december after 22 seasons 

after paris attacks , vilifying refugees : 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " important editorial : 
" confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
rt nyt editorial : " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " … 
editorial in the after paris attacks , vilifying 
building new barriers with the argument that muslims are inherently dangerous provides propaganda benefits to the is 
' confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable ' . interesting editorial : 
the fear mongering by some in this country is sickening . it's not who we should be . after paris , vilifying refugees 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " thank you https … 
after vilifying refugees 
after " confusing refugees w/terrorists is morally unacceptable and ... misguided " interesting piece . 
rt refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
refugees r often fleeing from violence : mt post , vilifying refugees 
rt after " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable . " timely editorial on opening up to refugees . https :/ … 
rt some refreshingly blunt words from editorial . 

why i provide abortions .... 
deepest love you can have for a person : compassion for their suffering , acting to relieve it 
why dr. parker is an abortion provider : " because i can ... because if i don’t , who will ? " 
this . 
irony : abortionist claims inspiration from martin luther king -- who opposed abortion . 
rt " when women have access to abortion , contraception & medically accurate sex education , they thrive . " … 
" i want for women a life of dignity , health , self-determination , and the opportunity to excel and contribute . " 
" a majority of pregnancies in the south are unintended . more than a quarter end in abortion . the rest are more ... 
rt powerful words from dr. willie parker on protecting women's right to dignity , health , self-determination , opportunity https : … 
" you have compassion for their suffering and you can relieve it . that , simply put , is why i provide care . " 
" our patients need us , and that’s what we are supposed to do : respond to our patients ’ needs . " 
doctor : gave up ob practice to provide services " because if i don’t , who will ? " 
97% of obstetrician/gynecologists encountered a patient seeking care , but only 14% provided the service . 
why travel long distances & risk personal safety to provide abortion care ? dr. willie parker explains 
rt " i want for women what i want for myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determination & the opportunity to excel . " … 
i went back home to alabama because women in the south are being denied the abortions that are their legal right . 
rt huge thank you for those who provide care is 
rt " we know that when women have access to abortion , contraception and medically accurate sex education , they thrive . " https : … 

facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials said 
live coverage | german soccer match was canceled over ' concrete ' threat ... - new york times 
a soccer match between and the was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat : 

well : eye twitches 
what causes eye twitches ? 
ask ny times well blog : via 
eye twitches are often caused by stress , but involuntary eyelid spasms could be something more severe via 
this time of year we get more patients experiencing this common complaint . 
does your eye twitch ? read this to find out what causes it ! 
an answer to a common question ! 
what causes the eye to twitch ? via 
why is my eye twitching ? via 
choice tidbit like our facebook page ... it's an education ! 
i have always wondered about this ... 

strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results . 
strikes on in lead to more questions than results 
strikes on raqqa in lead to more questions than results - more " security theater " ... 
rt results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” - 30 hit mainly outskirts … 
french bombing missions strike nothing but empty buildings . lol ! 
on in lead to more than 
" why , if there's is targets that could be hit w/o killing civilians , weren't they hit long ago ? what was being hit ? " 
rt bombing for show ? us , syria , jordan , russia , now france : need revenge on isis ? drop a few bombs on raqqa ! syria https://… 
rt 1 . so if us can give france 10s of short-notice isis targets w/o killing civilians , why weren't they hit before ? … 
before every brit wets themselves in excitement over bombing isis in syria , it seems french airstrikes are for show . 
why , if there were targets that could be hit without killing civilians , were they not hit long ago ? 
strikes on raqqa in syria " targeting abandoned empty locations 
french airstrikes on mostly hit " abandoned empty locations " 
rt french airstrikes on raqqa in syria , very little tangible results : nyt -- anyone surprised ? 
rt 2 . and if not , then are they hitting civilians/accepting more risk of that ? or empty land/bldgs , bombing for show ? https :/ … 
rt the barrage of french airstrikes didn't kill civilians , mostly hit empty buildings . … 

charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep it secret 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret 
hello , my name is yvonne redmond . why is this such a big story ? people have been diagnosed with hiv for years . has t … 
rt we hope . announcement finally quiets tabloids . should not be stigmatized ! 
rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 
sad but not surprising given his lifestyle 
check out charlie sheen's interview on the today show this morning as he unveils secrets . 
commcore ceo speaks about the charlie sheen interview . 
rt sheen paid millions to keep hiv secret - like we'd be shocked to know drug use , prostitutes had led to bad things http … 
the actor said he had known about the diagnosis for about four years but did not know how he contracted the virus . a … 
rt charlie sheen says he has hiv and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret … 
rt charlie sheen said he paid people “ into the millions ” to stay quiet about his hiv diagnosis ht … 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " seriously ? sorry to say , but you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " really , mr. sheen ? you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
rt charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep his diagnosis secret 
charlie sheen's hiv status : cs says he paid mllions t keep it quiet puzzlng : have we moved on s/ ' 80s ? 
rt he felt like he needed to keep it a secret . we can end stigma together ! 
actor charlie sheen has confirmed that he is hiv positive : 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 

awakening to a raid upstairs , and explosions - new york times : abc newsawakening to a raid upstairs , and explo ... 

rt experts explain how global powers can smash daesh via . & . 
experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
keys to beating isis : get rid of assad , encourage muslims to condemn isis & promote good govt in islamic countries 
rt public has to see muslims as part of the solution to isis . https :/ … 
the mess in the middle east with no easy solution , militarily or otherwise ! 
very insightful article 
complex problem 
rt an absolute must-read on a1 tomorrow about where isis came from , what it wants , and how to destroy it : … 
this is savagery , not strategy : 
envisioning how global powers can smash isis 
rt too bad no woman has thoughts on https://… 
rt how to crush isis ? asks the experts . no consensus , but start with solution in syria … 
taking stock vs isis , experts recommend all the measures obama has rejected 
explain how can 
rt you know it's been a long week when the new york times has stopped capitalizing sentences . … 
provocative . isis can't be defeated w/o reformation of islam . muslims must offer an alternative vision 
stop bickering and fight the real enemy 
no clear strategy emerges ... " experts explain how global powers can smash 
rt everyone talks about eradicating tell us what it would take . … 
a thoughtful approach to the isis threat that calls for " free movement of people , labor and ideas . " 
experts can't agree on how to beat isis 

rt isis brags about explosive that brought down russian jet 
“ it was a rash decision of arrogance from russia , ” the article says . “ and so after having discovered a way to ... 
isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian jet 
daesh claims this was the bomb that destroyed russian commercial passenger jet via 
isis shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet 
the ied says its militants used to take down the russian metrojet over egypt : 
isis shows off bomb it says downed russian jet 
rt isis photo of what they say is the ied that brought down the russian plane in the sinai : https :/ … 
shares image of it says brought down jet 
unbelievable ! check out the improvised explosive device used to bring down a russian airliner over the sinai ... 
how do y'all kno all of this i don't get it man smh 
shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet - the new york times 
and now you know why banned liquids . 
scary !!!! - 
rt in its magazine , is shows picture of what it claims is the type of schweppes soda can they used as an ied on plane https :/ … 
isis shares image of soda-can explosive it says brought down russian jet — via 
isis shows off bomb it says brought down jet 
shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet — 
whaaa ? that queazy feeling when the internets are being used by : isis sharing image of bomb on its on line magazine ! 
the manhunt for the paris attackers - the new york times - 
top story : retweets isis shares image of explosive that it … see more 
isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian … — via 
looks like clock boy has been at it again ... 
most surprising part of this is that isis has a " glossy online propaganda magazine " called dabiq : 

world briefing | europe ; ireland : first gay marriage is held 
first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
congrats to cormac gollogly & richard dowling , first couple to legally marry ! 
" ireland’s first same-sex marriage ceremony was held tuesday in county tipperary after the new marriage ... 
top story : retweets first same-sex marriage ceremony held i … see more 
first marriage held in 
marriage dreams coming true on the 
voters approved - here is the 1st ceremony . 
rt first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
first same-sex marriage in ireland today ! 
douglas dalby teaching things mum can't . 
lots of things are terrible , but this is not . the first same-sex marriage in ireland : 
first same-sex marriage ceremony in ireland 
[ josh and skinner sit down . ] josh , the language doesn't prohibit same-sex marriage . josh of course it does . 

rt how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 

rt bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo 

nyt now : live updates on the terror attacks investigation 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of d … — via 
charlie hebdo : “ screw them . we have champagne . ” 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of defiance 
live updates on the terror attacks investigation – via 
how do folks feel about charlie hebdo's cover ? is it bold ? insensitive ? both ? i want to say both . 
les inrockuptibles , charlie hebdo and others remain defiant against extremism 
ahh i love the french so much . " they have weapons . screw them , we have champagne ! " 
. on the latest charlie hebdo cover , and the message of defiance in french media after 
cover junkie 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 

7 bryant park embraces its place in the city . 
7 bryant park embraces its place in city •go to for a great website with wise advice on life 
7 bryant park .... the newest office gem built thanks to the revival of bryant park 
two conclusions from this article : i need to visit 7 bryant park , and i need to read whatever harry cobb has written 

pop music might change , but adele doesn't . reviews her new album " 25 . " " 
pop music might change , but adele doesn't . joncaramanica reviews her new album " 25 . " 

blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in rugby 
" size and speed , jonah set new template in 
ny times : blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in 
rugby lost a trailblazer when jonah lomu fell to kidney disease today at 40 . kia ora , mate . 

quote of the day 

students from colleges across the us share their stories of on campus 
on campus : stories from new york times readers 
nytimes reports on racial hate crime on campus -- a pocahottie costume . 
racism on campus : stories by new york times readers . people lacking social awareness , empathy , relationship skills . 
yes . racism on campus isn't always blatant 
new york times readers were invited to describe their encounters with discrimination on campus , and tell what ... 
nyt story about " racism " on a campus includes no examples of students being excluded from academic classes/programs 
racism on campus : stories from readers . journalism prof is featured 
" [ faculty and student body are very diverse ... that makes a difference to how minorities feel on campus . " 
shoutout to prof . tom costello . rt : racism on campus : stories from ny times readers 

" bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo " 

belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbeek 
top story : retweets police raid house in troubled brussels … see more 
top police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - the new york t … see more 
police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - new york times 
- police raid house in troubled neighborhood — 

something happened in network tv that's almost unheard-of these days : a show got canceled . 

amazing . great britain plans on closing all coal-fired plants by 2025 . 
britain to close coal-fired power plants by 2025 
britain to close coal-fired power plants by 2025 see more 
britain calls for closing of coal-fired power plants by 2025 
nice to see a major conservative government commit to closing coal fired plants by 2025 . time for us to follow suit . 
<<< we'll follow them to but we won't follow their lead on action ! step up australia ! 
britain calls for closing of power plants by 2025 . 
now that is a clean power plan ! way to go uk ! 
now the eastern coast of america should take note . actually we all should go solar america ... solar/stored energy ... 
britain calls for closing of all coal-fired power plants by 2025 
great news for planet earth - the first country to ever use coal for electricity has realised coal's days are ... 
i agree with to judge climate seriousness , look first at a country's approach to coal , not renewables 
britain is planning on closing all its plants by 2025 . 
rt uk closing coal mines & plants ending coal-tech subsidies … 
britain among leaders in trying to reduce global carbon emissions . 
the uk will close all coal-fired power plants by 2025 ! next step : 
change : british government calls for closing of power plants by 2025 

director either fundamentally does not understand data security or he has a worrying civil liberties agenda . 
director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages is crucial - 
so much ugly news tonight rt post-paris , fbi/ny ag repeat calls for pre-ios8 encryption 
cybersecurity : f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to read encrypt ... 
top story : mindcasters f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to read encryp … see more 
top story : f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages … see more 
retweeted eboni k . williams ( f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to read encrypted ... 
rt the f.b.i. director repeats the call that the ability to read encrypted messages is crucial . https … 
rt fbi director james comey says again that bureau needs the ability to read encrypted messages … 
cybersecurity : f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to read encrypted mes ... unete a 
cybersecurity : f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages ... 
cybersecurity : f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages is cr ... news by newyorktimes 
the terrorist attacks in paris may have changed the politics on both encryption and a range of surveillance issues . 

the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
great piece on the resilience of life in cheers from 
former muse educator & historian of on street life & how it will endure : 
the uncommon resilience of paris street life : 
the streetlife of the blocks where the paris attacks took place is resilient : they were as busy 100yrs ago as today 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
100-yr-old postcards of paris terror sites show same streets & storefronts , treasured because so inviting 
" people still go out b/c going out is something that paris invites us to do . " fantastic piece via 
rt wonderful article by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life 
it is good to know after the paris attacks that life will continue as it has for more than a century in the ... 
paris invites you 2 " explore , take wrong turns , fall in love , protest & have a drink in the same places others have " 
" people still go out because going out is something that paris invites us to do . " vintage snaps of the 10e : 

an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead ( 
think isis = islam ? i give you the mastermind of the paris attacks ... a two bit thug whose own family despises him . 
rt isis militant whose own family wanted him dead deeply reported & a great read htt … 
rt 1/2 nyt reporting on paris attacks plotter abdelhamid abaaoud's links with al-battar battalion in syria . … 
rt first thing to know about abdelhamid abaaoud , target of this morning's paris raid : his own family wants him dead . https : … 
rt " abaaoud showed far more interest in thievery and drugs when he was a young man than in islam " 
rt the chief suspect in the paris attacks was wanted dead by his own family . 
chief suspect is an isis militant whose own family wished him dead 
1st thing to know about abaaoud , mastermind of his own family want him dead . 
rt man from who's own family want him dead 
many belgian muslims r of moroccan origin & speak a dialect found in e similar to a libyan dialect 
social networks , not communities , are often key in radicalizing and empowering those who carry out 
rt isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead how many isis were raise in belgium … 
isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead how many isis were raise in belgium ? brussels is marred ! 
rt the leader of the lived a pretty cushy life . he wasn't poor , uneducated , aggrieved etc … 
rt isis militant his own family wanted him dead by andrew higgins & 
anyone want to do the honors . 
rt attacker an militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 

charlie hebdo's latest cover offers a message of defiance 

a return to living . a show of unity . france receives a friendly embrace in england 

rt correction : carson aides say he needs weekly foreign policy briefings to " make him smart " ; didn't say he'd had them https : … 
retweeted kirsten powers ( what kind of campaign adviser says these kinds of things abt their ... 
rt what kind of campaign adviser says these kinds of things abt their candidate ? bizarre . 
ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
still leading rep polls , where ignorance is a virtue . ben carson struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
carson and trump have no experience in the most challenging and critical responsibility of the presidency . 
rt this quite a shot at carson from his own adviser 
if ben carson has to be " briefed " about foreign policy , then he doesn't need to run for president . 
his 4 top advisors quit the campaign . they couldn't make him smart ! can't do the job ! 
“ nobody has been able to sit down with him and have him get one iota of intelligent information about the middle ... 
rt the fact that this carson adviser tells the nyt this on the record just blows my mind ... https :/ … 
the link : 
ben is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
rt this is one of ben carson's top advisors : 
rt wait . dewey clarridge ( ex-cia ) is a " top advisor " to carson ?? carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy … 
rt remarkable nyt story by trip gabriel . a top advisor to ben carson says he can't grasp mideast issues . 
rt this new york times article says that ben carson is struggling 2 grasp foreign policy not qualified 2 be president htt … 
aides agree : carson struggles on foreign policy 
' raises the question of what just kind of people are pulling carson’s puppet strings & why ' 
* face/palm * every time this guy opens his mouth , he gets less and less presidential . 
rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy -- and that's what his own aides say ! 
rt wow . this quote about ben carson is not from a rival campaign , but his own adviser … 
rt nice little grace note here : the iran-contra alum who advises ben carson on nat sec calls the russians " soviets " : … 
ben carson's advisors say he is having difficult time understanding foreign policy 
he apparently got it from an freelance operative . 
big roadblock for he needs to bone up on communicating sound foreign policy . nyt article explains 
not an entry-level position ! is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
rt shorter extempers have a better grasp of foreign policy than 
for the foreign policy may just be too much for him to handle . 
rt one of ben carson's foreign policy advisers said what ? 
in which carson's campaign throws one of its senior intelligence advisors under the bus for admitting he's clueless 
rt this is carson's own advisor , on the record . 
rt fascinatingly indirect way of reporting that man running for president and leading in some polls doesn't know shit . https … 
struggling2grasp foreign policy luv the campaign contradicting itself . but do the care ? 

isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " 
rt isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " … 

rt this 3-week-old girl is the last known ebola patient in active treatment in the world … 

rt best correction ever ? 
rt adele’s “ 25 ” has one transcendent , face-melting song , a bunch of good ones , and one by tobias jesso jr. … 
review : adele holds firm on ‘ 25 , ’ even as pop shifts 
rt correction of the day 
best correction in the adele album review 
rt excellent nyt correction , via 
review : holds firm on ‘ 25 , ’ even as pop shifts : 
weighs in on adele's 25 , out 11/20 
sometimes i feel like makes mistakes just so it can have fun correcting them 

he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
“ i know it’s pathetic , but this was one of the things that allowed me to try to keep some hope , ” he said . 
nytimes : he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped … 
escaping the bataclan with a bloodied drumstick — via 

we’re living longer . that’s great , except for social security . 
. on how can accommodate more americans retiring but living longer lives 
this is an interesting look at what social security is facing , with some solutions that need to be considered . 
here is an interesting look at where we are and what we can do to fix the problem social security is facing . 
we live longer . that's great , except for social security : fix ss by taking more money in & sending less out ( nyt ) 
we’re living longer . that’s great , except for via 
despite the political challenges , fixing social security is rather simple : take more money in , send less money out … 
not sexy , but can't be ignored in any election cycle . 
we're living longer . that's great , except for social security . 
social security tinkering to make it work for our grandkids . 
by the numbers : we’re longer . that’s great , except for 
very clear take on security from via 

the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to residents and commuters 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
top story : retweets paris : updates on the terror attacks - … see more 

early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening 
studies find declines in screening and early detection of prostate cancer 
according to two recent studies published in the journal of the american medical association , fewer men are being ... 
psa isn't perfect but we can be smarter about using it , vanderbilt's david penson tells 
rt studies find prostate screening , early detection declines . 220k new cases expected in ' 15 https : … 
how can we lower the cost of medical care ? screen fewer men for prostate cancer , and discover fewer cases . brilliant 
early cases fall along with 
here's exactly why men should be screened for prostate cancer - early detection ! 
. reports : fewer men screened for prostate and fewer early-stage cases detected . 
early cancer cases fall along with 
rt studies find declines in screening and early detection of via - 
dave penson gives great interview in nyt on prostate cancer screening 
rt fewer men get screened for prostate cancer , and fewer cases are being found . is this good or bad ? time will tell . https : … 
early prostate cases fall along with screening 
“ with psa testing , we often detect cancers that don’t need to be treated " prostate advice put in doubt by new study 
less screening & less early detection of prostate cancer : declines could have public health implications ( nyt ) 
why significant , concerning that early stage prostate cancer cases are falling as screening drops ? that's the point 

the band eagles of death metal makes a statement on the paris attacks . read it in full : 
nuff said ⚡ 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
" heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid " fails 
rt french police raid targets mastermind … 
french police raid targets mastermind 🇫🇷 

france unsure if raid killed top suspe ... 
so two days ago we didn't know whether ʿabbūd was in europe or syria . now we don't know if we killed him or not . 
rt france unsure if raid killed top suspect ... 
rt breaking news : two people died in a raid near paris , including one who blew herself up , and the police arrested 7 … 
like typical opportunistic power-grabbing tyrant , hollande wants sweeping new authority 2 restrict citizens ' liberty 
nytimes 2015 11 19 world europe paris attacks 
rt woman in explosive vest among 3 killed in police raid ... 
french don't know if they got mastermind yet . 
" george bush cr8d largest terrorist factory in the world when he invaded iraq , defeated then disbanded iraqi army .. " 
the raid was the most spectacular of an aggressive counterterrorism campaign the french govt has been conducting 
rt links(pt 2 ): isis attacks : -paris timeline : -paris suspects : -beirut : htt … 
rt if raid top suspect ... 
nytimes : unsure if raid killed top suspect in paris attacks 

rt what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis … 
boingboing : rt nytimes : what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis … 

" family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it was murder " 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
" let’s go see what god created . " 
intersting read that offers alternative but still negative narrative on police-civillian interactions in idaho town 
some of tight-knit dynamics ; interesting piece from on " anger , doubt " after fatal encounter 
annals of idaho : white conservatives also don't like it when their loved ones are shot and killed by the police 
anger and doubt rise after man’s encounter with 
good boy ; dindu nuffin . 
police are shooting good ol ' boys now . wonder if that will change any attitudes ? 
anger and doubt rise after idaho ranch owner's fatal encounter with deputies 
idaho deputies fatally shot a local man and his small western town seeks his justice 
family of man by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man's fatal encounter with deputies - new york times 

senate votes to block obama’s climate change rules 
dear gop leadership , the future of humanity is at stake . get your heads out of your butts and face reality . 
so sad to politicize science . senate votes to block obama’s climate change rules 
rt rejects epa regs , but lacks veto-proof supermajority 
senate blocks obama's climate change rules - 
stand w/ as he defends our against yesterday's senate vote to dismantle 
stand with barack obama as he defends our against yesterday's senate vote to dismantle 
rt senate blocks obama’s rules - obama has promised a veto 
10 more democratic senators would make all the difference ... vote blue and vote mid-term elections !! " the senate ... 
while american's were distracted , the senate blocked new climate change regulations . 
senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
senate blocks obama's rules - 
rt breaking : " hoping to undermine his negotiating authority " , senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
rt senate votes to bury heads deeper in the sand on reveals depth of allegiance to fossil fuel industry … 
rt shameful and insane --> related : 
yesterday , the senate voted to repeal the thankfully , promised to veto and 
yesterday , senate voted to block centerpiece of policy 
rt senate blocks obama’s climate change rules : nyt evil anti-science haters … 
the republican senate blocking solutions to climate change . not surprising , yet still a disgrace . 
rt the senate blocks president obama’s climate change rules . via … 
senate votes to block cc 
thank you senator ayotte of new hampshire 

watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terror attacks . 
watch live : obama holds news conference 
watching live @ notre dame cathedral in paris , a memorial service 
live now . 
watch live : memorial service at cathedral of notre-dame 
paris under siege -- watch live here 
watch live : attacks in paris - the new york times 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 
an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead - the new york times 
live coverage : paris attacks 
updates on the 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
we should not give the gift of hate via 
the raid is over , but residents are advised to stay put . see all updates on our live blog : 
eddie 

nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 
nytimes : nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 

rt if you agree : refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 
international relations stories u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned … see more 
u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats ’ 
" many are fleeing extremism and terrorism – from the very people associated with the paris attacks . " 
it breaks my heart that the even has to make this statement : " refugees should not be scapegoats , " via 
live coverage | un agency says refugees should not be turned into ' scapegoats ' - new york times 
refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats’! unhcr statement says it all : 

your tuesday briefing 
your tuesday briefing - the new york times 
start your day with : " your via 
your briefing 

race 
: well , looks like in the long-run kong trump has shaken another one off the log , see ya , wouldn't wanna be ya !... 
might be an unpopular view but if we're talking lesser of evils in the gop race , jindal was one . 
not his time , i agree . 
if it's ever bobby jindal's time it will be my time to leave the country 
bobby jindal quits repub presidential race wrecking ball bobby throws in the towel ... and leaves the demolition site 
jindal asked his supporters to move to mike huckabee . that should move mike to double digits ... 17 total supporters ... 
piyush , what took you so long ? quits republican presidential race 
famous last words : " we spent a lot of time developing detailed policy papers . " ( louisiana governor bobby jindal ) 
rt race 
“ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time , ” - drops out via 
now what am i supposed to do with all of these red and green " jindal all the way ! " sweaters ? 
rt days before the vitter-edwards vote , jindal drops out 
rt a bit more , with on the rise and fall of jindal > 
nytimes : jindal drops bid for the republican nomination one more drops out . who's next ? 

our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
rt rt nytimes : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of … 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate " there is hope 

i love brussels sprouts and these sliders look yummy . 
brussels sprouts sliders 
looking for a side dish or appetizer for the vegetarians at your celebration ? 

what travelers can expect in paris 

rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in the french national police said . … 
diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in st. -denis 
heroes come in all shapes and sizes . thank you for your bravery , diesel . 
this just destroys me , zero respect for any life . send isis to hell . via nytimesworld 
diesel , police dog , killed in raid on terrorists , which may included female suicide bomber 
rt a police dog named diesel died in st. -denis raid 
retweeted new york times world ( diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in ... 

love brussels sprouts ? we have an idea for you . 

rt the cult of the toto toilet 
" the cult of the toto toilet " think you can relate . 
nytimes : the cult of the toto toilet 

rt two of ben carson's top advisers say he's struggling to grasp foreign policy 
we can't be experts in everything . i can't perform brain surgery , but i wouldn't attempt it . 

