rt after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via 
after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via nytopinion 
" after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via " = f 

pasta with fried lemons and chile flakes 
pasta with fried lemons and chile flakes i am to lazy to cook this . so you can make it 

britain to close its coal-fired power stations by 2025 

at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court 
rt cravefornews at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court … 
rt rt nytimes : at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the … 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 
nytimesarts : rt nytimes : must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . … 

gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 

rebuilding photo by tyler hicks/nyt 
town of kobani , scarred by isis , strives to rebuild 
world has had economic growth since 1450/gutenberg . now ... no more . ever . we stop fighting or we destroy ourselves 
if you have a war you won't be able to rebuild . the only option is to not have a war in the first place . 
syrian town of kobani , which managed to expel isis with kurdish help , is trying to rebuild itself . heart-warming 
ny times does not understand too costly to rebuild : we are now in a post-growth world . 
rt kobani , syria , is trying now to overcome the deep scars of war and rebuild 
“ they didn’t leave us anything , not our sons , our money , our homes . ” kobani , scarred by isis , strives to rebuild 
town of scarred by , strives to rebuild 
kobani journal : town of kobani , scarred by isis , strives to … 

paris prosecutor describes st. -denis raid and gun battle — via nytimesworld 
" french prosecutor says abdelhamid abaaoud , suspect ... " from the new york times ( 
paris prosecutor describes st. -denis raid & gun battle 
top story : retweets paris prosecutor describes st. -denis ra … see more 

witnesses describe raid in st. -denis via 
the scene at paris raid looks like from john woo's film : gun battling while pigeon flying 
witness describes raid in st. -denis 
security forces swarm paris suburb via 

france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees 
france still planning to accept 30,000 fefugees , hollande says 
this is what doing the right thing looks like 
still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says fantastic attitude ! via nytimesworld 
yes ! france still plans to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
still planning to accept 30,000 hollande says - the new york times oldest 
rt american politicians should draw a lesson from hollande instead of pandering to fear via nytime … 
rt france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
rt “ the people running from iraq and syria are attacked by the very same people who attacked us . ” … 
still plans to take 30k thoroughly to ensure they do not pose a threat 
watch the uppercut . i think this fact alone derails any argument of americans denying access to refugees . 
the french always make the us look bad and we've always made fun of them . here they go again . s/ 
france still planning to accept 30,000 hollande says 
isis , you just lost this battle >>> vive la france ! 
live and learn .. 
. do some research b4 spewing ignorance 
now those are some humanitarian balls . france accepting 30k refugees . can we do more than 10k , ? 
by not giving in to misguided fear , is standing with france . 
vive la refuge : french pres hollande says his country will still accept 30,000 syrian refugees in the next 2 years . 
rt all the american policy makers talking about not accepting syrian refugees - seriously , gfy . 
the moral thing to do . never again . 
still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
ummmmm ( but good news that france will continue to accept refugees ) 
btw even after attacks , france still accepting 30k refugees . here in the us ... only fear . 
they must be super scary people . 
glad to hear innocent refugees won't be penalized for violence committed by the people they are fleeing from 
france will lead by example and take in the 30,000 syrian refugees it said it would before last friday's attack 


racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 
revjjackson : rt nytimes : racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 

breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest 
breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest via 
" breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest " by roni caryn rabin 
breast milk may provide the ideal nourishment for an infant , but two recent studies are putting a different spin on … 
rt breast-feeding is good for mothers protects women from a particularly vicious cancer ; “ reset ” button f … 
not new theory . revisited reality . mammals . breastfeeding is about repro rights/autonomy . 
rt from diabetes , cardiac , cancer , and metabolic differences , breastfeeding could be good for the health of the ... … 
breast-feeding is good for mothers protects women from a particularly vicious cancer ; “ reset ” button for metabolism 

rt of all the belgium lockdown twitter cats this may be my favorite . story here : … 
twitter cats to the rescue in brussels lockdown 
rt faced with it's twitter cats to the rescue ( photo : … 
more cat pic coverage in the 
bravo to brussels when govt asked residents to refrain from 
i didn't know you were involved in this 
i have new found love + appreciation for belgians as they fight terror w/ cats 
tweet by addl . commissioner of police - west bengaluru city . shri . pratap reddy , ips what a ... 
in face of terror , post awesome belgian effort to keep leaks . & 
twitter cats to the rescue in via 
cats takeover the lockdown in brussels . 
rt cats ( okay , sometimes dogs , too ) own the internet : to the rescue in brussels lockdown 
icymi : police ask belgians not to tweet about to flood they instead tweet cat pictures . 
tweets beaucoup de in answer to lockdown . 
cats will save the world : twitter cats to the rescue in 
humorous cats to the rescue in brussels lockdown ! 
. i assume this'll be the subject of your next dispatch - twitter cats to rescue in brussels lockdown 
solidarity through cat photos ? 


" in mexico , mennonite farmers struggle with water shortage " 
stunning photos from of mennonites in mexico . 
beautiful photos about a world i never knew existed in mexico . " mexico , mennonite farmers struggle w/water shortage " 
rt davidfurstnyt : stunning photos from berehulak of mennonites in mexico . 
incredible photos by daniel berehulak looking at mennonite farmers in mexico 
meanwhile ... underground reservoirs have been drained by thirsty crops , like corn , that are the mainstay of the … 
unknown author teaching things mum can't . 


reviewed after 
" the biggest sporting venues may have to adopt security setups similar to those at airports " 
piece on the of sporting event security after paris terror attacks 
great summary by on the heightened security protocols at sporting events all over the world post-paris 
stadiums , arena security are being reviewed after the paris terror attacks : 
ceo of brc , quoted in today's on stadium security after the paris terror attacks 
patrick j . brosnan , a counter-terrorism analyst and the ceo of brosnan risk consultants , is quoted in todays new ... 
in madrid on saturday , they will even search fans ' sandwiches . on stadium security after paris attacks . 
1,400 private security workers would be used to reinforce a police force of at least 1,000 officers for el clásico 

rt breaking news : french officials are seeking a belgian who has fought for isis as the mastermind of the paris attacks … 
call to arms in france amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
rt it is critical that " war " on does not subvert democracy or become a crusade against muslims . … 
one paris attacker entered europe in wave of migrants , officials confirm - new york times 
belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack , official says - new york times 
abaaoud was already a suspect in a failed jan plot in belgium & aug plot 2 shoot passengers on paris-brussels train 
abdelhamid abaaoud was already wanted for a terrorist plot that was foiled in january . the fren .. 
rt false reports of gunfire during vigil highlights the anxiety in paris . more news here : … 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspects 
rt belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack 
raid brussels area in search for terror suspect 
french version of usa patriot act “ … called on monday for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists . " 
the world salutes the french victims but nothing on the russian victims of the plane : double standard ... 
rt next you'll tell me this man isn't really belgian https : … 
paris attacks plotted by belgian who fought for isis , french officials say 
so this sounds like the setup to something like l'acte de patriote 
nyt : president hollande calls for constitutional amendments to fight potential terrorists at home , 
on-the-run paris suspect salah abdeslam was stopped by the french police on saturday but was let go when his paper … 
hacker news - french president hollande seeks to amend constitution 
hollande seeks new legislation that would create more flexibility for combating 
" our democracy has prevailed over much more formidable opponents than these cowardly assassins , " mr. hollande ,... 
call to arms in amid hunt for belgian suspect in 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspect in 
rt president hollande vows revocation of french citizenship for dual nationals convicted of terrorism http … 
the mastermind leader of the paris attack was not syrian or middle eastern but belgian ! 
holland calls 4 new powers after paris attacks lets show isis whos boss by giving up our rights 
d'you suppose hollande will call it the " patriot act " , too ? " mr. hollande called for quick action by parliament ... 
rt if we continue to follow us & france foreign policy to absurdity , they should be bombing raqqa , brussels & chartres . ht … 
" france is at war . " -- president hollande . 
" terrorism will not destroy the republic , because it is the republic that will destroy it . " dat juxtaposition doe . 
french government turns up the heat on isis . what are the " exceptional " measures here ? civil liberties in trouble ? 
thoughts ? 
fr pres calls for const amendments that would give the gov flexibility to conduct raids without a warrant 
president hollande , what you are requesting is a slippery slope sir . 

an early-morning raid north of paris 
an early-morning raid north of paris : the french police conducted a raid in st. -denis aimed at detaining ... 


with mere 20-step us review process for syrian refugees , i can see why the demagogues worry . 
the 20 step refugee resettlement process that has bigoted politicians and islamophobes so worried . 
rt why it takes two years to screen syrian refugees trying to get into the us 
rt here's why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the united states … 
rt syrians already subject to additional checks than other refugees . here's the process : … 
why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
why it takes two years for to enter the us 
rt why syrian refugees must wait two years to enter the united states . 
rt good information on the current screening process in place for syrian refugees → 
rt why it takes 2 years for to enter the u.s. via 
rt why it takes 2 years for to enter the u.s. -- an overview of the complete vetting process : … 
an examination of the actual timeline and review of refugee applications , whether from syria or some other ... 
rt worst possible way to smuggle in terrorists . 
why it takes two years for to enter the u.s. 
rt explanatory/visual article on the 2-year process behind syrian refugees entering u.s. 

calls on beijing to stop construction in 
calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea - ny times 
glad to see leaders collaborating 
says must stop south reclamation | 
terror crisis finally some action ! oops ... wrong action obama calls on beijing to stop construction in s china sea 
obama calls on beijing to stop in south china sea | + 
called on to halt its construction on reclaimed islands in the south china sea | 
calls on to stop construction in - 
" sure . happy to oblige ....... sike . " 
meanwhile in - 
" calls on to stop construction in south china sea " 
president obama on wednesday called on china to stop building on contested islands in the south china sea ,... 
nice try , mr. president , but you know perfectly well they're not gonna stop ... 

lost in all of the syrian refugee hysteria is question of why pres . obama is only willing to admit 10,000 refugees . 
it's really depressing to me that the world is just now waking up to what has been going on in syria for years 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks 
rt white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & … 
gop : obama refugee vetting “ doesn’t sound at all robust to me " white house affirms syrian refugee plan 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & humane 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

a rallying cry in paris : 
" tous au bistrot ! " “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
yes , yes , yes . " a rallying cry in paris : ' everyone to the bar!' " 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
love this : a rallying cry in paris : everyone to the bar ! via 
good food , wine , friendships , & laughter remind us once again why we do what we do <3 
for my " drink ! " students . a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ 
“ it will be an act of peaceful resistance ” 
a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar!’ - the new york times 
one of the many ways that new yorkers and parisians are kindred spirits 
a very act of defiance . — “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
a rallying cry in paris : tous au bistrot ~ everyone to the local bar-restaurant ! 
that's the way to do it . " a rallying cry in paris : ‘ everyone to the bar ! " 
i'll drink to that ! 
parisian restaurant owners are calling for a very french act of defiance . tous au bistrot via 
you know the best way to stay alive ? you keep living . rallying call in paris , via 
let's stand in solidarity with these parisians ! get to the bar ! 
" go to a place where you can have a beer , some peanuts , a plate of sausages , anything " 
" “ everyone to the bar ! ” ... ( ... and have a white russian on me ...! ) 


putting the chicken before the egg 
cleaner eggs are hatching everywhere . 
re-imagining the food supply , w poultry & dairy cows in the open air : putting chicken before egg by 
fascinated , operationally speaking , in this approach to farming . would be interesting to visit a setup like this . 
terrific story on pastued eggs . 
improving the eggs before they are hatched 
✍ improving the eggs before they are hatched nytimes 
china news- improving the eggs before they are hatched 
( improving the eggs before they are hatched : while still a minuscule portion of t ... ( 
how to improve eggs before they are hatched 
the market , while still small , is growing fast for pastured eggs , which means that hens live in housing that allows them to spend much of their day in open pasture . 

details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 
details for bataclan attack found on cellphone in paris trash can … — via 
rt : pls flw a … 
the manhunt for the paris attackers - the new york times 
nytimes : details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 

2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
global islamist terror : two air france flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over phoned bomb threats ... from usa 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over concerns 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over security concerns - new york times 
leia no > 2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over secur … see more 
2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over security concerns - 

adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer , dies at 90 
" guests recalled that the point of no return came when she told her husband that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " 
adele mailer , artist stabbed in the heart by husband norman mailer , dies at 90 via 
rt nyt obit for adele mailer , who then-husband norman mailer stabbed after she said he wasn't as good as dostoyevsky … 
adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer , dies at 90 - new york times 
norman mailer's wife said he wasn't as good a writer as so he stabbed her . true story . 
the world has lost a woman who was made of art . read this for her absolutely brilliant " man eater " quote . what a ... 
adele mailer dies at 90 
“ after he died ... all she could say was ‘ he was a monster . ’" adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer dies 
another fine obit from grimes 
adele mailer obit is a crazy slice of ny history . unnamed judge ftw . 
the original adele — mailer , that is : “ i decided i was going to be that beautiful temptress who ate men alive . " 
adele mailer , --" she had a romance with jack kerouac " -- the artist who married norman mailer , dies at 90 
adele mailer , norman mailer's ex-wife ( who he stabbed ) & daughter of typesetter , dies at 90 
some said " the point of no return came when she told her husband that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " 
brooklyn in the building via nyt 
the nyt obituary for adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer 
mrs. mailer embraced the downtown arts scene and a bohemian lifestyle . in 1960 , her husband stabbed her in the heart . 

rt what china has been building in the south china sea 
rt why build aircraft carriers when you can build islands ? 
rt what has been building in the south china sea 


anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
nytimes : anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 


microsoft , once infested with security flaws , does an about-face ( 
rt yes has changed . once infested with security flaws , it has done an about-face 
sheds reputation as an easy mark for 
the once-flawed has turned its reputation around and cleaned up its act . details from 
microsoft sheds reputation as an easy mark for via 
where we learn that microsoft spends more than $1 billion a year on security-related initiatives : 
impresses even the toughest experts . launches operations center 
rt once infested with flaws , does an about-face 
rt sheds reputation as an easy mark for hackers - 
interesting reading on corporate citizenship 
microsoft is now leading the field in terms of security . a real shift of mentality thus reshaping market perception . 


morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
where isis claims it has struck , and why via 


thanksgiving recipes - nyt cooking 
looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative recipes a try ! 
brilliant menu planner - thanksgiving recipes 
all the recipes you need for thursday . 
this site by is beautifully done ! don't mind me .. i'll be home drooling tonight . 
it's a great time to start thinking about thanksgiving recipes ! check out a few cooking tips and tricks here : 
an interactive meal planner for holiday feasts . via 
thanksgiving guide 
how to make potatoes - nyt cooking 
loading … 
yummy recipes for thanksgiving from the new york times ! 
the thanksgiving recipes are up . i feel stuffed just looking at them ! - nyt cooking 
amazing 
let's see if my meal is edible this year . i try and try and try . 
new york times interactive thanksgiving menu planner 🦃 
getting lost in this thanksgiving meal planner feature . everything looks so good . ( maybe b/c it's dinner time rn ) 
our menu planner will help you craft the best thanksgiving for everyone at your table . 
build your go big or go home , i say : thanksgiving recipes 
rt how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . https : … 
what are your upcoming thanksgiving plans ? will you be traveling or will travelers be visiting you in long beach ?... 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - the new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - new york times 
web dsign 
seo website builder soccer stadiu ... 
police have found an ambulance packed with explosives outside soccer match in 

photos : an early-morning raid north of paris 

john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against islamic state i ... 
diplomatic memo : john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against islamic state ... 
diplomatic memo : john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against isl ... unete a 
john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against islamic state in syria : abu dhabi , united arab emira ... 
cyberanonymous : nytpolitics : diplomatic memo : john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against islamic st … 
no wonder kerry is considering ahrar as possible partners . look who he's consulting 
nyt > orta doğu : diplomatic memo : john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against islamic ... 
john kerry said he would like to see u . s . -led effort against isis in syria “ go faster ” 
secretary of state john kerry said monday that he would like to see the american-led military and diplomatic effort in syria “ go faster . ” 


agriculture linked to dna changes in ancient europe 
changes to human dna altering height , digestion , immune , skin , after agriculture arrived in europe 8,500 years ago 
linked to changes in ancient via 
linked to changes in ancient more on fascinating research just published 
a crop of mutations . how farming escalated human evolution . good insights : by 
piece by on the massive 230-person ancient dna study , looking at 6,000 years of natural selection : 
genome analysis of ancient dna links agriculture with dna changes in europe 
" how agriculture may have changed the skin color and height of ancient europeans " 
rt decoding european dna . milk digestion , skin color , height & invaders . via … 
you are what you eat ? well , not exactly , but apparently we are who we are because of what they ate , 8,500 years ... 

really important to keep facts together when we talk about the process of approval can take ... 
rt “ the last thing a refugee agency wants to do is give in to this un-american , political and knee-jerk reaction . ” … 
rt indiana gov's ban on syrian refugees forces aid groups to scramble to find family a home https :/ … 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees shame on you gov . pence ! 
foundation grantee makes national news . 
after being vetted/waiting for 3 yrs - 11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 
we put the well being of the refugee family ahead of politics . 
indianapolis or new haven .... if you ask me they lucked out . 
syrian refugees deserve better . insane to be turned away from states after such an arduous journey to resettlement 
one ? here : will fed settle refugees in all states ? as long as other states are willing , no need to push . 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as bars syrian refugees 
this is why i will sink connecticut into the long island sound . 
nov . 19 , 2015 - - syrian family diverted from indiana after governor denies admission 
rt 11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars 
bravo connecticut for accepting this syrian family that was turned away by the state of indiana . 
11th-hour detour puts family in ct as indiana bars syrian refugees ; excellent description of refugee vetting . 
indiana goes on my boycott list . a shameful . 
rt indiana asked private refugee agency to redirect syrian refugees family , and agency then found them a new home https://… 
yes ! opening doors and hearts when hateful governors don't . thank you , new haven ! 

isis shares an image of the explosive it says brought down a russian jet 

end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
end sought to fantasy sites in ny . would be extrodinairy if this industry is killed by regulation 
. expanding on sites 
ny attorney general seeks to end dfs ; yahoo added to inquiry . 
end sought 2 fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said 2 be added to inquiry this rebuts yahoo 4 content 
attorney general seeks to stop fanduel and draftkings 
add yahoo sports to the list of daily fantasy sites involved in the new york attorney general's investigation .... 
yes , eric schneiderman is after yahoo too ... 
ny state attorney general is expanding his investigation into daily fantasy sports sites 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company ( ny times ) . 
top story : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added t … see more 
avoid bloomberg businessweek if you crave accuracy . yahoo info here : 
marissa mayer must think illegal gambling and socially irresponsible activities like this are okay if they make $$ . 
end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to … 
end sought to fanduel and draftkings in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
looks like yahoo might be swept up in the fight between new york and daily fantasy sports sites fanduel/draftkings 
rt yahoo now under scrutiny by ny attorney general over its daily fantasy sports games . $yhoo http:// 
end sought to sites in is said to be added to inquiry 

the expanding web of connections among the paris attackers 
rt the paris attackers used facebook , not encryption … and in an isis dedicated group ! … 
rt the paris attackers used facebook , not encryption & were known to the french authorities . https :/ … 
the expanding web of connections among the paris attackers 
rt the attackers used not & in an dedicated group ! 
rt so to be clear : none of the 5 paris attackers identified so far is syrian . 

planned parenthood sues texas in dispute over funding for clinics 
rt planned parenthood sues texas in dispute over funding for clinics go , a win would help so many . 
partial birth , federal funding for family planning clinics . . . 
planned parenthood sues texas in dispute over funding for … 
the group called the action by texas , which has some of the toughest abortion restrictions in the country , politically motivated and without merit . 

the paris attackers : who were they ? 
prevention of radicalism ; possible only through cooperation w/ muslim immigrants paris attackers : who were they ? 
paris attackers : who were they ? and why do we care abt ppl with shitloads of q's in their shitty names ? 
why would they do this ? painful 2 watch , important 2 know . the attackers the victims : 
who were the attackers in paris ? video . 
rt a snapshot of seven men suspected in the paris attacks . who were they ? by 
who are the paris attackers ? very informative video piece by my colleague 

a doctor explains why he provides abortions in the south 

fake instagram , a chance to be real 
rt from the " more than half of the 92% of teens ages 13 to 17 who go online daily use instagram " https : … 
“ life becomes a never-ending junior varsity “ vanity fair ” shoot , ” 
finstagram ! 
have you heard of “ finstagram ” accounts ? 
the secret ' friend zone ' and 
news flash : users discover social interaction on instagram is all bullshit . * yawn * --> 
teenagers trend to fake instagram accounts , ' splintering as self-preservation . ' 
are " finstagrams " a real thing ?? am i really that old that ny times had to tell me what this is ?? 
' for many young people , social media has become a burden , a part of life that must be managed . ' 
using fake instagram to be real . on popularity of nyt graphic more : 
full story : 
can't deal . 
a chance to show the real you on ' finstagram ' , or fake instagram . 
( fake instagram for your real friends ) on the rise in us - a chance to show your real self ?! 
teens , 20s , carefully constructed ' image ' reigns , insincerity trumps reality 
teens are using their fake instagrams to express their " real " selves . we live in a strange world my friends 
fake instagram is freeing for those living photo-shopped lives . 
for many people , social media has become a burden , a part of life that must be managed ... brands need to pay attentio … 
on fake a chance to be real 

french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking the public not to publicize the locations 
don't publicize police action on social media , say french police , it impedes operations 
french police ask people not to share locations of nationwide checkpoints they set up : 
🇺🇸 french police set up checkpoints all over france , but asking the public not to publicize the locations ( ny times ) 

how the $pfe-$agn deal ranks by equity value , no . 3 behind vodafone-mannesmann and aol-time warner , says 
how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks 
actually , $4.1 t in 2007 = $4.7 t today , so m&a in 2015 has not eclipsed 2007 
the new york times article - how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks 
additional ?! er , primary . " for pfizer there was an additional motivation , lowering its tax rate by moving to dublin " 
the deal between pfizer-allergan biggest in history between pharmaceutical companies ..... 
rt $155 billion of pfizer and allergan is the largest of all time 
$155 billion of and is the largest of all time 
with an equity value of $152 billion , the merger is the largest since the heady days of 2000 . 

donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals 
donald trump's hosting of ' snl ' means equal airtime for rivals - new york times 
ben carson : " i don’t know if , on the basis of that , you can say all muslims are bad people ” what ?! 
trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime 4 rivals how about equal time 4 latinos , muslims , blacks ?!! 
george pataki , et al . bravely fight for equal airtime with donald trump on saturday night live 
first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for … 
rt wow . trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals . 
first draft : donald trump's hosting of ' s . n . l . ' means equal airtime for rivals 
( first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for riv ... ( shaquille ) 

when turns itself off 
when tv turns itself off - 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " on tv cancellations : https :/ … 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares ... it matters . even the silly stuff . " 
choice 3 : tv turns itself off as ' art imitates life . ' good idea or should ' the show go on' ? 
why " homeland . " showtime chose to broadcast it despite the terrorist strike in paris . 
' pop culture is how we dream collectively , ' we shouldn't be surprised when extremists attack it via 
after bloodshed , tv can be cathartic , or insensitive 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " … 
rt new : on tragedy , terrorism dramas and why pulp entertainment is not just appropriate but necessary . 
james on why the tendency of tv nets to pull episodes that echo terrorist attacks isn't necessarily good 
should tv networks cancel , postpone or rearrange their schedules in response to terrorist attacks ? 
when terrorists strike , television networks respond , sometimes sensitively and other times perhaps unnecessarily . 
rt great point by 
when broadcast tv self censors … " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . it matters . even the silly stuff . " 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares — communal , cathartic ... " 


france-england game is a friendly in every sense of the word 
" one of the great joys in soccer is its vocabulary . " 
in light of the tragedy in paris , everyone came together during the france/england game 
op-ed : < /span > explaining terror to children 
last night's france vs . england redefined the meaning of a football ( soccer ) ' friendly ' 
followers that love soccer , this is worth time about the france-england friendly and what it means : 
“ la marseillaise ” during the friendly was uplifting to hear beyond any measure 
game is a in every sense of the word 
this france-england friendly game meant nothing , but nothing felt like everything . 
sometimes a friendly is just that . on england-france , which meant nothing but felt like everything . 
" the players had a duty to show the unstoppable tumble that is being alive . " 
friendly steeped in fraternity . all wembley sings “ la marseillaise ” at france-england match . sniff , 
this // normally , the visiting team’s anthem would be played first ; on this night , “ la marseillaise ” was played last 
france-england game was a friendly in every sense of the word 
lovely match report on a " friendly " between france and england 
lovely , lovely match report on france-england " friendly " 
france receives a friendly embrace in england 

iceland has more books published and read per person than anywhere else in the world 
has more published & per person than any other country . 📚 via . 

as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality 
my short post on fb's french flag debacle , and how the lebanese flag made it to profile pics without facebook's help 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — vía nytimesworld 
facebook french flag profile picture change erupts inequality discussion via 
damned if you do , damned if you don't! complaints of inequality for french flag filter . via 
thats why i did not change my profile picture as french flag 
as tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
top story : retweets as social media tributes pop up , so do … see more 
social media tributes-complaints of inequality - helping all cries have the option to be heard — via 
why did blatantly ignore and do nothing when warned . 


storm system batters colorado and texas 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night , nothing felt like everything . 

rt french return to cafes in a show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” … 
rt rt french return to cafes show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” https … 

meet some of our top commenters 
" meet some of our top commenters " - meets - 
notice how many of the top commenters are writers 
ny times demonstrates its ideological diversity . not ! bias . meet some of our top commenters 
a really neat idea ... " meet some of our top commenters " 
meta enough for you ? 936 comments on piece on best commenters : 
great example of how to nurture + spotlight top community members via --> meet some of our top commenters 
rt the ny times respects and touts people who post excellent comments . maybe this is why there are exc … 
the 95 year old poet is amazing 
these people are awesome . 
this is really nice ! meet some of our top commenters 
" mr. carnicelli said he hopes to influence the political dialogue with his comments . " i can't even : 
this is lovely . well done , and nyt community . 
raise your hand if you want to profile their least influential followers for part 2 
meet some of the " top commenters " on eclectic group . 
rt this is awesome . : " meet some of our top commenters " 
i love this : meet some of top commenters : 
love this feature -- instead of slamming/disregarding commenters , want you to meet some of them : 
somehow i think the scmp commenters would be slightly different . new york times : meet some of our top commenters 
rt meet the nyt's top commenters . this is an amazing group of humans : 
. wades into one of the most dangerous places of all on assignment for the ny times : the comment section . 
rt meet the top commenters at including the 95-year-old wwii vet who responds in poetry . … 
meet some of nyt's top commenters 
rt “ i see that no one has said what i’m thinking , and i’m like , ‘ wait , i can’t be the only person . ’” on commenting : … 
the times profiled their top commenters and identified them by their screennames i love this so much ahhhh <3 
rt unexpected 
rt love this post by profiling some of their top commenters . 
who are the commenters in comment sections ? interviews top commenters but fails to analyze their influence . 
if only all commenters were this thoughtful . 
a real slice of humanity : here are some of the top commenters , including chelsea handler's brother 
interviewed and took some photographs of some of its top commenters . i thought it was really cool 
rt this is cool . the highlights their top commentators 
this is different , and awesome : profiles of top contributors to the -- their commenters : 
this is adorable : 
rt this is a brilliant way to help build a valuable community via 
rt well done the new york times . an excellent exercise in audience engagement . 
14 people who make us glad to be reading the comments 
a presbyterian minister . an electrical engineer . a science fiction writer . these are some of the most influential contributors to nytimes.com . 

ireland holds its first same-sex marriage ceremony 


" there is no joy in isis , " the mighty hath spoke out 
joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? she is brilliant , prolific , and my hero ! leave her alone 
joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing " joyous " in isis ? 
you deserve this 4 signing the anti-hebdo letter this year . you simply don't express yourself well . 
ny times reporting on jco isis tweets , money quote from douthat . self-parody , or are we just a monstrous society ? 
questions are critical . unfettered inquiry is the only force that can oppose poisonous ideology : 
author joyce carol oates comes under fire over tweets about 
joyce carol oates on isis : what is clear is that human beings can't live for long without meaning in their lives . 
the new york times quoted none other than redkahina in its article about joyce carol oates ' isis tweet lmao 
the author was criticized after she posed a question on twitter about the islamic state . 

rt marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
y esto es lo peligroso " le pen’s anti-islam speech gains influence in france " 
de lo peor ... marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 

for market debut , square scales back valuation by $3 billion - 
what is driving the private & public valuation arbitrage ? 
rt square prices its i.p.o. at $9 : the price of $9 a share is below the marketed range , a sign that the party for ... … 
rt all this valuation/ratchet talk ! the entire dilution is $87m , or 3% . it's really nbd . … 
for its i.p.o. , square scales back valuation by $3 billion 
for its scales back by $3 billion 
current unicorn valuations create ipo overhang for two decades 
happy holiday season ! quinn records tm top-10 song chart for friday november 20 , 2015 is posted … 
" square " scales back says ... 
for its ipo , square scales back valuation by $3 billion 
for market debut , square scales back valuation by billion - new york times 
for its i.p.o. , scales back valuation by $3 billion 
for its scales back valuation by $3 billion 
whatever the share price , today's ipo is a big day for and and their plans : 
square's ipo on the nyse was $3-billion less than its valuation last year - via 
square prices its ipo at $9 ; do you guys anticipate buying any shares ? 
weakening ipo market for tech : square prices its i.p.o. at $9 
top news square prices its i.p.o. at $9 , lower than hoped see more 
top story : square prices its i.p.o. at $9 , lower than hoped see more 
update : square prices its i.p.o. at $9 , lower than hoped see more 
. scales back ipo to $3b , opens on nyse at $11.20 per share : via 
for its i.p.o. , stock priced at $9 , will it be $5 by christmas ? 
a market correction for valuing " unicorns ? " square ipo's at $9/share , less than $11-13 sought 
hope is not a strategy , real companies make money . square scales back valuation by $3 billion 
double bummer : 1 ) downsized round 2 ) below filing range . here's hoping post ipo trading goes well . 
from nytimes : for its square scales back by $3 billion : … 
square " only " got a $2.9 b valuation . for perspective : same valuation as bank of hawaii , founded-1897 . square-2009 . 

inside the gould memorial library 


an 11th-hour detour puts a family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 


telegram messaging app closes public channels used by isis militants 
rt updated : telegram messaging app closes public channels used by isis militants to add re … 
updated : telegram messaging app closes public channels used by isis militants to add response from 
telegram messaging app closes channels used by isis ( 
durov " well aware that isis used the platform " / messaging app closes channels used by isis 
telegram messaging app closes channels used by isis - new york times 
rt telegram messaging app closes channels used by isis 

rt facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant frm belgium whose family wanted him dead 

what's happening to obamacare premiums 

help wanted : seeks senior editors and a political reporter 
interested in working for 
rt gawker : help wanted : seeks senior editors and a political reporter 
my favorite website is 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ 
" when asked to name his ideal editor-in-chief of denton told the times : , david carr " 
" alex pareene , this month’s editor of " 
re : donald trump , fr . , extend our presidential candidates an invitation . 
site closes chapter on web gossip to focus … 
yo , restructuring is a definitive mixed bag . switch is good , but turning jezebel into pop culture ? boo .. 
is changing its focus 
will gawker’s pivot to politics win over wary ad buyers ? : ’ s newly announced ... by 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ via 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? : vote . via 
" there are no women in denton’s vision of an ideal " woof . 
editor-in-chief : the ideal gawker story should expose meaningful hypocrisy 
is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? | fishbowldc 
gawker to rebrand as political news site : internet gossip pioneer is moving in a new edi ... 
editor-in-chief explains the sites ' politics via 
newstream© : wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or a head-scratcher ? 
will morph into a site focused on politics , its founder and top editor said . 
nytimes : is changing its focus 

you probably have a to-go pasta dish . next time , try this one instead . 
rt rt nytimes : you probably have a to-go pasta dish . next time , try this one instead . … 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter wit 
family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
even not discussing criminal history , just glowing " quiet , godly man " angle . compare w/ ferguson . 
family of idaho man says he was " murdered " by police 
and we have shooting incident , so not looking great but still come 
" let’s go see what god created . " 
intersting read that offers alternative but still negative narrative on police-civillian interactions in idaho town 
some of tight-knit dynamics ; interesting piece from on " anger , doubt " after fatal encounter 
annals of idaho : white conservatives also don't like it when their loved ones are shot and killed by the police 
anger and doubt rise after man’s encounter with 
good boy ; dindu nuffin . 
police are shooting good ol ' boys now . wonder if that will change any attitudes ? 
anger and doubt rise after idaho ranch owner's fatal encounter with deputies 
idaho deputies fatally shot a local man and his small western town seeks his justice 
family of man by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man's fatal encounter with deputies - new york times 

more good news about 
new study confirms coffee is good for you . drink ( and eat ) up ! 
coffee tied to lower risk of dying prematurely 
need to work a long night pushing your idea forward ? grab another cup of coffee to help you stay up and live longer ! 
tied to lower risk of dying prematurely via 
whoops ! please see this link for the article ( clearly we need to add some caffeine to our afternoon coffee drip ! ) 
rt tied to lower risk of dying prematurely via 
“ coffee tied to lower risk of dying prematurely . ” finally some good news on a monday - 
rt coffee story reminds me that more black hair -> less heart attack . let's all dye hair black … 
drink enough coffee , live longer ? 
rt drink coffee , live longer : 
new study on reduced risk of dying from heart disease and other causes . 
rt coffee tied to lower risk of premature death gotta love a good cup of java ! … 
rt 🎶 i'm gonna live forever ! i'm gonna learn how to fly ... high ! 🎶 
we are immortal 
coffee tied to lower risk of premature death gotta love a good cup of java ! via 

rt it began as a hashtag . now , is an internet-driven civil rights movement … 


diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to the dismay of some 
a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid - the new york times 
a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid — via 
rt more about diesel , the french police dog killed during a counterterrorism raid outside of paris 
rt a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid — 
rest in peace , diesel , hero french dog of st. denis . 
isaranjuez : rt nytimes : diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to … 
nytimes : diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to the dismay of … 


a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 


rt photos of mexico’s mennonite heartland 
photos of mexico’s mennonite heartland via 

thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right 
college kids coming home for first time ? make the visit work : 
listen closely & you'll hear your own voice here// thanksgiving w college students : fantasy , reality 
too hilarious for words . " thanksgiving with college students : fantasy , reality , & getting it right " v 
the counter : filthy . the laundry : in the entry . the glasses ? all gone . your kid is home from college : 
thanksgiving with your college student ... 
newly minted college students , adult in their minds and kids to their parents , are coming home . how to cope : 
they want to see friends . you want to see them . they're becoming adults . you miss your kid . college visits : 
college students coming home for the first time ? it may not be what you expect , but it can still be great ; 
thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality ... or back home ballers 
" i had been a parent for nearly 20 years . if i learned only one thing it was to pick my battles " . 
you send your anxious , excited freshman away in the fall . who's the person walking in the door for winter break ?... 
when your kids ' first college visit isn't exactly how you thought it would be : 
your child & thanksgiving . as with all else , you know your child & family best so do what works for you ... 
with aged kids is tough : here's one parent's outlook . 
parents of college students : read before they get home for thanksgiving via 
" despite months of missing my college kids , it took only minutes for my frustration to surface " at thanksgiving 

the eiffel tower is closed again 
eiffel tower is closed once again - new york times 
it has been confirmed that the eiffel tower is closed due to a bomb threat 
eiffel tower is closed once again — via nytimesworld 
updates on paris . 
" responding to hatred with anger would be to fall to the same ignorance that made you the people you are . " a . leiris 

rt rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 
rt gabisalesv : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had bat … 
rt aigriffin : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had batt … 
“ rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease ” sad day . such a great player 
nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 

manhattan psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client - - 
scamming vulnerable people can be a huge business . psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client . 
psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client is the business ethical ? 
it's amazing how stupid people are . psychics are con artists . 
manhattan psychic admits taking over $550000 from lovelorn client - new york times 
you just can't make this shit up . $ 550,000 for psychic to raise the dead 
love is wasted on the young , money on the rich . 
how stupid can people be ? $us550 , ooo ! 

" morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . " 

ranked ahead of isis for deadliest terror group 
boko haram was responsible for 6664 deaths last year , more than any other terrorist group in the world , including is 
ny times newtop story : boko haram ranked ahead of isis for deadliest terror gro … see more 
rt our bias against africa . boko haram kills more people last year than isis ; what are we doing about it ? … 
rt boko haram , not isis , is the world's deadliest terrorist group 

bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo 


inside the gould memorial library , a dazzling building in need of a facelift . photos 



ask well : eye twitches 
dont consider twitching of d eye as good or bad omen ... here is why : -eye twitches 
you know that eye twitch you get sometimes ? well , this is why it happens ! 
what causes eye twitches ? 
rt what causes eye twitches ? via https : … 
important eye twitch news 
do you know why your eye twitches ? 
rt what causes the eye to twitch ? via 
an answer to my problem ... blepharospasm : 
of interest ... 
rt i have always wondered about this ... 
what causes eye twitches ? read article to find out more info . 
ask ny times well blog : via 
eye twitches are often caused by stress , but involuntary eyelid spasms could be something more severe via 
this time of year we get more patients experiencing this common complaint . 
does your eye twitch ? read this to find out what causes it ! 
an answer to a common question ! 
why is my eye twitching ? via 
choice tidbit like our facebook page ... it's an education ! 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 


“ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race 
rt nytimes : “ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race … 

in many obamacare markets , renewal is not an option - 
in many markets , renewal is not an option 
why and assistance is essential in 
interesting read .... 
rt nytimes-getting a plan from c o-o p running at a loss is a " bargain " -in many obamacare markets , renewal not an option https : … 
in obamacare markets , renewal is not an option cost up 25% + in corpus christi via 
rt if you like the plan you were required to buy after we canceled the plan you liked , you can't keep it . 
dem health scheme plans disappear 
rt nyt : surprise ! you can't keep your plan again this year ! 
nyt maps discuss interesting facts of affordability , renewals , and via 
in many of the obamacare markets , renewal is not an option 

aung san suu kyi has moved toward dominance in myanmar . her words have become provocative . 

if gluten is something you tend to avoid , has a couple of delicious flour-free desserts you’ll love . 
gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 
thnks 2 4 thanksgiving desserts from me & 
rt now i know what to do with my chestnut flour and bag of cranberries . thanks https : … 
bless for chocolate chestnut cake & cranberry curd tart recipes via & 
a couple ideas for gluten-free desserts fro upcoming holiday . 
( if not guilt-free ) desserts 
( and maybe not guilt-free ! ) thanksgiving desserts : via 
nut flours are key to indulgent , gluten-free desserts 

marine le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
not before time and being sagged of as racist etc . 
le front national is going to make huge gains in france ... and not for the better . 
wonder how that'll play out in france w/ marine le pen's message gaining traction & upcoming election 
who didn't see this coming ? exactly what those thugs wanted : le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
marine le pen's anti-islam message gains influence in france - 
terrifying : marine le pen's gaining more of an audience post- 
history repeating itself ? 
you think she stopped by the elysee palace to measure for curtains ? le pen v hollande in 2017 ?... 
marine le pen’s anti-islam message in france don't get caught up in the political selfserving propaganda . 
unsurprising , but very troubling + counter-productive : le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
... and this is an understatement , i'm sure 
no , the national front party : 
" this repeated connection — immigration equals islamism & terrorism — is playing powerfully in the minds of voters . " 

the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 


networks now take longer to drop shows due to ratings , cancellation costs , binge-viewing 
with tv viewing changing , networks take longer to drop shows . 
delayed viewing means tv shows are now being axed later . 
networks today are hesitant to drop shows with much of television viewing changed . 
the abc drama “ wicked city ” was the first show of the new television season , now nine weeks deep , to get the ax . ind … 
cbs web technologies 
rt notes on why there's only been one cancelation in network tv this season 
with tv changing , networks take longer to drop shows . maybe they're waiting for c+30 ? 

mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presi ... 
argentina's president-elect says being kidnapped in 1991 put him on path to politics . a profile : 
an important election 
rt pesonaindon mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presi ... 
mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine … 
president-elect of argentina links his kidnapping 24 years ago to an awakening that led him to politics 
mr. macri links his kidnapping 24 years ago to an awakening that put him on a course that would lead him to politics via the world of soccer . 

a rallying cry in paris : " everyone to the bar ! " 
a rallying cry in paris : “ everyone to the bar ! ” 

rt the united nations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins - the new york times - 
a rare night out ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins — via 
dear friend of dear friends of mine . full of ' joie de vivre ! " , love , life & sunshine . no words suffice .. rip pierro 

cult of the toto toilet 
posh but is there a for this loo . " the cult of the toto via 
what a surprise ... as difficult to get americans to upgrade their toilet as it is to upgrade to management . 
not your average commode . cult of the toto washlet . cost ? $ 2,400 to $ 9,800 each 
" your life is really good when you have a heated toilet seat . ” 
until you sit on a you ain't taken a real crap . 
regarding the $ 9,800 toilet 
rt apparently is a thing ? all you need to do is install a to upgrade to luxury … 
rt says a lot about the cult of the japanese toto toilet that this piece is in the fashion & style section of the times https://… 
the cult of the washlet . 
why are americans still using toilet paper ? toilet is long overdue 
the cult of toto 
sharing the auto links popping and linksexploaded under the rainbow !! 

" i wasn't going to write " talking paris with kids " until i saw how beautifully this dad handled it : " 
one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers 
one french parent to his son , “ they may have guns , but we have flowers ” 
motherlode blog : one parent , on paris : they might have guns , 
some of us help . some bring flowers . some can't help but bring their fear . talking paris w/ kids 
they have guns . we have flowers . talking to kids at different ages about paris : 
a little boy and his father converse about the paris attacks . what happens at the end is really sweet ... 
seriously dad of the year- you must see this : via 
a precious conversation : " they might have guns , but we have flowers " 
how do we talk to our kids about paris ? via 
look for the helpers , appreciate the flowers , and don’t let fear stop you . ❤ ️ 
this is a great article for us parents trying to find the right words when talking to our kids in times of tragedy . 
in the wake of tragedy : " don’t let fear stop you from being the person you want to be when the worst happens " 

rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
i love he does a great job rt “ don lemon doesn't get offended ” 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - - 
cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says us still want syrianregime change 
cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating isis , kerry says 
cease-fire and a political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , john kerry says . 
cease-fire and a political transition in crucial to defeating says . 
visiting france , kerry vows ' greater pressure ' on isis 
cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating says 
visiting france , kerry vows ‘ greater pressure ’ on isis 
sec . kerry states there will be more pressure on isis , from the world community 
. urges ceasefire - cease-fire & political transition in crucial to defeating kerry says 
yes , but what of pol future of irq ? " kerry : ceasefire & political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis " 
kerry says a cease-fire & political transition in syria crucial to defeat isis 
and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says - new york times 
when love to come . cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating is ... 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
if you were wondering about lsu grad he sees himself more as a malcolm not martin 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

ta-nehisi coates wins national book award : 
bravo to fellow on his award ! 
rt congratulations to the national book award winners . 
rt ta-nehisi coates = national book award thank you for writing a beautiful , important and timely no … 
adding to other honors bestowed upon him this year , has won the what a year ! 
rt well deserved 
rt many congrats to for his national book award . check it out from our cafe collection today ! … 
wins national book award . so well deserved !!! 
congratulations to this brave author ! wins national book award 
rt congrats to fellow on his award ! 
rt don delillo , always in character 
rt congrats to on winning the national book award ! 
“ between the world and me ” fellow ta-nehisi coates ' study being a black man in us wins nat'l book award . 
rt pleased that ta-nehisi coates won the award : a genuinely essential read in this pl … 
rt ta-nehisi coates wins 
one can completely empathize with african americans while rejecting ta-nehisi coates way of thinking 
congratulations to ta-nehisi coates for winning the national book award for his book " between the world and me " . 
did you catch this ? two black writers have won national book awards , ta-nehisi coates for non-fiction and robin ... 

french return to cafes in a show of defiance . 
what better way to declare the endurance of france than to live it up at a cafe , writes 
paris returns to life as normal -new york times 
rt french return to cafes and bistrots in a show of resolute determination … 
" still , they are french , and defiance seems to course through their veins " yep , that's exactly that ! 
the french are resilient . you can't keep them out of cafés ! 
rt french return to cafes in defiance via 
how terrorism fails 
rt france : " we will not let the terrorists win " america : " internment camps worked out , right ? " … 

who passes ‘ commander in chief test’ ? • obama was born a shiite muslim . his " christian " pastor is a converted muslim ! 
reupping this from yesterday : how 2016 may mirror 2004 on national security 
after paris , who passes the ‘ commander in chief test’ ? 
leaving the democratic party after this election . fed up . 
social event stops : after area , who passes the ' physical object in chief problem solving' ? 
we may not want to politicize tragedies , but tragedies have political outcomes all the same . 

for france , an alliance against isis may be easier said than done 
rt and so far efforts to form an alliance with russia against isis have moved haltingly htt … 
. on how makes money . it’s basically a diversified portfolio of terror . 
“ except for france and the united states , at this point no one thinks going after isis is the first priority . ” 
too little too late ? open to cooperate with 
except for us & france , no one thinks going after isis is the first priority , says via 
with authoritarian-sympathizing involved , everything’s easier said than done . 
what are we willing to give up to build a coalition against is ? via 
france’s plan to create a comprehensive coalition against isis may be “ easier said than done . ” 
. on in talk the talk of being part of solution , walk the walk of being part of problem 
for france , an alliance against may be easier said than done 
rt by attacking france and russia , the islamic state has brought the u.s. , russia and france into closer alliance . … 
alliance against isis may be easier said than done , via 
a coalition of the unwilling ? 
rt “ except for and the united states (?) , at this point no one thinks going after is the first priority ” https : … 
for an alliance against may be easier said than done 
the united states and russia have been drawn together against isis by the paris attacks , but disagreements between … 
the shifting world order on syria 
for an against isis may be easier said than done , & 
rt if wants alliance , should conduct its military ops . this way most europeans can play & they should . https : … 

" this new nyc building " makes the case for why architecture matters " " 

germany-netherlands match canceled over security concerns 
germany-netherlands soccer match canceled over security concerns 
germany cancels soccer match with netherlands 
ah nevermind , seems like it was just a " suspicious object " twitter messing with us . 
germany-netherlands match canceled , evidence of plans to detonate an explosive device in the stadium : 
germany cancels match with the netherlands over security concerns - - 
police chief says there was serious threat to city and stadium , including plan for explosion . 

fact checks of the 2016 election 
fact checks of the u.s. 2016 election 
facts are not an element for some candidates . 
fact check : donald says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
well , this is fun , and horrible 
fact checks of the election - the new york times 
the herald news took pains to discredit what paterson officials were calling “ hateful gossip . ” 
fact check : marco rubio says ted cruz undermined intelligence programs 
fact checks of the 2016 usa elections 
" it is not ... anything that can be seen or heard or handled , but .... something that is imagined " 
one fact-checker to rule them all : today launches the first column as our in-house " doubting thomas . " 
caught in a ( gasp ) fib . he should never become a tv psychic 
love nyt fact checking what the candiates saying for the next us pres election . 

rt beautiful ender in today's pictures of the day slideshow 
pictures of the day : france and elsewhere 
rt women worshiped the setting sun while celebrating a hindu festival in mumbai . more photos https :/ … 
a migrant boy with a thermal blanket on the shore of the greek island of lesbos 
photos of the day 

something happened in network tv that's almost unheard-of these days : a show got canceled . 

aung san suu kyi sounds a provocative note the next hurdle for burma democracy is to keep the lady a true democrat 
rt seth mydans , long-time southeast asia hand , returns to the pages of the nyt for a profile of aung san suu kyi . https … 
long a of sounds a provocative note 
aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of dignified defiance 
new york times - usa - a defiant voice sounds a bolder note in myanmar - 
does respect for law include fidelity to a military-imposed constitution ? 
a symbol of dignified sounds provocative 
why tell us what she was wearing on her first day in parliament ?? 
aung san suu kyi , on the cusp of power , is sounding imperious . what kind of leader is she ? 
interesting insights to the leadership style of by 
aung san suu kyi wins " so far the military has been gracious in defeat , which stuns many burmese 
aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of sounds a provocative note 
burma's democracy icon , on the cusp of power , sounds provocative . how she will govern ? 
so happy to read the words of in again . his smart take on aung san suu kyi's rise in myanmar : 
aung san suu kyi , " the future is hers to shape . " by via 
a symbol of defiance , aung san suu kyi’s victory sets democracy example to asian neighbours 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
belgian suspect in paris had been target of strikes on isis in syria 
heavy gunfire , suicide , as french police raid paris terror suspects ' way station / nytimes 
2 dead , 7 arrested in a raid this morning in a paris neighborhood . officials were targeting the mastermind behind ... 
heavy gunfire erupts as seek in raid 
second suspect in paris attacks sought . 
heavy gunfire erupts as police seek suspects in raid 
paris attacks suspect was target of strikes on isis in syria 
second suspect is sought in paris attacks 


nestlé reports on abuses in thailand’s seafood industry 
if nestle thinks your labor practices are bad , they must be like really bad . 
nestlé reports on abuses in industry : the report on the seafood … 
ny times article : nestlé reports on widespread labor and human rights abuses in thailand’s seafood industry 
nestlé reports on abuses in thailand's seafood industry 
nestlé releases report detailing labor abuse in its seafood supply chain . talk about transparency . 
the report on the seafood industry in thailand cataloged deceptive recruitment practices , hazardous working conditions , and violence on fishing boats and in processing factories . 

paul ryan calls for halt to syrian refugee program 
republicans call 4 halt 2 syrian refugeeprogram ( and many democrats joined them , here's why ? ) 
i’ve joined a bipartisan group of legislators in calling for a suspension of the syrian refugee program . 
republicans call for halt to syrian ... | 
also tuesday , two senators announced a push for a formal authorization of military force agains .. 
rt house speaker paul ryan calls 4 halting syrian refugee program . it's now officially on the republican platform … 
to reject refugees is as bad as 1930s when us rejected jews fleeing saying they were communist spies 
republicans call for halt to human program - new york times 
us house pressures obama to kill refugee plan 


angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 

judge orders frozen embryos destroyed 
rt california judge orders frozen embryos destroyed 
feminist caterwauling in 3 , 2 , 1 … 
california judge orders frozen embryos of divorced couple destroyed 
when lose the right to have children in divorce cases , it regresses our cause too far back 
" california judge orders frozen destroyed , " as ex-husband wins challenge against ex-wife's right . 

u.s. offers $5 million reward for senior isis figure 

experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo 
rt bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo : 
" the photograph alone cannot establish that the isis accomplished any of this " 
bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo — via 
was it wise of to give everone helpful instructions for making isis depiction of a soda can bomb operable ? 
on the isis soda-can bomb photo — via 
bomb experts analyze the soda-can bomb photo 
bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo - the new york times ambienteod this is all it takes . 
information about the bomb that isis claims took down the russian plane - tav 
the photo of the purported can-bomb that isis claims it put on the russian jet " could be calculated misinformation " 
bomb experts analyze the isis " soda can " device . short summary : easy to build , not very sophisticated . 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb ph … see more 
interesting read on the opinion of bomb experts on the schweppes gold device 
bomb experts analyse the soda-can bomb photo . 

your wednesday briefing 
" your wednesday briefing " by adeel hassan via nyt nyt now via 

is suspected after explosion in kills 32 
last tues , an explosion in a nigerian city killed 32 people . 
mark zuckerberg should change the facebook icon to the nigerian flag 
the beat goes on and on 
is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
boko haram is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
rt is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
terrorist attack in nigerian marketplace claims 32 innocent lives - boko haram is suspected , read more here : 
former natsec adviser for nigeria accused of stealing $2 billion that was supposed to be for fighting boko haram 
rt rt hey are you going to declare war on boko haram too ? 
boko haram , gop governors suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
boko haram suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
shared a link 
another attack . evidence for thesis that displaced rebels/terrorists likelier to target civilians 

sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 
nytimes : sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 

one slogan , many methods : enters politics 
pursues new pathways of engaging people for change 
one slogan , many methods : black lives matter enters politics 
rt john eligon's story good to share w/those who mistakenly generalize about a complex movement . https :/ … 
one slogan , many methods : black matter enters 
good piece 
people staying in the struggle ... all day e'ry day ! 
rt one slogan , many methods : enters politics 
is healthier with , " one slogan , many methods : enters 
one slogan , many methods : lives matter enters politics 
beyond amazed and excited by the power of 
good analysis on which is putting pressure on both political parties 
i'm curious to see how black lives matter and other black liberation activists react to this report from 
how about black power brutality via black panthers ? note panther hand sign . 
does this mean whites or asian can do this also ? 
black lives matter enters politics -- will be fascinating to see how activists shape 2016 election 

pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel 
"" by unknown author via nyt 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . 

what china has been building in the south china sea 
i hope one , or more , of the islands have an exclusive resort . i bet the night sky is awesome there ! 
reef to island in less than a year : china has been building in south china sea . 
concerning destruction of reefs for island expansion in the south china sea ... 
one way to destroy a coral reef in the progress name by china 
china is converting entire reefs to islands in just one year . yet , we can't finish velachery-taramani link road 
what has been building in the south china sea ? 
very interesting time lapse of what china is building in the south china sea & why it's bad for us/china relations : 


paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syrian refugees into the u.s. 

on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
12 . blog entry : bernie sanders , 2003-2011 american iraq war , conflict inappropriateness : sanders takes cue from dean 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " by patrick healy via 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " by patrick healy via nyt 
on invading sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
smart piece contrasting sanders and dean on invading iraq and ousting hussein . 
on invading learns from howard dean's mistakes 
on invading iraq , bernie answers katie couric with vivid context & clear common sense . true foreign policy prowess ! 
first draft : on invading bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
first draft : on invading iraq , bernie sanders … 
rt just say no : on invading takes a cue from 2016 … 

reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect - new york times -- = 
rt reports of gunfire in suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect — via 

don lemon doesn’t get offended 
if don lemon weren't a journalist , he'd " be a writer like james baldwin . " or maybe an activist -- but more x than mlk . 
lol , ok , don lemon . 
don lemon says if he weren't busy being don lemon he'd " probably be a writer like james baldwin . " that or malcolm x . 
rt don lemon said this . i'm just going to leave this here . 
. doesn’t get offended because insolence and dumbassery . 
“ i am not setting out to be a provocateur . i am setting out to inform people and to get ( them ) to think . ” ... 
“ i am not setting out to be a provocateur ( but ) to inform people ” doesn’t get offended| via 
interviewer " how does someone get to be as self-accepting as you ? " , don lemon " what's the alternative ? " 
" if you don’t make room for the possibility that you can be intolerant then there is a good chance that you are . " 
" i am setting out to inform people " : don lemon tries to explain away his awful and offensive reporting : 
don lemon : " i would like to have a judgment-free-zone place where we can go -- all of us -- and we can all talk . " 
" the best way to improve yourself is to improve yourself . " 
rt “ don lemon said this . im just going to leave this here ” ht … 
" i'd probably be a writer like james baldwin . " 
rt for those looking for the link : 
my comment on doesn’t get offended via 
don lemon thinks he could be jesus christ q : that sound you hear when don lemon talking ? a : 


mourners reflected in the bullet-pierced glass of le carillon in paris on tuesday 



guinea : last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
rt nubia 1st baby to survive ebola having been born to infected mother … 
last patient receiving active ebola treatment had to post twice bc seriously this article is everything ! 👏🏻👏🏻 
celebrating baby nubia , possibly the ebola epidemic's last patient 
remember the last " keep ' em out of our state ! " scare ? 
guinea , last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 


focused on the middle class , both parties ignore the poor 
electing to ignore the poorest of the poor ... 
exclusively focusing on the middle class means ignoring the poor 
by focusing on the middle class , both parties ignore " the deeply , persistently poor . " 
" by believing the poor are not exerting enough effort , we allow ourselves not to care . " 
thinking about deep , intractable poverty via 
rt out of sight , out of mind . “ we know startlingly little about life at the bottom of society , ” notes matthew desmond … 
rt believing the poor aren't exerting enough effort lets us ignore that almost 16m live in extreme poverty < $8.60 /day . http … 
rt 16 million americans live on $8.60 or less a day . 
ignoring the persistently poor 
rt in the us there's the deserving poor and the undeserving poor . we get to ignore those . my column 
no other advanced nation tolerates this depth of deprivation . must read us ignores poorest of poor 
the beginnings of a bipartisan approach to deep poverty , by eduardo porter 
in the campaign both parties ignore the americans who need their attention most : the deeply , persistently poor . 
rt good read by touching on a lot of issues book raises about living in extreme poverty https://… 
rt almost 16 million americans live on some $8.60 a day or less . the latest column from … 
rt no other advanced nation tolerates this kind of deprivation of its citizens : read : via the new york … 
politics and policy changes in government assistance programs are leaving behind the people that need them most . 
reminds us of the work that orgs like client do to help the poor , esp at thanksgiving 
this trend makes private philanthropy to fill the gap even more important 

rt another tribute to matthieu by " a father with the ‘ charisma to be the lead singer " … 
in paris , mourning a father with the " charisma to be the lead singer " 
another tribute to matthieu by " a father with the ‘ charisma to be the lead singer " via 
top story : retweets mourning a father with the ‘ charisma to … see more 
top mourning a father with the ‘ charisma to be the lead singer ’ - the ne … see more 

rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attacks … 
police say target of raids was belgian suspect 
the paris prosecutor’s office said that the target of raids in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis was ... 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing … 
rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the at … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attac … 
points : police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , th … 

why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 
nytimes : why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 

prayers for maxime : looks like i had a distant relative among the victims of the paris attacks , 
maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the bataclan concert hall 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan massacre 
remember maxime bouffard — via 
points : maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the batac … 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan mas … — via 

a call for compassion ... 
refugees across europe fear repercussions from 
top story : retweets refugees across europe fear repercussio … see more 
refugees fear repercussions isis responsible but who funds/enables isis and supports refugee hate ? 
rt across europe fear repercussions from they flee same or actually much wors … 
across europe fear repercussions from they flee same or actually much worse violence 
refugees across fear repercussions from paris attacks : after fleeing their homeland … 
ny times : refugees across fear repercussions from paris attacks 
after in fear growing suspicion of their hosts and hostility on the 

nyt coverage ... jonah lomu ; rugby superstar melded power and speed 
:: jonah lomu , rugby superstar , dies at 40 
jonah lomu , 40 , dies ; rugby superstar melded power and speed 
we had a lovely evening last night at the shop in together with friends from and ... 
jonah lomu , one of rugby's greatest players , dies at 40 - new york times 
jonah lomu's obituary in the new york times . 
nyt explains rugby ' object is to advance the ball across a goal line , w the most points given when it is run across ' 
ny times : superstar , dies at 40 
" ... a sprinter’s speed that , in such a big man , seemed unfair . " jonah lomu explained , by & for americans . 

rt after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via nytopinion 

an african king in 
rt a simple , humble african king in bolivia 
from randall's page 
" ... to the king ! " 
features communities that are home to approximately 2% of uac-cp students . 
this modest monarch can trace his lineage to west africa , where his ancestor prince uchicho was enslaved in 1820 . 
lost royalty ? 
how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia via 
new article in nytimes about the afro-bolivian king , julio pinedo ... 
just across from the touristic village of coroico , lives one of the remaining african kings !... 
rt jamesestrin : a simple , humble african king in bolivia nytimesphoto 



photos of the day 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 
nytimes : where isis claims it has struck , and why 

to retool as 
to retool as politics site 
rt gawker will retool as a politics site ahead of the 2016 election . 
here's to hoping investigative journalism will be a part of that retool . that is what the marketplace needs 
rt stick a fork in gawker , it's done . i expect nick denton's mocha boytoy to rape him in divorce court soon : … 
rt gawker is going to become a politics site : 
. to retool as site by 
i'm not sure if i'm sad or excited that is retooling as a political site . 
gawker's rebooting as a political site , shifting celeb/pop culture news to jezebel , & folding io9 into gizmodo 
rt as gawker and its " journalists " enter their death spiral , we can only hope they take jezebel with them . … 
i love this take on the evolution of blogs 
gawker will now focus on " political news , commentary and satire " inspired by crew p 
gawker is changing focus as part of a broad revamping , will now cover politics , not media 
. to " ride the circus of the 2016 campaign cycle to reorient [ to ] political [ content ] " 
we can help pay off debt . $1.6 billion in loans were issued through prosper in 2014 . peer-to-peer loans through pro … 
gawker going purely political .... 

reveal the strategic limits of 
rt finally something interesting on the paris attacks , and not surprisingly , the author is olivier roy . 
olivier roy ( my colleague at eui florence ): france suffers but attacks in paris reveal the strategic limits of isis 
north : kurds , east : iraqi shittes , west : alawites ( now russian protected ) , south : unwelcoming lebanon & jordan 
" but war is not won without infantry " -thoughtful nyt piece on the isis puzzle 
globalized terrorism is no more effective , strategically than conducting aerial bombings without forces on the ground 
rt reveal the strategic limits of 
" globalized terrorism is no more effective , strategically , than conducting aerial bombings without groundforces " 
seems like has already peaked 
earnest fight against daesh starts with political agreement among regional players 
interesting analysis by olivier roy on daesh/isis 
goed maar deprimerend stuk : no regional player is willing to send out its forces to reclaim land from isis 
essential voice , essential points .... 
quoting has no support among the muslim people living in europe . it recruits only at the margins . " 
solid analysis says that t isis will not spread , but local forces are not in a hurry to defeat them : 
good summary of the interests dilemma . 
♻️ posting this again cos it's the best isis piece this week | the attacks in paris reveal strategic limits of isis 
the main actors in the middle east deem other enemies , not to be more important . 
very interesting article on the strategic limits of daesh/isis by olivier roy via 
has isis reached it's strategic limits ? 
rt a great piece that explains how has not been a priority for a majority of those involved . worth reading . … 
rt the strategic limits of isis : 
unfortunately none of the governments around the world actually want to get rid of isis . 

snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold . more photos from monday 
photos of the day 
rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold . more photos from monday http … 
rt a soldier patrolled an empty mall in brussels on monday . much of the city was closed … 
rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold in the north of the country https … 
pictures of the day : belgium and more 
belgium and elsewhere : pictures of the day 



security forces swarmed a paris suburb during an early-morning raid 


“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 
charlie sheen : i paid blackmailers $10 million to keep quiet about my hiv . 
" “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen in an interview with matt lauer " 


" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable & , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable , as a strategy , misguided " 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable and misguided " 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " … 
confusing w terrorists = morally unacceptable + as a strategy , misguided " 
confusing w terrorists is morally unacceptable & misguided perception " 
rt icymi , an editorial in the after paris attacks , vilifying 
rt confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and strategically misguided 

" why i provide abortions " 
rt why i provide abortions many very beautiful , compassionate comments here , some literally making me … 
rt for health professionals like dr. willie parker , providing care is also about compassion for women : … 
" i want for women what i want for myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determination " dr. willie parker 
why i provide abortions : a public health perspective 
dr. willie j . parker : why i provide abortions 
ob-gyn provides abortions in south because de facto bans deny self-determination , dignity , opportunity to thrive 
laws that restrict access to abortion do nothing to make it safer , only less accessible . - dr. wille parker 
rt abortion provider willie parker is doing the lord's work . let him tell you why : 
as shabbat approaches & we reflect on the week , we express gratitude to dr. parker 
rt " we who provide abortions do so because our patients need us . " ~ dr. willie j . parker ❤ ︎ 
" .. women face harsh life circumstances & incessant hostility , merely for wanting to exercise their rights " 
rt after a morning of helping students learn about abortion , this article rings especially true : … 
thank you , dr. willie parker ! = human rights 
rt why dr. parker is an abortion provider : " because i can ... because if i don’t , who will ? " … 
as this doc brags of his " compassion " for women , you'll find his sole mention of a child in paragraph 11 . 
rt inspired & strengthened by dr. willie parker's commitment to women's health . https … 
" i want 4 women what i want 4 myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determin8n & opprtnity 2 excel & contribute . " 
rt " i want for women what i want for myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determination & the opportunity to excel . " … 
rt we know that when women have access to and medically accurate ... 
think of every woman in your life in this situation . 


a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials said 
live coverage | german soccer match was canceled over ' concrete ' threat ... - new york times 
a soccer match between and the was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat : 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , official … 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials s … 
points : a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled becau … 

your tuesday briefing 
your tuesday briefing - the new york times 
start your day with : " your via 
your briefing 
here’s what you need to know to start your day . 

rt results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” - 30 hit mainly outskirts … 
strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results . 
rt 2 . and if not , then are they hitting civilians/accepting more risk of that ? or empty land/bldgs , bombing for show ? https :/ … 
rt 1 . so if us can give france 10s of short-notice isis targets w/o killing civilians , why weren't they hit before ? … 
this article on french aviation strikes re raqqa by is on the money 
it seems the are faking the bombing campaign . strikes on raqqa in lead to more questions than results 
“ thank god , no civilians died , ” he said . from 
rt bombing for show ? us , syria , jordan , russia , now france : need revenge on isis ? drop a few bombs on raqqa ! syria https://… 
strikes on in lead to more questions than results 
strikes on raqqa in lead to more questions than results - more " security theater " ... 
french bombing missions strike nothing but empty buildings . lol ! 
on in lead to more than 
" why , if there's is targets that could be hit w/o killing civilians , weren't they hit long ago ? what was being hit ? " 
rt before every brit wets themselves in excitement over bombing isis in syria , it seems french airstrikes are for show . … 
why , if there were targets that could be hit without killing civilians , were they not hit long ago ? 
strikes on raqqa in syria " targeting abandoned empty locations 


he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped 
points : he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert ha … 


" experts explain how global powers can smash isil " via 
experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
. talking about how to defeat isis , laughably out of his depth . how about some expert opinions : 
one of the more reasoned analyses of syria , is and possible responses . 
envisioning how global powers can smash isis 
rt an absolute must-read on a1 tomorrow about where isis came from , what it wants , and how to destroy it : … 
to unify to stop evil isis 
rt public has to see muslims as part of the solution to isis . https :/ … 
“ isis thrives on the failures of middle eastern governments , ” 
an ultimate defeat of the isis cannot happen without a reformation within islam 
experts explain how global powers can defeat isis 
best explainers yet on rise , and next questions , by 
rt more muslims debating islam could help counter - see but are muslim publics ready ? https :/ … 
how to beat 
much of the world agrees that the islamic state needs to be crushed : discussion : " how global powers can smash isis " 
isis , isil or daesh has proved to be as flexible and amoebalike as it is apocalyptic and brutal 
so , the " solution " to isis post-paris is same as before : removing assad , a counterweight to isis . makes sense right ? 
“ there is probably no solution to isis until there is a solution to assad ” 
pretty in-depth ( helpful for the layman ) overview of the isis problem . 
rt " to beat isis , you need the enlistment of the sunni forces that won’t happen as long as assad remains in power . " … 
experts explain how can smash isis 


first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
world briefing | europe ; ireland : first gay marriage is held 
congrats to cormac gollogly & richard dowling , first couple to legally marry ! 
" ireland’s first same-sex marriage ceremony was held tuesday in county tipperary after the new marriage ... 
top story : retweets first same-sex marriage ceremony held i … see more 
first marriage held in 
marriage dreams coming true on the 
voters approved - here is the 1st ceremony . 
rt first same-sex marriage ceremony held in 
first same-sex marriage in ireland today ! 
douglas dalby teaching things mum can't . 
lots of things are terrible , but this is not . the first same-sex marriage in ireland : 
first same-sex marriage ceremony in ireland 
[ josh and skinner sit down . ] josh , the language doesn't prohibit same-sex marriage . josh of course it does . 


angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 

rt bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo 

nyt now : live updates on the terror attacks investigation 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of d … — via 
charlie hebdo : “ screw them . we have champagne . ” 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of defiance 
live updates on the terror attacks investigation – via 
how do folks feel about charlie hebdo's cover ? is it bold ? insensitive ? both ? i want to say both . 
les inrockuptibles , charlie hebdo and others remain defiant against extremism 
ahh i love the french so much . " they have weapons . screw them , we have champagne ! " 
. on the latest charlie hebdo cover , and the message of defiance in french media after 
cover junkie 

rt the cult of the toto toilet 
i never felt so clean ! mt the cult of the toto toilet 
" the cult of the toto toilet " think you can relate . 
the cult of the toto toilet via 
nytimes : the cult of the toto toilet 

randall munroe explains it all for us 
top story : randall munroe explains it all for us see more 
randall munroe's fans include bill gates and neil gaiman . his new book is " thing explainer . " 
what would happen if a pitcher threw a baseball at 90% the speed of light ? 
" [ audience ] expanded .. to include mainstream readers who are curious about how stuff works " 
randall munroe , former nasa roboticist and creator of xkcd , explains it all for us 
how does randall munroe explain it all ? procrastination helps . fun profile of best-selling cartoonist 
randall munroe from explains it all for us 
if you can’t explain something simply , you don’t really understand it - bill gates 
rare 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 

7 bryant park embraces its place in the 
this piece on 7 bryant park in manhattan is great , has me thinking about buildings playing off spaces in seattle . 
hmm . / last week / this week 
7 bryant park embraces its place in city •go to for a great website with wise advice on life 
7 bryant park .... the newest office gem built thanks to the revival of bryant park 
two conclusions from this article : i need to visit 7 bryant park , and i need to read whatever harry cobb has written 

nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
nytimes : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse . 
nets ' disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse - new york times 
it could always be worse ... a lot worse : 
" nets ' disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse " via 
great story idea , but man is it over-written 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps … 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting … 



coney island : 
the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! the art ! 
" coney island : visions of an american dreamland , 1861-2008 " at brooklyn museum : 
rt excited for this coney island exhibit seems to have some really quirky but interesting art : … 
" there’s still this creative and rebellious spirit there — a kind of edgy magic that i hope is never lost . ” 
coney island is on view in all its wonderful & sinister splendor 
coney island : the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! the - the new york times 
so miss my i went to for the first time in years this summer and had a blast ! 

" blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in rugby " 
rip ' a freight train in ballet shoes ' , jonah lomu 
" a freight train in ballet shoes " great tribute to jonah 
" size and speed , jonah set new template in 
ny times : blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in 
rugby lost a trailblazer when jonah lomu fell to kidney disease today at 40 . kia ora , mate . 
rt daniellancaste8 : rt kiisplay : nytimes sport : rugby : blending size and speed , jonah lom … 

quote of the day 

isis women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
rt compelling story about wives of fighters in raqqa via 
isis women in syria recount collaboration , boredom , mourning , anguish , escape 
rt fascinating story of women's lives in the islamic state . good illustration of the pragmatist/true-believer split : … 
" every year , people think : ‘ next year , it will end . we will be free . ’ and decades pass . syria is a jungle now . " 
must-read . the orwellian fate of women under isis : " before , i was like you , ” she told a reporter . " 
heartbreaking story of what happens to the lives of women who become isis moral police . as with every form of ... 
and enforcers in recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
food for thought : portrait of life in a war zone - recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
syrian horror story . 
rt how three women survived the islamic state , and then escaped . 
rt inside isis : great revelatory piece .. dont miss it : 
how three women became members of isis ' morality police [ via 
rt inside raqqa , the city hollande is so willingly bombing . not syria anymore . just a cage for many innocent people . … 
rt amazing detail in this piece on raqqa ( preis/post is ) ie fighters ' wives take birth control so bab … 
pretty gripping tale of isis women and enforcers in syria , couldn't stop imagining if it were happening to me . 
rt women in syria recount forced marriage , brutality , anguish and escape -a harrowing read - brave journalism https://… 
a compelling , factual and very informative tale , to help gauge the rationale if any and driving force behind the cho … 
rt powerful accounts of three women who've watched life in raqqa utterly change under jihadist control : 
wow . a look inside the tough choices women have to make in isis-occupied areas 
rt fascinating story about the mundane transition of three normal syrian girls into isis enforcers in raqqa … 
3 excellent articles on isis and women : 2 ) sobering nyt piece on the experience of two women stuck in syria . 
what's happening in syria sounds too similar to the rise of the nazi party in the 1930s 
women's role in isis is one i struggle to comprehend provides this insightful recounting of some who escaped 
how to live in an islamic state , or be whipped or die . 
these young women's experiences with daesh constitute the counter narrative . 
such an account by real women . reminds us that these are three dimensional ppl . 
an awesome story of 3 women working as khansa brigade members in isis . their previous lives , marriage & final escape 
very interesting article about isis . 
put away your dystopian novels - reality is worse : isis women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration 
" too much blood has been spilled on all sides " : a story of women who were the enforcers of isis 
what do you think ? 

on campus : stories from new york times readers 
interesting compilation of stories of racism on college campuses across the u.s. 
on campus : stories from readers . 
students from colleges across the us share their stories of on campus 
rt racism on campus : " last semester a makeshift noose was hung on my campus at the student center . " 
rt racism on campus : i had less of overt but masses of microaggressions so totally related to thes … 
racism on campus : i had less of overt but masses of microaggressions so totally related to these in 
as a student i am glad this made such an impact on campuses across the us . 
a rough read , but will it persuade white readers that racism is a problem ? racism on campus : stories fr nyt readers 
rt nytimes reports on racial hate crime on campus -- a pocahottie costume . 

what will it take to destroy isis ? experts from around the world weigh in . 

" a side serving of science for your next birthday party " 
a side serving of for your next birthday party thanks 
watching popping balloons with a high = speed camera : 

belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbeek 
top story : retweets police raid house in troubled brussels … see more 
top police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - the new york t … see more 
police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - new york times 
- police raid house in troubled neighborhood — 
points : belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbe … 

rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , according to his advisers 

bold move by ahead of paris talks : kill by 2025 . 
uk taking big step to reduce ghgs : calls for closing of coal-fired power plants by 2025 
britain calls for closing of coal-fired power plants by 2025 
rt amazing . great britain plans on closing all coal-fired plants by 2025 . 
icymi : uk calls for closure of all coal-fired power plants by 2025 
good news from the uk . i hope that with tony abott gone our government can now realize there is no future for coal . 
rt britain is planning on closing all its plants by 2025 . 
good news for the britain calls for end of coal-fired powerplants 
thank whomever 
rt another nail in the coffin : britain plans to close all of its power plants by 2025 … 
10 years ... its over , fossil fuels . now ! 
happy holiday season ! quinn records tm top-10 song chart for friday november 20 , 2015 is posted … 
with apologies to both queens : another one bites the dust ? britain's call to close coal-fired plants by 2025 
britain to close coal-fired power plants by 2025 
" london — the british government on wednesday called for the closing of all coal-fired power plants in the ... 
britain plans end to coal power by 2025 
the move , announced in advance of the united nations conference on climate change set to open in paris on nov . 30 , a … 
" if you're serious about climate change the first thing to do is get out of coal . " britain calls to shut coal plants 

rt exploiting paris attack , fbi director repeats call demand to read encrypted messages ( still no evidence it was used ) https : … 
director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages is crucial 
the terrorist attacks in paris may have changed the politics on both encryption and a range of .. 
law enforcement needs ability to read encrypted messages from smartphones despite moves by apple , google & facebook 
wants 
never waste a good crypto crisis 
the is renewing its argument for agency access to encrypted information : via 
cybersecurity : f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages is … 
director repeats message - " the ability to read encrypted messages is crucial " 
with mobile encryption keys no longer held by suppliers , many data transmissions remain inaccessible to the law . 
fbi isn't asking for laws to create backdoors . it's just saying it needs to break encryption or the sky will fall . 
typical - destroy everyone's rights b/c a rare few abuse them . " fbi director : reading encrypted messages is crucial " 
retweeted glenn greenwald ( exploiting paris attack , fbi director repeats call demand to read ... 
rt the f.b.i. director repeats the call that the ability to read encrypted messages is crucial . https … 
top story : f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages … see more 
ny times politics newtop story : f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to re … see more 
f.b.i. director james comey repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages is crucial via 
the fbi director is pushing for authority to read encrypted messages , the last bastion of privacy 
the director repeats call that ability to read messages is crucial 
world 

the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
interesting article in light off last weeks events ... 
the indelible intertwining of paris life+its urban fabric+how this contributes to its resilience : via 
a lovely piece by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life via 
great piece on the resilience of life in cheers from 
former muse educator & historian of on street life & how it will endure : 
the uncommon resilience of paris street life : 
the streetlife of the blocks where the paris attacks took place is resilient : they were as busy 100yrs ago as today 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
100-yr-old postcards of paris terror sites show same streets & storefronts , treasured because so inviting 
" people still go out b/c going out is something that paris invites us to do . " fantastic piece via 
rt wonderful article by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life 
it is good to know after the paris attacks that life will continue as it has for more than a century in the ... 
paris invites you 2 " explore , take wrong turns , fall in love , protest & have a drink in the same places others have " 

abaaoud's own family wanted him dead father mourns 13-yr-old son , abducted to syria by brother abaaoud . 
an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead . 
rt first thing to know about abdelhamid abaaoud , target of this morning's paris raid : his own family wants him dead . https : … 
notable fact about paris attacker from policy perspective is his links to movement in libya and not just syria 
abaaoud's own family wanted him dead he flunked out of upscale school , turned to petty crime , drugs , then 
rt isis militant his own family wanted him dead by andrew higgins & 
here's the article pegging his education as catholic school boy's rather than an islamic school : 
rt the chief suspect in the paris attacks was wanted dead by his own family . 
another good read on this : 
when the family of abdelhamid abaaoud received word from syria last fall that he had been killed fighting for the ... 
rt 1st thing to know about abaaoud , mastermind of his own family want him dead . ht … 
“ we are praying that abdelhamid really is dead , ” 
“ we are praying that abdelhamid really be dead ” - yasmina said 
“ i can’t take it anymore , ” omar abaaoud told local reporters at the time . “ i am on medication ” 
an islamic filth holy warrior from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
more on abdelhamid abaaoud , whose own family wanted him dead 
rt the leader of the lived a pretty cushy life . he wasn't poor , uneducated , aggrieved etc … 
rt 1/2 nyt reporting on paris attacks plotter abdelhamid abaaoud's links with al-battar battalion in syria . … 
doesn't matter what country they're from . islamic terrorist born in brussls are really 
isis mastermind studied in an exclusively catholic school and was a notorious drinker at his local bar 
rt isis militant whose own family wanted him dead deeply reported & a great read htt … 
rt sadly , not all " syrian refugees " are good people . 
' we are praying that abdelhamid really is dead . ' the isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt social networks , not communities , are often key in radicalizing and empowering those who carry out http … 
think isis = islam ? i give you the mastermind of the paris attacks ... a two bit thug whose own family despises him . 


ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers s 
rt the fact that this carson adviser tells the nyt this on the record just blows my mind ... https :/ … 
frontrunner : is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
carson aides admit candidate needs work on foreign policy : 
carson aides say he needs weekly foreign policy briefings to " make him smart " 
mt fascinatingly indirect way to report man running for president , leading in polls doesn't know shit 
rt top advisor : he needed weekly conference calls briefing him on foreign policy so “ we can make him smart . ” … 
rt i still cannot believe this ben carson story . just amazing . 
rt for the foreign policy may just be too much for him to handle . 
rt this was on the record ?!? 
rt this is carson's own advisor , on the record . 
is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say reboot 
nobody has been able to sit down with carson and have him get one iota of intelligent information about middle east 
rt i feel like ben carson's next debate prep is going to be really awkward 
there it is . carson's " mentor , " claridge , was reagan's cia man for latin america ... connect the dots and you get ... 
rt carson aides say he needs weekly foreign policy briefings to " make him smart " … 
rt this new york times article says that ben carson is struggling 2 grasp foreign policy not qualified 2 be president htt … 
rt this piece on carson and his struggle to grasp foreign policy is a must-read : 
if he can't handle foreign policy and foreign affairs you are not the person to run this country ! 
rt love their candor ! carson aides say he needs foreign policy tutoring '' so we can make him smart . '' - https … 
rt two of ben carson's own advisors say that he's struggling to grasp foreign policy . yeah , guys , we noticed . … 
rt with bonus ethnic slur about the chinese as the kicker 
is struggling to grasp foreign policy , his own advisers say . 
advisors say ben carson struggles to grasp uh , ya think ? he's usually lost on substantive issues . 
game .... set .... match 
like ... what ? 
ben , the con artist , is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
icymi : bb boi carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 


rt this 3-week-old girl is the last known ebola patient in active treatment in the world … 

rt best correction ever ? 
review : adele holds firm on ‘ 25 , ’ even as pop shifts . 
rt everyone makes mistakes , everyone has those days . 
rt excellent nyt correction , via 
rt correction of the day 
cheers to new album ! brb locked in my room all weekend listening to 
correction of the daaaaaaay . 
update for -the correction has been amended ! 
adele holds firm on ' 25 ' even as pop shifts 
have you listened to yet ? says is " at her savviest . " read : 
correction : adele sings “ hello from the other siiiiiide … ” ; “ hello from the outsiiiiiide ” appears later … via 
best correction ever . cc : 
review : adele holds firm , even as pop shifts 
the homie reviewed ' 25 ' album for the he used some big words , but i think he liked 
absence has a way of ossifying an idea and amplifying a legend 
do better ! @ nyt 😉 
rt adele’s “ 25 ” has one transcendent , face-melting song , a bunch of good ones , and one by tobias jesso jr. … 
correcting the record , one belted lyric at a time 
the correction that ran w/ the review of " 25 " hit all the right notes ! 
i love that is not embarrassed to correct mistakes . 



the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to residents and commuters 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
top story : retweets paris : updates on the terror attacks - … see more 
points : the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to resid … 

with reductions in screening , fewer cases are being diagnosed . what does it mean for public health ? 
will soon be sharing selfies of my mustache . in the meantime , men's health from 
early cases fall along with screening 
early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening 
trouble with screening is 3 false positive psa for every cancer . so most cx of severe sepsis in those without cancer 
early prostate cases fall along with screening 
fewer men are getting screened for finds via 
psa isn't perfect but we can be smarter about using it , vanderbilt's david penson tells 
studies show that fewer men are being screened for prostate cancer : 
rt has the pendulum swung too far with reduced … 
studies find declines in screening and early detection of prostate cancer 
“ fewer men are being screened for prostate cancer , and fewer early-stage cases are being detected , according to two … 
according to two recent studies published in the journal of the american medical association , fewer men are being ... 
rt studies find prostate screening , early detection declines . 220k new cases expected in ' 15 https : … 
how can we lower the cost of medical care ? screen fewer men for prostate cancer , and discover fewer cases . brilliant 
here's exactly why men should be screened for prostate cancer - early detection ! 
. reports : fewer men screened for prostate and fewer early-stage cases detected . 
early cancer cases fall along with 
rt studies find declines in screening and early detection of via - 
dave penson gives great interview in nyt on prostate cancer screening 
rt fewer men get screened for prostate cancer , and fewer cases are being found . is this good or bad ? time will tell . https : … 
“ with psa testing , we often detect cancers that don’t need to be treated " prostate advice put in doubt by new study 

the band eagles of death metal makes a statement on the paris attacks . read it in full : 
nuff said ⚡ 



2 die as french police seek paris attacks suspect ; 7 arrested in raid - new york time 
rt breaking news : two people died in a raid near paris , including one who blew herself up , and the police arrested 7 … 
police conduct raid near paris in search for planner of atta 
france unsure if raid killed top suspe ... 
rt breaking news : french police , seeking the planner of friday’s attacks , arrested 5 people in a raid 
the assault began before dawn at a decrepit squat 
rt " france unsure if raid killed top suspect ... " 
great account of yesterday's events in paris from though it's now confirmed the terror kingpin is dead 
police arrest 5 near paris ; woman detonates explosive vest 
414 raids across the country over the past 3 nights ? we might poke fun at the french , but they don't mess around ... 
neither abdelhamid abaaoud nor salah abdeslam were among those arrested by the french police 
unsure if raid killed top in 
rt “ they did not dare to go to the police ” our most powerful weapon in this fight is a r'ship of trust w/ the community h … 
top story : retweets police conduct raid near paris in searc … see more 
" i am not able to give you the definitive number & identities of the people who were killed . ” abaaoud likely dead 
paris on edge as questions remain about suspect’s fate ... 
so two days ago we didn't know whether ʿabbūd was in europe or syria . now we don't know if we killed him or not . 
rt like typical opportunistic power-grabbing tyrant , hollande wants sweeping new authority 2 restrict citizens ' liberty ht … 
nytimes 2015 11 19 world europe paris attacks 
rt woman in explosive vest among 3 killed in police raid ... 
french don't know if they got mastermind yet . 


rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 
rt . abdelhamidabaaoud , isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 


watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terror attacks . 
watch live : obama holds news conference 
nytpolitics : watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terr … 
watching live @ notre dame cathedral in paris , a memorial service 
live now . 
watch live : memorial service at cathedral of notre-dame 

this day in mosquito news : 
engineering mosquitoes ’ genes to resist 
rt disappointing piece . engineering mosquitoes to resist malaria zero risk discussion . no … 
two teams of biologists have created a novel breed of mosquito with modified genes in hopes of eradicating the … 
engineers mosquito genes to resist malaria really cool visual , bug eyes and all 
gene drive technology could eliminate malaria : pnas open-access paper : 
" it’s hard to see any ecological downside to protecting the mosquitoes against the malarial parasite . " 
" engineering mosquitoes ' genes to resist malaria " 
disappointing piece . engineering mosquitoes to resist malaria zero risk discussion . no balance or depth . 
a big story if easy to overlook , w/ cause for hope ( may wipe out malaria ) & trepidation ( uses crispr to do it ) 
understatement du jour ? gmo mosquito " biologists are keen to avoid surprises that might arouse public hostility " 
engineering genes to resist 


nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 
nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus via nytimes 
nytimes : nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 

rt if you agree : refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 
international relations stories u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned … see more 
u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats ’ 
" many are fleeing extremism and terrorism – from the very people associated with the paris attacks . " 
it breaks my heart that the even has to make this statement : " refugees should not be scapegoats , " via 
live coverage | un agency says refugees should not be turned into ' scapegoats ' - new york times 
refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats’! unhcr statement says it all : 

foiling electronic snoops in email 
the new york times via digg 
a review of the options available to keep companies from tracking you in email : 
another technology arms race : email tracking . can be used for good or evil or just plain creepy . 
" by some estimates , trackers are now used in as much as 60 percent of all sent emails . " 
grouping entity : foiling electronic organisms in communicating 
abstraction attribute : foiling electronic living things in abstract entity 
thanks for the heads up re email trackers been planning to review my email subs - will expedite that ! 
after reading this article on email tracking , i changed my settings . 
foiling the electronic snoops in your email : 
“ practically every marketing email now contains some form of a tracker . ” 
stopping snoops on 
security , security . email snoops beware ! 

totally missed this story ! he was such a poor candidate , it was amazing he stayed in as long as he did ! 
race 
rt . quits presidential race via na na hey hey kiss him goodbye ! … 
finally is out of the race !! he says “ this is not my time ” .. obviously ! 
unemployed village idiot bobby jindal quits republican race 
: well , looks like in the long-run kong trump has shaken another one off the log , see ya , wouldn't wanna be ya !... 
might be an unpopular view but if we're talking lesser of evils in the gop race , jindal was one . 
not his time , i agree . 
if it's ever bobby jindal's time it will be my time to leave the country 
bobby jindal quits repub presidential race wrecking ball bobby throws in the towel ... and leaves the demolition site 
jindal asked his supporters to move to mike huckabee . that should move mike to double digits ... 17 total supporters ... 
piyush , what took you so long ? quits republican presidential race 
famous last words : " we spent a lot of time developing detailed policy papers . " ( louisiana governor bobby jindal ) 
rt race 
“ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time , ” - drops out via 
now what am i supposed to do with all of these red and green " jindal all the way ! " sweaters ? 
rt days before the vitter-edwards vote , jindal drops out 

our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
rt rt nytimes : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of … 
rt our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
points : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feas … 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate " there is hope 



diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in st. -denis 
rt nytimes : diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in st. -denis 
rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in the french national police said . … 
heroes come in all shapes and sizes . thank you for your bravery , diesel . 
this just destroys me , zero respect for any life . send isis to hell . via nytimesworld 
diesel , police dog , killed in raid on terrorists , which may included female suicide bomber 
rt a police dog named diesel died in st. -denis raid 
rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in https … 



is changing its focus 
nytimes : is changing its focus 


