must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 
nytimesarts : rt nytimes : must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . … 

in miami , the brainy side of the beach 
mentioned on 
in the brainy side of the beach 
attractions like classical music , museums and a graffiti district make miami a draw away from the beach . 
there's more to than beaches . check out its brainy side . 
in miami visits past i did what i could to dig into something deeper 

on ‘ 25 ’ : song by song 
adele explains some of the songs on the magnificent ' 25 ' 
every bit of awesome . 
adele on ' 25 ' : song by song - new york times : adele on ' 25 ' : song by song new york times adele's “ 25 ” is easily … 

witnesses describe raid in st. -denis via 
the scene at paris raid looks like from john woo's film : gun battling while pigeon flying 
witness describes raid in st. -denis 
security forces swarm paris suburb via 

what century-old photos from the sites of the paris attacks tell us about france's capital 

reviewed after 
" the biggest sporting venues may have to adopt security setups similar to those at airports " 
piece on the of sporting event security after paris terror attacks 
great summary by on the heightened security protocols at sporting events all over the world post-paris 
stadiums , arena security are being reviewed after the paris terror attacks : 
ceo of brc , quoted in today's on stadium security after the paris terror attacks 
patrick j . brosnan , a counter-terrorism analyst and the ceo of brosnan risk consultants , is quoted in todays new ... 
in madrid on saturday , they will even search fans ' sandwiches . on stadium security after paris attacks . 
1,400 private security workers would be used to reinforce a police force of at least 1,000 officers for el clásico 

sheds reputation as an easy mark for 
microsoft , once infested with security flaws , does an about-face ( 
rt yes has changed . once infested with security flaws , it has done an about-face 
the once-flawed has turned its reputation around and cleaned up its act . details from 
where we learn that microsoft spends more than $1 billion a year on security-related initiatives : 
impresses even the toughest experts . launches operations center 
rt once infested with flaws , does an about-face 
interesting reading on corporate citizenship 
microsoft is now leading the field in terms of security . a real shift of mentality thus reshaping market perception . 

rt excellent , succinct info from why it takes 2 yrs to enter the us . … 
why u.s. visa waiver program is more a problem than refugees ... via 
rt why syrian refugees must wait two years to enter the united states . 
rt syrians already subject to additional checks than other refugees . here's the process : … 
rt why it takes two years to screen syrian refugees trying to get into the us 
rt here's why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the united states … 
the long , long process explained for syrian refugees to enter usa : 
why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
rt why it takes 2 years for a syrian refugee to apply to come to the us 
why it takes two years for syrian to enter the us : 
every1 who wants 2 turn away refugees , plz read this 2 find out just how many layers r required 2 pass us screening : 
rt the 20 step refugee resettlement process that has bigoted politicians and islamophobes so worried . 
rt the vetting process for here are all 20 steps in the 2-year process they go through : … 
why it takes two years for to enter the u.s. 
rt why it takes two years for to enter the u.s. 
rt centerpiece on today's online is syrian refugee process graphic by alum … 
rt why it takes 2 years for to enter the u.s. -- an overview of the complete vetting process : … 
rt why in takes two years to screen refugees 
why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the us . 
rt this is why it currently takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. … 
are you a refugee ? here is the step-by-step to enter the us in only 2 years ! 
plain and simple : why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
facts . 
rt good information on the current screening process in place for syrian refugees → 
rt lirsorg : plain and simple : why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
rt worst possible way to smuggle in terrorists . 
retweeted melissa fleming ( reality check : why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter ... 
two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. , but australia can do it in a matter of months ? 
mt excellent info from why it takes 2yrs to enter the us 

rt where isis claims it has struck , and why 

facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis 
this is ridiculous . there must be smarter ways to stop them from running their websites and social networks ! 
facebook profile frozen , then restored , for user named isis via 

2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
global islamist terror : two air france flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over phoned bomb threats ... from usa 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over concerns 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over security concerns - new york times 
leia no > 2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over secur … see more 
2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over security concerns - 

on high alert since paris attacks , french gear up for climate talks 
still on high alert paris france gears up for climate talks 
two weeks after the paris attacks , france is gearing up for a monumental security challenge 
security analysts say that since france has been locked down under a state of emergency since the nov . 13 attacks , absorbing the extra burden may be easier . 

two hours into deliberations , a juror in the sheldon silver trial wants out . 
sheldon silver corruption trial jury ranges in age from 28 to 69 ; 2/3 of jurors have college or graduate degrees . 
jury deliberations resume this morning in the sheldon silver trial . our tuesday story on the jury craziness . 
a reminder : the jury system may be the best system we have , but man , jurors can be stupid : 
two hours into deliberations , a juror in nys sheldon silver's corruption trial wants out 
can i use this note to be excused from twitter ? 
i bet that silver gets a hung jury : 
in a highly unusual move , a juror sent a note to the judge pleading to be excused less than two hours after the ju … 
such notes from jurors can become an excellent teaching tool in judicial education programs on a national scale . 
rt you can't make this stuff up : simultaneous jury issues at trials of skelos and silver ? … 
so fascinating . this is theatre . 
two hours into deliberations , a juror in the trial wants out : via 
sheldon silver jury begins 2nd day deliberations but one juror wants out : " my heart is pounding ... i need to leave ! 
jury deliberating sheldon silver's fate is as dysfunctional as the nys assembly . pull it together , jurors . 
nytmetro : rt benweisernyt : sheldon silver corruption trial jury ranges in age from 28 to 69 ; 2/3 of jurors have co … 
so who's on sheldon silver's jury ? 7 from brx , 3 manhattan . cabbie , 3 nurses , transit worker --- rest desribed here : 
a peek inside jury deliberations in new york . york 
rt " i'm feeling pressured , stressed out .. i need to leave ! " juror writing to judge in sheldon silver trial deliberations http … 
ok ... i might be a bit biased here ... i just served . but if it is unlawful for a juror to communicate about a ... 
alternate headline : sheldon silver to judge : let her stay , let her stay !! 
juror in sheldon silver trial asks to be excused shortly after deliberations begin 
really great courthouse reporting 

" the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? " 
nice , interactive explainer from on what countries are hoping to achieve at 
national pledges are big step but it will still be too hot 
why matters .. and the hard work that remains 
great charts on the climate change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 
leave it in the ground ! great nyt interactive-current pledges are not enuf for < 6.3 degf 
graphics tell story too -160-plus mean less warming , but still too hot 
the climate pledges are in . will they make a difference ? 
rt without the pledges , global temperatures would likely jump more than 8ºf by 2100 . … 
unprecedented and important national climate pledges are in . more is needed , but got to start somewhere . 
still a long way to go and people power will have to do the rest ! the climate change pledges are in ( not enough ) 
rt the change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? right now , most of the pledges do not … 
rt nice explainer from on what countries are hoping to achieve at 
rt carbon dioxide reduction : the gap between what countries have pledged , and what the goal is https : … 
great interactive on national commitments ahead of 
the change pledges are in . will they fix anything ? right now , most of the pledges do not extend past 2030 . 
awesome interactive : climate change pledges are in , but can they fix anything ? via 
this is a great summary of the paris climate change pledges . 
what do countries hope to achieve at why collective pledges could be the largest emissions cut ever achieved 
rt how do the pledges to reduce ghg emissions add up ? great synthesis by … 
the climate pledges are in , but will they actually fix anything ? an interactive analysis . 
the pledges are in . will they fix anything ? 

it’s only november , and the warriors are dominating the n.b.a. 
it’s early , but the warriors are dominating the n.b.a. 
it's early , but the warriors are dominating the nba - new york times 
it's early , but the are dominating the nba 
warriors make history with 16th straight win - 
“ let’s make history tonight . ” the warriors did just that last night against the lakers . 
sports break : reading about steph curry always delightful esp when article calls kobe bryant the " anti-curry " lol 
. & luke walton creating magic with warriors based on 4 values : joy , mindufulness , compassion , competition : 
playing the warriors is like " chasing butterflies " 
channel core values of steve kerr-joy , mindfulness , compassion & competition warriors make history 16th straight win 
the best start ever in the make history with 16th straight win 

rt via why car salesmen don’t want to sell electric cars 
rt buried lede here : electric cars are less profitable to dealers , so dealers steer their customers away from them … 
a car dealers won’t sell : it’s electric 
car dealers a bottleneck for electric vehicle sales ? research spotlighted 
why electric cars ' target in the u.s. is falling behind ? car dealers don't like them . 
car dealers not enthusiastic about electric cars , why ? less income from maintenance ? |via 
dealers obstacle to increasung the number of electric car sales : 
car dealers don't like selling evs ; gas stations controlled by tobacco & beer industries . so who sells evs ? 
why are there so few electric cars on american roads ? turns out car dealers may be to blame . 
are zero emissions cars as broccoli ? 
a won’t sell : it’s 
are car dealers a bottleneck for electric vehicle sales ? dr. eric cahill explains 
why car salesmen don't want to sell electric cars 
our experience purchasing a nissan leaf from a nissan dealership was not ideal : despite having an appointment ,... 
why car dealers don't like to sell electric 
rt glad that can still sell its cars in ny , especially after reading this : 
which dealers are going to be enthusiastic about selling them to consumers ? 
a dealers won’t sell : it’s 
beautiful . electric cars show good signs of bring a disruptor . dealer ecosystem resisting . go , go ! 
a car dealers won't sell : it's electric . : car dealers are showing scan ... :-( 
car dealers hold keys , may cause bottleneck on sale of says p h.d. graduate eric cahill via 
dealers don't push electric cars because they're too good , i.e. , low maintenance = low profits 
a useful report - with an interesting comment section too ! in truth , this isn't news to me and others ... but i have a … 
dealers earn about 3 times as much profit from service than new cars . no wonder many are refusing to sell electrics : 
because they don't break down and need service dealers not motivated to sell electric cars 
p h.d. graduate eric cahill insights article car dealer bottleneck for 
dealers don't like electric cars . they make less money from sales & a lot less from maintenance . 
rt we knew this car dealers don't want to sell evs even though customers want them ? crazy way to do biz … 

rt " a mistake is quite hard to understand and believe at this stage . " 
rt what the hell ? ac-130 gunship ... intended to target an entirely different compound several hundred feet away http … 
rt if attack was in error , why did they keep firing at msf hospital for over an hour ? … 
the changing us story , now " human error " , really highlights the need for an 
rt us inquiry into msf kunduz bombing finds multiple errors , still doesn't explain 75 mins of attacks . 
this report is as trustworthy as a police report : human error cited in u.s. strike on hospital 
to err is human , but this mistake is hard to excuse with a fog-of-war explanation . it should never have happened . 
human error cited in u.s. strike on kunduz hospital 
errors cited in u.s. airstrike on doctors without borders hospital 
rt pre-release , us “ officials " talk to about hospital bombing report … 
pentagon blames human error in its heinous attack on hospital needed 
human error cited in u.s. strike on kunduz hospital 
rt easy to get lost given today's events , but us now acknowledging serious errors in hitting hospital in http … 
rt 14 lives lost , 14 families who are struggling human error cited in u.s. strike on kunduz hospital … 
rt anonyops : pre-release , us “ officials " talk to nytimes about msf hospital bombing report … 
lots of incompetency in us air strike on afghan hospital . lots of court marshalls needed . 
who's held responsible for this ? or is it just collateral damage in a war that has numbed the world ? 
human error cited in us strike on kunduz hosp . read abt staff killed 
maybe we shouldn't be bombing when the plane's communication system isn't working . just a thought . 
rt multiple errors cited in u.s. airstrike on a doctors without borders hospital in afghanistan https … 
report cites human error in airstrike on hospital 
' human error ' cited in u.s. strike on hospital v 
rt kunduz hospital bombing investigation press conference is tomorrow . for early info on what it might include : https :/ … 
is reading : human error cited in u.s. strike on hospital 
compounding errors of judgement cited in u.s. airstrike on doctors without borders hospital 

as sabotage blacks out crimea , tatars prevent repairs 
rt tatar activists block access to fallen power lines 
just as we started to tame the beast , we shoot down his plane and cut off his power - 
read on crimean tatars as part of activist movement amid new tensions between russia and ukraine . 
rt " crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines " by ivan nechepurenko via nyt 
the always forgotten and by suppressed minority of uses black out to make themselves heard 
🆘as sabotage blacks out terrorists prevent repairs‼️ 
as blacks out prevent repairs 
sunday , saboteurs knocked out power for millions in crimea . monday , tatar and ukrainian nationalists blocked repairs 
as sabotage blacks out prevent repairs 
the cutoff of electricity to crimea is stoking tensions on the " border " with ukraine . by 
crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines : moscow — crimean tatar activists and ukrainian nat ... 
rt neilmacfarquhar : tatar activists block access to fallen power lines 
crimean tatar activists block access to fallen power lines ( new york times ) ( 1301 gmt ) 

from a look at trump’s favorite vehicle : dodge 
rt racism bigotry hate & fear stay … 
donald trump’s shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches 
rt " trump has never apologized or acknowledged a mistake . someone else is always to blame . " donald trump , liberal . … 
donald trump's shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches 
nyt says trump relies on " salesmanlike stretches " and this is an " echo " of goldwater w/o citing " stretch " by latter 
more shade . 
“ [ trump's ] supporters don’t seem to care very much about consistency ... as long as he’s always projecting strength ” 
uses verbal shortcuts and salesmanlike generalities when confronted w/ tough issues , via 
ms. haberman of the nyt analyzes trump's exasperating rhetoric : trump’s shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches 
politicians are not known for adhering to the facts , but trump has shown that voters care less than they ever did 
. this liberal elite has never seen a speech ? it's exposed by the desperation & lies . 
as the contest grows serious , " trump’s shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches " are catching up with him : 
wow : " i didn’t tweet ; i retweeted " 
and stretches 
donald trump’s shortcuts and ( snakeoil ) salesmanlike stretches 
in your heart , you know he's lying . 
" [ he ] denied these things altogether or transferred them to the crude vague instincts which they shared " 
" the electorate , at least the republican electorate , is a little skeptical of specificity this year . ” 
reporter says trump campaign echoes goldwater campaign . " in your guts you know he's nuts " 

end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
end sought to fantasy sites in ny . would be extrodinairy if this industry is killed by regulation 
rt ♟ end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
. expanding on sites 
ny attorney general seeks to end dfs ; yahoo added to inquiry . 
end sought 2 fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said 2 be added to inquiry this rebuts yahoo 4 content 
attorney general seeks to stop fanduel and draftkings 
add yahoo sports to the list of daily fantasy sites involved in the new york attorney general's investigation .... 
yes , eric schneiderman is after yahoo too ... 
ny state attorney general is expanding his investigation into daily fantasy sports sites 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company ( ny times ) . 
top story : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added t … see more 
avoid bloomberg businessweek if you crave accuracy . yahoo info here : 
marissa mayer must think illegal gambling and socially irresponsible activities like this are okay if they make $$ . 

hey , are you looking at me ? good . now , buzz off . 
entity's physical object : hey , are you looking at me ? good . now , event off . 
one more in the long line of victims of the exterminating angel 
i’m thankful for at all times 
" let lady gaga , miley cyrus , justin bieber , drake and taylor swift edit the html of fame . " 
wesley morris critiques , even about movies i don't want to see , are always worth the read . 
nytimesarts : rt johnwilliamsnyt : read wesley_morris on fame , shia labeouf , the jolie-pitts(es ? ) , and how " adele li … 
read on fame , shia labeouf , the jolie-pitts(es ? ) , and how " adele likes being adele . " 
new on shia , angelina jolie and adele ? happy thanksgiving to us all : 
. on shia , angelina , adele & “ slow fame ” : 
. on shia , angelina and the act and art of public obscurity . also , adele : 
critic's notebook : hey , are you looking at me ? good . now , ... ♥ buyfb 

rt morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

a doctor explains why he provides abortions in the south 

paris prosecutor describes st. -denis raid and gun battle — via nytimesworld 
" french prosecutor says abdelhamid abaaoud , suspect ... " from the new york times ( 
paris prosecutor describes st. -denis raid & gun battle 
top story : retweets paris prosecutor describes st. -denis ra … see more 

how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks 
" how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks " by leslie picker via nyt 
the proposed merger between and allergan has helped drive merger activity to a record for 2015 . worldwide 
how the $pfe-$agn deal ranks by equity value , no . 3 behind vodafone-mannesmann and aol-time warner , says 
actually , $4.1 t in 2007 = $4.7 t today , so m&a in 2015 has not eclipsed 2007 
additional ?! er , primary . " for pfizer there was an additional motivation , lowering its tax rate by moving to dublin " 
the deal between pfizer-allergan biggest in history between pharmaceutical companies ..... 
rt $155 billion of pfizer and allergan is the largest of all time 
$155 billion of and is the largest of all time 
with an equity value of $152 billion , the merger is the largest since the heady days of 2000 . 

the serial swatter ( 
rt serial swatter ... great job describing the problem & global jurisdictional problems w/online harassment … 
lone-wolf stalkers & the security state in a scary feedback loop ; amazon profits 
the internet serial swatter 
very smart article by connecting online harassment ( of women ) to the overmilitarizaton of local police . 
a look at a serial swatter and how hard it is to prosecute because of lagging enforcement policy/ease of abuse 
amazing story ! 
rt how a canadian teenager used the over-militarized police force in the us to harass women across north america : … 
personal harassment via swat violence is 1 outcome of america's epic ( 3)50-year freakout over " black crime . " 
how internet trolls are using our over-militarized police to harass people - 
“ how many swattings is prolific ? ” : 
rt horrific story about a teenager who used swatting to terrorize young women : 
rt a riveting crime procedural about how nihilistic trolls exploit our over-militarized and under-technologized police . https … 
man , this is story on an internet thug harassing women on twitch is crazy . 
now this is scary because we have a militarized police force . 

congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 
congressional democrats cautiously defend refugee program via 
“ we can both welcome desperate , vulnerable families+ensure our own security ” via 

france-england game is a friendly in every sense of the word 
" one of the great joys in soccer is its vocabulary . " 
in light of the tragedy in paris , everyone came together during the france/england game 
op-ed : < /span > explaining terror to children 
last night's france vs . england redefined the meaning of a football ( soccer ) ' friendly ' 
followers that love soccer , this is worth time about the france-england friendly and what it means : 
“ la marseillaise ” during the friendly was uplifting to hear beyond any measure 
game is a in every sense of the word 
this france-england friendly game meant nothing , but nothing felt like everything . 
sometimes a friendly is just that . on england-france , which meant nothing but felt like everything . 
" the players had a duty to show the unstoppable tumble that is being alive . " 
friendly steeped in fraternity . all wembley sings “ la marseillaise ” at france-england match . sniff , 
this // normally , the visiting team’s anthem would be played first ; on this night , “ la marseillaise ” was played last 
france-england game was a friendly in every sense of the word 
lovely match report on a " friendly " between france and england 
lovely , lovely match report on france-england " friendly " 
france receives a friendly embrace in england 

rt did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? fact-checks him . … 
did donald trump predict the sept . 11 attacks like he claimed ? nytpolitics fact-checks him . … 

storm system batters colorado and texas 

meet some of our top commenters # 
my friend larry eisenberg , a retired scientist & sf author , is profiled by for his insightful limericks . 
congrats , walter ! featured as 1 of 14 new york times top commenters keep up your strong voice ! happy 🦃 ! 
the comments on this nyt piece about their top commenters are , unsurprisingly , lovely 
rt charming & thoughtful commenters actually exist , profiled here 
very fun to read - meet some of nyt's top commenters 
the puts a face to the ( user)name and profiles its top commenters . 
because one of the nyt's top commenters is a 95-year-old man who comments in poetry 
rt nytimes top commentors . a fascinating glimpse of some thoughtful participants in the public fray . 
this is 1000x more interesting than humans of new york . 
rt these people are awesome . 
how to encourage good commenting ? here's a nice way : profile some of the best , put a face to a name 
rt til chelsea handler's brother uses the handle " socrates " to rile up the nyt's comments section 
great morning read : meet the top nyt commenters 
rt meet the nyt's top commenters . this is an amazing group of humans : 
meet some of top commenters 
rt what a marvelous idea : the ever-innovative puts a face & a personality to its top onl … 
hey b , if we ever get commenters on our site , maybe something for us ! 
i love this . the profiles some of its top commenters . 
woohoo ! not all commenters are trolls ❤ ️ 
this is pretty neat . the profiled some of its top commenters : 
never read the comments 
meet some of the top commenters of 
rt nyt profiled their top commenters . including a 95 year old man who comments only in poetry . https … 
i love this — meet the commenters of the nyt ! 
the introduces some of its top commenters 
know comment - statistical analysis reveals the most influential commenters . 

rt marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 
y esto es lo peligroso " le pen’s anti-islam speech gains influence in france " 
de lo peor ... marine le pen’s anti-islam message is gaining influence in france 

inside the gould memorial library 

a husband remembers his wife ; via 
a husband remembers his wife , ‘ merry , with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids ’ 

cuomo , in shift , is said to back reducing test scores ’ role in teacher reviews 
top story : cuomo , in shift , is said to back reducing test scores ’ role in teach … see more 
i love seeing politicians who have never taught squirm . reducing test scores ’ role in nyc teacher reviews 
what role should test scores play in teacher evaluations ? new york is still deciding 
just common sense ! cuomo is said to back reducing test scores ’ role in teacher reviews 
cuomo , in shift , is said to back reducing test scores ' role in teacher reviews 
how can you improve that which you do not measure ? 
rt cuomo wants out of test scores ’ role in teacher reviews , political mistake costs him key constituency … 
what role should test scores play in evaluations ? is still deciding 

heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
" heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid " fails 
rt french police raid targets mastermind … 
french police raid targets mastermind 🇫🇷 

my favorite website is 
hmm sounds like that's a reliable source 😂 
help wanted : seeks senior editors and a political reporter 
interested in working for 
rt gawker : help wanted : seeks senior editors and a political reporter 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ 
" when asked to name his ideal editor-in-chief of denton told the times : , david carr " 
" alex pareene , this month’s editor of " 
re : donald trump , fr . , extend our presidential candidates an invitation . 
site closes chapter on web gossip to focus … 
yo , restructuring is a definitive mixed bag . switch is good , but turning jezebel into pop culture ? boo .. 
is changing its focus 
will gawker’s pivot to politics win over wary ad buyers ? : ’ s newly announced ... by 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ via 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? : vote . via 
" there are no women in denton’s vision of an ideal " woof . 
editor-in-chief : the ideal gawker story should expose meaningful hypocrisy 
is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? | fishbowldc 
gawker to rebrand as political news site : internet gossip pioneer is moving in a new edi ... 
editor-in-chief explains the sites ' politics via 
newstream© : wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or a head-scratcher ? 
will morph into a site focused on politics , its founder and top editor said . 
nytimes : is changing its focus 

the videos that are putting race and policing into sharp relief : 
the cumulative impact here is overwhelming . we can only hope it leads to radical change ! 
helpful to have all these videos in one place to understand why 
a lot of white people are truly shocked . i know very few black people who are surprised . 
why they don't want video released in jamar clark's execution . 
saw these videos recently and i can't even say anything ... my mouth dropped , my mind shut down and my heart bled . 
rt chicago officials released a dashcam video of the killing of a black 17-year-old in 2014 . https://… 
good job america ! you look disgusting today ! 
a new rodney king every month : 
all the footage still doesn't guarantee justice . transparency is necessary . 
. collected some of the police videos sparking protests in one place 
another kind of intolerance . 
videos of police and minorities have led to nationwide calls for change . see the videos here 
“ white people are truly shocked by what these videos depict ; i know very few african-americans who are surprised " 
the videos that are puttingraceandpolicing into sharp relief 
powerful videos that compel us to examine the gap between american idealism and the lived experience of people of ... 

gifts for food lovers 
gifts for food lovers : the editors of the food section and nyt cooking suggest holiday gifts for the c ... 
i love gift guides . here's one from the 
2015 holiday gift guide via 
. digital gift guide is like wandering through santa's workshop from your desk 

thanksgiving sales kick off black friday . 
now live : our & coverage , including which stores are open & when 
to shop or not to shop on black friday , and where 
the history of black friday tracks the history of modern american retailing . these days , however , the shopping and deals aren’t just limited to one day . 

how agriculture got to europe and changed the human genome in the process 
take that diet - europeans evolved to be milk drinkers & wheat eaters who need less meat in diet thx to agri 
longitudinal genetics mapping study , dna comparison of 230 european skeletons , from farming up through time of rome . 
rt icymi , here’s my story on 6,000 years of human natural selection in europe . 
rt this is fascinating — turns out whiteness is a result of lack of sun + agriculture , not merely lack of sun … 
" agriculture linked to dna changes in ancient europe " 
rt agriculture linked to dna changes in ancient europe 
linked to changes in ancient 
rt so can change 🔜 ! if changd in last 5,000 yrs+/-shd we eat like > 10kyr then ? also how fast lactase/cattle ? http … 
the agricultural revolution altered human dna . 
why we olsens are tall nords & eating 4 blood type makes sense ! ag linked to dna changes in ancient europe 
agriculture is in our dna ( european dna at least ) " human 
" agriculture linked to dna change in ancient europe " 
agriculture linked to dna changes ( and ibs ! ) in ancient europe 
a study marks the first to analyze the of the people who brought farming to europe . 
another nice piece of artice of how agriculture farming causes dna change in ancient europe 
how agriculture left its mark on the genomes of early europeans : 
new study of dna of 230 fossil humans shows adoption to agricultural diet elicit coeliac and irritable bowel disease 

not at all funny but 1st mental image given us holiday was of bird reversing roles : shoots down jet | 
rt not sure if this is good or bad , but it is hard to believe what russia says about not crossing borders given crimea … 
nato-russia tensions rise after turkey downs jet 
rt nov . 25 , 2015 - - turkey shoots down russian warplane near syrian border 
rt downs plane has destabilized world thanks … 
rt turkey shoots down military plane near syria border 
rt turkey shoots down russian warplane near syrian border 
rt turkish fighter jets shot down a military plane close to the syrian border on tuesday … 
rt cold war overtones : 1st time in half century that a nato nation has downed a russian plane : https :/ … 
rt calls downing of a russian fighter jet near border a " stab in the back " 
rt just as some west-russia progress's made on syria and on fighting isis , this happens turkey shoots down russian jet … 
rt breaking news : putin calls turkey’s downing of a russian fighter jet near the syrian border a “ stab in the back ” … 
" nato countries have been concerned about mr. erdogan’s increasingly authoritarian tendencies for some time , and ... 
rt good flight path graphics of russian plane shot down by turkey at syrian border " … 
nytimes still gives good details of rising turkey/nato after the shooting of russian warplane 
rt turkey shoots down military plane near the syrian border 
rt for the first time in half a century , nato shoots down a russian warplane ( by turkey near the syrian border ) … 
misunderstanding over geography . 
rt nyt : now it's even more unlikely that russia would drop support for assad . turkey shoots down russian warplane . … 
nato-russia tensions rise after turkey downs russian jet . radar data being analyzed to determine precise location . 
turkey shoots down russian warplane near syrian border comm : 
really ??? couldn't wait just one more day for this headline : turkey downs jet 
nato-russia tensions rise after downs jet - the new york times 
nato-russia conditions rise after organism downs artefact 

thanksgiving recipes - nyt cooking 
once again , i'd like to thank for the thanksgiving advice . i would be seriously lost without them . 
2015 by “ full guide to the meal ” » 
para quien le va bien dar gracias , sino solo por practicar . happy thanksgiving thanksgiving recipes - 
how2roastturkey : make potatoes : tksgiveguide : 
thanksgiving dinner : ideas and tips - nyt cooking 
amazing 
happy thanksgiving illustration by brian ajhar - 
looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative recipes a try ! 
need help with your thanksgiving feast ? take a look at the new york times ' thanksgiving 2015 webpage . 
scrambling for some last minute recipes ? we've got your back ! 
the cooking for 2015 is awesome . 
last-minute recipe ideas for thanksgiving ! 
last-minute recipes for thanksgiving ! 
need some last-minute thanksgiving dinner inspiration ? 
t'giving menu planner- yum ! 
thanksgiving for all build a feast to please everyone 
brilliant menu planner - thanksgiving recipes 
all the recipes you need for thursday . 
this site by is beautifully done ! don't mind me .. i'll be home drooling tonight . 
it's a great time to start thinking about thanksgiving recipes ! check out a few cooking tips and tricks here : 
an interactive meal planner for holiday feasts . via 
thanksgiving guide 
how to make potatoes - nyt cooking 
loading … 
yummy recipes for thanksgiving from the new york times ! 
the thanksgiving recipes are up . i feel stuffed just looking at them ! - nyt cooking 
rt amazing 
let's see if my meal is edible this year . i try and try and try . 

a definitive debunking of donald trump’s 9/11 claims 
some trump lies simply cannot be ignored . trump's lie about 9/11 and the new jersey muslims is one ! 
rt wouldn't it be nice to see an article ( or 100 ) like this about climate denial ? 
rt " false report . never happened . " nj attorney general debunks donald trump's lies about 9/11 … 
rt definitive fact check on trump's post 9/11 claims . " false report . never happened . " 
9/11 nj attorney general ( who was 9/11 investigator & meticulously documented all ) says trump claim is utterly false 
hmm .... does the news media just want to sell papers , have eyeballs watching , or do they really follow up on ... 
if can't assess facts after 14 years , how will he respond to a crisis in real time ? 
" a definitive debunking of tronald dump’s 9/11 claims " just your daily reminder this guy is a despicable idiot 
rt " indifferent as mr. trump is to facts . " never thought nyt of all places would come out as strongly . 

coney island : 
luv coney island . fav place by far is eldorado bumper cars ... where u can bump your ass off ! 
coney island is back ! but here it is before it came back . are you a nostalgia fanatic ? this nytimes article will ... 
rt an exhibition at tracks coney island through its stylish rise , slow decline and eventual revival . https : … 
" coney island : visions of an american dreamland , 1861-2008 " at brooklyn museum : 
rt excited for this coney island exhibit seems to have some really quirky but interesting art : … 
" there’s still this creative and rebellious spirit there — a kind of edgy magic that i hope is never lost . ” 
coney island is on view in all its wonderful & sinister splendor 
coney island : the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! the - the new york times 
so miss my i went to for the first time in years this summer and had a blast ! 

finding the links among the paris attackers 
nbcinvestigates : rt nytimes : finding the links among the paris attackers 
finding the links among the paris attackers via 

rt “ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race 
nytimes : “ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race 

gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 
just in time , saw yr chestnut cake ! 
if gluten is something you tend to avoid , has a couple of delicious flour-free desserts you’ll love . 
thnks 2 4 thanksgiving desserts from me & 
rt now i know what to do with my chestnut flour and bag of cranberries . thanks https : … 
bless for chocolate chestnut cake & cranberry curd tart recipes via & 

paul ryan calls for halt to syrian refugee program 
republicans call 4 halt 2 syrian refugeeprogram ( and many democrats joined them , here's why ? ) 
i’ve joined a bipartisan group of legislators in calling for a suspension of the syrian refugee program . 
republicans call for halt to syrian ... | 
also tuesday , two senators announced a push for a formal authorization of military force agains .. 
rt house speaker paul ryan calls 4 halting syrian refugee program . it's now officially on the republican platform … 
to reject refugees is as bad as 1930s when us rejected jews fleeing saying they were communist spies 
republicans call for halt to human program - new york times 

rt is changing its focus 

mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presi ... 
read the new york times profile of argentina's president-elect mauricio macri via 
interesting read about life of mauricio macri 
with president-elect who lists both freddie mercury & howard roark as influences , argentina has nowhere to go but up 
took detour from life as scion t argentine presidency 
a look at mauricio macri , president-elect of argentina and massive freddie mercury fan by 
mauricio took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency 
macri : from business to soccer to politics . 
should read this one ( rand among his favs ! ) macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency 
macri's election a big deal , but peronists have only held the presidency for 33% of last 4 decades , contra the nyt 
mauricio took detour from life as scion to presidency 
at boca juniors macri first displayed his preference for working in teams and mediating between quarrelling parties 
macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency - new york times 
argentina's president-elect says being kidnapped in 1991 put him on path to politics . a profile : 
an important election 
rt pesonaindon mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presi ... 

rt a rallying cry in paris : " everyone to the bar ! " 

carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
" ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to presid … 
carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president via 
ben ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
first draft : ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to ... 
first draft : ben carson's ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
the 1st doc quoted is my doc and what he says is part of why i respect him so greatly . 
first draft : ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transiti ... unete a 
first draft : carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition ... 
news " ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition … 
first draft : carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed … 
" carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president " … 
" carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president " by steve eder and pam b … 

foiling electronic snoops in email 
rt over 2 weeks , found 280 of his 1,400 emails - many from pr folks - had trackers planted in them . tech fix : https://… 
around 60% of sent emails use trackers , detecting when and where messages are opened . here's what to know : 
rt this week's tech fix is on email trackers and the various ( not ideal ) ways to stop them 
the new york times via digg 
a review of the options available to keep companies from tracking you in email : 
another technology arms race : email tracking . can be used for good or evil or just plain creepy . 
" by some estimates , trackers are now used in as much as 60 percent of all sent emails . " 
grouping entity : foiling electronic organisms in communicating 
abstraction attribute : foiling electronic living things in abstract entity 
thanks for the heads up re email trackers been planning to review my email subs - will expedite that ! 
after reading this article on email tracking , i changed my settings . 
foiling the electronic snoops in your email : 
“ practically every marketing email now contains some form of a tracker . ” 
rt stopping snoops on 

ta-nehisi coates wins national book award : 
reading duly endorsed . alternative drink suggested . kisses . :) 
bravo to fellow on his award ! 
rt congratulations to the national book award winners . 
rt ta-nehisi coates = national book award thank you for writing a beautiful , important and timely no … 
adding to other honors bestowed upon him this year , has won the what a year ! 
rt well deserved 
rt many congrats to for his national book award . check it out from our cafe collection today ! … 
wins national book award . so well deserved !!! 
congratulations to this brave author ! wins national book award 
rt congrats to fellow on his award ! 
rt don delillo , always in character 
rt congrats to on winning the national book award ! 
“ between the world and me ” fellow ta-nehisi coates ' study being a black man in us wins nat'l book award . 
rt pleased that ta-nehisi coates won the award : a genuinely essential read in this pl … 
rt ta-nehisi coates wins 
one can completely empathize with african americans while rejecting ta-nehisi coates way of thinking 
congratulations to ta-nehisi coates for winning the national book award for his book " between the world and me " . 

many doctors unaware of truvada , drug for preventing h.i.v. 
many doctors unaware of drug for preventing & 
national briefing| many doctors remain unaware of drug that helps prevent h.i.v. transmission 
truvada protects almost completely against hiv . but 1 in 3 primary care docs & nurses in the us haven't heard of it 
did you know that 1/3 of primary care doctors in the are unaware of the pill that could prevent 
health - the new york time many doctors unaware of truvada , drug … see more 
many doctors still unaware of truvada , drug for preventing h.i.v. 
90%+ protection for male | doctors unaware of truvada , drug preventing 
top health story : many doctors unaware of truvada , drug for preventing h . i … see more 
- top story : many doctors unaware of truvada , drug for preventing … see more 
many unaware of for preventing 
truvada prevents hiv , but few doctors are aware of it , via | 
ny times newtop story : many doctors unaware of truvada , drug for preventing h . i … see more 
usa | truvada can protect almost completely against getting but a third of doctors and nurses have never ... 
rt many unaware of drug for preventing h.i.v. 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

britain and germany test support for stronger steps against isis - - 
rt stop bombing the people of the middle east for their oil . let the people of the me self-determine their govts . htt … 
david cameron bolsters call for lawmakers to authorize syrian airstrikes 
rt isis is a statistically insignificant threat . david cameron is exaggerating the threat w/ his fear propaganda . htt … 
rt " bomb , bomb , bomb " foreign policy in me only increases enmity towards the bombing countries & radicalizes more people . ht … 
david bolsters call for to authorize airstrikes 
cameron in bid for cheap redtop headline with misguided , ill-informed call to repeat his lybia foolishness 
pushes for to begin airstrikes on in on self defense premise . opposes plan : 
david cameron bolsters call for lawmakers to authorize airstrikes 

nestl 
nestlé reports on abuses [ slavery , human trafficking ] in thailand’s seafood industry thanks to 
nestlé reports on abuses in thailand’s seafood industry 
hopefully this new approach will recognize labor violations in thailand as well 
rt “ sometimes , the net is too heavy , and workers get pulled into the water and just disappear . ” https : … 
nestle reports on in thailand's shrimp industry : 
new release : cd baby page is ready for gene poo poo man anderson : funky for santa claus ( live ) .… 
the seafood industry in thailand suffers from widespread labor and human rights abuses , exposing virtually all ameri … 
" blows the whistle " on thailand seafood supply chain labor/human rights abuses food companies ' endemic risk 
releases report on labor and human rights abuses in seafood industry 
the industry in thailand suffers from widespread and human rights abuse 
will companies in your investment portfolio report human rights abuses ? nestlé acts with impact . 
rt world's largest food company says all seafood companies in thailand exposed to sea slavery . https :/ … 
reports on abuses in industry 
rt nestle reports on abuses in thailand’s seafood industry 
rt nestlé finds slave labor , human trafficking , & abuses in thailand’s seafood industry ; fancy feast faces litigation : http … 
nestlé report that thai seafood industry suffers from widespread labor and human rights abuses 
rt a report by nestlé cataloged widespread labor and human rights abuses in thailand's seafood industry . … 
this should be punish . we should know who they are and boicot their products 
the latest scathing report on thai seafood industry comes from an unexpected source : world's biggest food company . 
latest report on exploitation in fishing industry comes frm unlikely source - world's largest food company 

a century ago , einstein’s theory of relativity changed everything 
tbt to oct 25 1915 , when theory of was born - 
more about the theory that changed the world as we know it ! 
rt how einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 
rt can you imagine science without einstein's theory of relativity ? happy 100th anniversary https : … 
100 years ago einstein's theory of relativity took the world by storm 
your holiday century ago , einstein’s theory of relativity changed everything 
rt happy this historic anniversary reminds us of the importance of basic research https://… 
rt november 25th marks the 100th anniversary of einstein's general theory of relativity . https://… 
it's all relative . how einstein's theory of relativity changed everything . great take : by 
rt a century ago today , albert einstein wrote down his theory of relativity . … 
a hundred years ago today , albert einstein set out his general theory of relativity . 
100 years of einstein ... 
dramatic leap in understanding the world in one human lifespan 
science and tech top story : a century ago , einstein’s theory of relativity chan … see more 
rt celebrating the 100th anniversary of albert einstein's theory of relativity . … 
relativity theory is centennial today ( 1915-2015 ) 
what a century it gave us ! 
rt a century ago , changed everything . 
rt 100 years of general relativity 
rt a century ago , theory of relativity changed everything . → … 
if the cosmological constant couldn’t keep the universe still , then forget about it and mach’s principle ,... 
a century ago , einstein's theory of relativity changed everything via thanks 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter wit 
family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
even not discussing criminal history , just glowing " quiet , godly man " angle . compare w/ ferguson . 
family of idaho man says he was " murdered " by police 
and we have shooting incident , so not looking great but still come 
" let’s go see what god created . " 
intersting read that offers alternative but still negative narrative on police-civillian interactions in idaho town 
some of tight-knit dynamics ; interesting piece from on " anger , doubt " after fatal encounter 
annals of idaho : white conservatives also don't like it when their loved ones are shot and killed by the police 
anger and doubt rise after man’s encounter with 
good boy ; dindu nuffin . 
police are shooting good ol ' boys now . wonder if that will change any attitudes ? 
anger and doubt rise after idaho ranch owner's fatal encounter with deputies 
idaho deputies fatally shot a local man and his small western town seeks his justice 
family of man by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man's fatal encounter with deputies - new york times 

100 years ago , albert einstein set down the equation that rules the universe . via 
“ 100 years ago today , albert einstein set down the equation that rules the universe . ” 
top story : fomaworld instagram see more 
top story : instagram see more 
how matter and energy distort the geometry of the cosmos to produce the effect we call gravity . 
the new york times on instagram : “ 100 years ago today , albert einstein set down the equation ... 
100 years ago today , albert einstein set down the equation that rules the universe . the theory of relativity ... 
100 years ago today , set down the equation that rules the universe . 

what will it take to destroy isis ? experts from around the world weigh in . 

rt mourners reflected in the bullet-pierced glass of le carillon in paris on tuesday … 

thanks , dave anderson , for the shout-out in there’s plenty to be grateful for in sports 
" this thanksgiving , there’s plenty to be grateful for in sports " 
from london to missouri , plenty of thanks to be passed around 
this there’s plenty to be grateful for in 
this thanksgiving , there's plenty to be grateful for in sports - new york t ... 

have many in france eager to join the fight 
rt after the attacks by the islamic state in paris , a fierce desire to protect the homeland . https :/ … 
rt paris attacks-many in france eager to join the fight 
france is eager to join the fight : " french army applications have quintupled to around 1,500 a day . " 
attacks have many in france eager to fight back against isis - nytimes 
1500 a day seeking to enlist in french army since paris attacks . tricolore sales also up . 
rt since the attacks in paris , 1,500 people seek daily to enlist in the french army . … 
islamic paris attacks spark massive rise in french joining army & police just like 9/11 did 
military-industrial-congressional complex at work . tht's all paris attacks have many n france eager to join the fight 
rt war is the health of the state . 

" not only do holiday preparations not have to be back-breaking , it can be better when they’re not . " 
" in praise of the good enough holiday " 
the only thing you need to know to have a perfect holiday season , by 
a rough-around-the-edges holiday is not only just as good , but often better 
never before have so many worthy options for decorating and 
personal is more important than perfect this holiday season 
i know this is just some other bs nyt think-piece about the state of humankind in the modern world , but it's good -> 
has social media killed our entertaining buzz ? 
" that which is recorded on the heart is , alas , not instagrammable . " 

a call for compassion ... 
refugees across europe fear repercussions from 
top story : retweets refugees across europe fear repercussio … see more 
refugees fear repercussions isis responsible but who funds/enables isis and supports refugee hate ? 
rt across europe fear repercussions from they flee same or actually much wors … 
across europe fear repercussions from they flee same or actually much worse violence 
refugees across fear repercussions from paris attacks : after fleeing their homeland … 
ny times : refugees across fear repercussions from paris attacks 
after in fear growing suspicion of their hosts and hostility on the 

matthieu mauduit , whose brother died at the bataclan , has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's memory 
following a musical thread throughout his life — - via 
nytimes : matthieu mauduit , whose brother died at the bataclan , has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's m … 
matthieu mauduit , whose brother died at the bataclan , has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's memo … 
following a musical thread throughout his life via here's a temporal one : 
feature of cédric mauduit one of the many victims : following a musical thread throughout his life via 

in iceland , a literary tour explores rich history 
" the culture of storytelling seemed to be the source of their greatest national pride . ” literary tour of iceland . 
" the culture of storytelling seemed to be the source of their greatest national pride . ” tour of iceland . 
as if i didn't want to be there already its full of writers and readers !!! 
iceland has more books published , more books read per person than anywhere else in the world 
" i could write here , i thought . there is a constant struggle in this place " 
in a literary tour explores rich history 
a tour of explores rich history 
iceland , a country of story-tellers , with an almost 100% literacy rate 
icelanders , a nation of storytellers . nice piece by 
iceland has more books read per person than any other country ... 
a literary tour in iceland , where a culture of storytelling seems to be the source of their greatest national pride : 
in iceland , literary tour explores rich history one of the traits that made isl the most magical place i've visited 
rt rt icelandinus : in from nytimestravel 

regulating flow of refugees gains urgency in greece and rest of europe 
top story : retweets regulating flow of refugees gains urgen … see more 
top regulating flow of refugees gains urgency in greece and rest of euro … see more 
powerful photographs of refugees arriving in greece , by 
rt security becomes topic when it comes to europe's new migrant " hot spots . " 
regulating flow of gains urgency in and rest of 
ny times : regulating flow of refugees gains urgency in and rest of 
regulating flow of refugees gains urgency in and rest of efforts to create … 

congratulations humans , only 3 white rhinoceroses left in the world with few chances of breeding naturally 
taking time to watch the video made the sad news easier - nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
3 white rhino left on the earth !! death at san diego safari park 
weep ! we will never forget you nola !!! 
endangered white rhino nola dies at ... | 
so sad . rip nola . 
this is devastating news . endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park ( liam stack / new york times ) 
only 3 northern white rhinoceroses left on earth 
endangered white rhino dies at zoo safari park - only 3 nothrn white rhinos left 
and now there are only three . " endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park poaching , " civil " wars , human indifference . rip nola 
sure , when it is a white rhino , the media cares . 
nola , one of only four known northern white rhinoceroses , died on sunday at the san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left in the world : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
only 3 left ... blows my mind endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park - new york times 
and then there were three . endangered dies at san diego zoo safari park 
sad side of science -endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zo o-o nly 3 known yet to exist . 
and then there were 3 - devastating 
sad news to hear that the endangered white rhino nola died at safari park 
this is truly sad : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
endangered northern white rhino dies at san diego zoo this weekend . only 3 left in the world 
anf then there were three : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
there are only 3 white rhinos remaining on this planet . endangered white rhino nola dies 
breaks my heart : endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
" endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park " by liam stack via nyt science 
and then there were three : nola , one of the last white rhinos , died in san diego 
rip dear nola ! you must have been so lonely ... endangered white rhino nola dies at san diego zoo safari park 
this is what extinction looks like . 
rt awww . then there were 3 : nola , one of the last white died in san diego 
this leaves only 3 white rhinos , poachers would have it at 0 - endangered white rhino dies at san diego zoo 
the last three known northern white rhinoceroses live at the ol pejeta conservancy in kenya , where they roam in a ... 
3 white rhino left on earth ! death at san diego safari park 
northern white yesterday there were only four in the world , today there are three . 

a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials said 
live coverage | german soccer match was canceled over ' concrete ' threat ... - new york times 
a soccer match between and the was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat : 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , official … 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials s … 
points : a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled becau … 

what causes eye twitches ? 
you know that eye twitch you get sometimes ? well , this is why you get it ! 
most people experience an eye twitch every now and then - find out why ! 
ask well : eye twitches 
the the new york times explores the reasons behind the ever so common eye-twitch . 
you know that eye twitch everyone gets once in a while ? well , this is why you get it ! 
dont consider twitching of d eye as good or bad omen ... here is why : -eye twitches 
you know that eye twitch you get sometimes ? well , this is why it happens ! 
important eye twitch news 
do you know why your eye twitches ? 
rt what causes the eye to twitch ? via 
an answer to my problem ... blepharospasm : 
of interest ... 
rt i have always wondered about this ... 
ask ny times well blog : via 
eye twitches are often caused by stress , but involuntary eyelid spasms could be something more severe via 
this time of year we get more patients experiencing this common complaint . 
does your eye twitch ? read this to find out what causes it ! 

rt what can we do with isis ? experts ' opinions 
rt everyone talks about eradicating tell us what it would take . … 
envisioning how global powers can smash isis 
experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
this shouldn't be controversial . 
rt experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
" experts explain how global powers can smash isil " via 
. talking about how to defeat isis , laughably out of his depth . how about some expert opinions : 
one of the more reasoned analyses of syria , is and possible responses . 
rt an absolute must-read on a1 tomorrow about where isis came from , what it wants , and how to destroy it : … 
to unify to stop evil isis 
rt public has to see muslims as part of the solution to isis . https :/ … 
“ isis thrives on the failures of middle eastern governments , ” 
an ultimate defeat of the isis cannot happen without a reformation within islam 
experts explain how global powers can defeat isis 
rt best explainers yet on rise , and next questions , by … 
rt more muslims debating islam could help counter - see but are muslim publics ready ? https :/ … 
how to beat 
much of the world agrees that the islamic state needs to be crushed : discussion : " how global powers can smash isis " 
isis , isil or daesh has proved to be as flexible and amoebalike as it is apocalyptic and brutal 
so , the " solution " to isis post-paris is same as before : removing assad , a counterweight to isis . makes sense right ? 
“ there is probably no solution to isis until there is a solution to assad ” 
pretty in-depth ( helpful for the layman ) overview of the isis problem . 
rt " to beat isis , you need the enlistment of the sunni forces that won’t happen as long as assad remains in power . " … 
experts explain how can smash isis 

nyt now : live updates on the terror attacks investigation 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of d … — via 
charlie hebdo : “ screw them . we have champagne . ” 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of defiance 
live updates on the terror attacks investigation – via 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 

nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
not-so-great times in brooklyn , either . the state of the nets , by 
nets ' disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
nets and celtics ; some things never change 
wrote a column about the sad fortunes of broooklyn .... broooklyn 
boo hoo , brooklyn : 
dating single on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting w ... 
it could always be worse ... a lot worse : 
great story idea , but man is it over-written 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps … 

pop music might change , but adele doesn't . reviews her new album " 25 . " " 
pop music might change , but adele doesn't . joncaramanica reviews her new album " 25 . " 

sessions supported two resolutions challenging obama’s anti-energy regulations which passed the senate : 
sessions backs two resolutions challenging obama’s anti-energy regs which passed the senate 
senate votes to block obama’s climate change rules 
senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
this is terrifying and grossly negligent : senate votes to block obama’s rules 
works for no concern for or else he would've supported 
rt the senate blocks president obama’s climate change rules . via … 
the senate voted this week to repeal the thankfully , promised to veto and 
the has voted to block tough new regulations 
what now ? ' senate votes to block prez obama’s rules ' just in time for paris . 
u.s. senate votes to block obama’s rules 
category : american politics " senate voted to block obamas new climate regs " 
senate blocks obama's climate change rules 
tuesday , the senate voted to repeal the promised to veto and 
votes to block obama’s change rules 
senate votes against environmental protection agency rules to cut carbon emissions from coal-fired power plants : 
the political brinksmanship game grinds on : senate votes to block obama’s rules - the new york times 
the us is again primed to enter global climate talks with hat in hands 
senate votes to block obama's climate change rules - 
no objections , republican voters ? money is the highest priority , even though you won't get a single dime out of it … 
dear gop leadership , the future of humanity is at stake . get your heads out of your butts and face reality . 
rt rejects epa regs , but lacks veto-proof supermajority 

a side serving of science for your next birthday party 
sometimes the eye of the artist inspires science . 
a side serving of for your next birthday party thanks 
watching popping balloons with a high = speed camera : 

a more conservative catholic church awaits pope francis in africa 
a more conservative catholic church awaits pope francis in africa - nyt quotes my colleague philip jenkins 
+be aware+ a more conservative catholic church awaits pope francis in africa 
begins his first trip to africa today 
retweeted raymond arroyo ( pope begins trip to kenya and uganda today . security and doctrinal ... 
rt pope begins trip to kenya and uganda today . security and doctrinal concerns await him : 
rt as the pope begins his trip to africa , he will face a more conservative catholic church … 
rt thx to banned now has 14% of world’s 1.2 billion 2050 they will be 25 to 30% https : … 
a more conservative grouping awaits organism in land 
africans account for 14% of the world’s catholics . by 2050 they will be 25-30% . via 
rt headlines in kenya call him the “ pope of hope . ” francis arrives in nairobi today for his first trip to africa . … 
nytimesworld : as the pope begins his trip to africa , he will face a more conservative catholic church … 
top story : retweets a more conservative catholic church awa … see more 

we’re living longer . that’s great , except for social security . 
abolish soc . security wage/salary cap rate of 12.4% ; $ 118,500 for social security solvency/inequality . 
by the numbers : we’re living longer . that’s great , excep 
wrt longevity , problems w/ are tip of iceberg what about household balance sheets ? 
. on how can accommodate more americans retiring but living longer lives 
this is an interesting look at what social security is facing , with some solutions that need to be considered . 
here is an interesting look at where we are and what we can do to fix the problem social security is facing . 
we live longer . that's great , except for social security : fix ss by taking more money in & sending less out ( nyt ) 
we’re living longer . that’s great , except for via 
despite the political challenges , fixing social security is rather simple : take more money in , send less money out … 
not sexy , but can't be ignored in any election cycle . 

rt breaking news : french officials are seeking a belgian who has fought for isis as the mastermind of the paris attacks … 
call to arms in france amid hunt for belgian suspect in paris attacks - 
rt it is critical that " war " on does not subvert democracy or become a crusade against muslims . … 
one paris attacker entered europe in wave of migrants , officials confirm - new york times 
belgian who fought for isis masterminded paris attack , official says - new york times 
rt abaaoud was already a suspect in a failed jan plot in belgium & aug plot 2 shoot passengers on paris-brussels train https : … 
abdelhamid abaaoud was already wanted for a terrorist plot that was foiled in january . the fren .. 
rt false reports of gunfire during vigil highlights the anxiety in paris . more news here : … 
call to arms in amid hunt for suspects 

policy questioned : ... 
improved concussion mgt protocols in a big improvement , but still loopholes leave players open to risks . 
nfl sports : brain injury / head injury protocols not being followed : a player concussed , and a policy questioned 
concussion policy questioned after quarterback stayed on the field despite showing concussion symptoms 
nfl player's concussion raises questions about consistency in league's new policy . 
rt football : policy questioned -- observers are wondering whether the nfl's system to handle concussions is working . … 
ouch . 
end football would be funny if it weren't deadly 
when will football fans realize that they are increasingly becoming like spectators at a roman coliseum who enjoy ... 
observers are wondering whether the n . f . l . ’ s system to handle concussions is working as designed after the rams’… 
( lack of ) treatment of st louis rams qb suggest protocols are inconsistently applied 

prayers for maxime : looks like i had a distant relative among the victims of the paris attacks , 
maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the bataclan concert hall 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan massacre - 

engineering mosquitoes ’ genes to resist 
interesting research into designing genes to stop the spread of 
wild release of malaria resistant mosquitoes engineered with " drive " gene . ( hmmm .... ) 
a group led by prof . anthony james created a novel breed of mosquito that they hope will help eradicate malaria 
thanx for using image ja5504 ( in your article : 
rt engineering mosquitoes ’ genes to resist 
a new mosquito to defeat 
this is exciting research that could play a key role in eradicating malaria 
engineering mosquitos to resist 
engineering to resist 
science is so cool . great story in on the amazing things scientists are doing to fight malaria : 
here's a scary one : shall we use nature as one giant gmo laboratory ? who cares if it involves some 3rd world ... 
curing malaria by genetically engineered mosquitoes 
now these are some mosquitoes we can get behind to help eradicate malaria . 
a that they hope will help eradicate from the world ?!? yes !! finally !! 
check this out ! engineering mosquitoes ’ to resist 
eliminating malaria and 600k deaths/year . 
altering mosquito to fight ( and etc ) 
engineering genes to resist 

reveal the strategic limits of 
brilliant summary by olivier roy of paris and the strategic limits of isis 
good and clear explanation about the mess we are almost all in ... 
rt finally something interesting on the paris attacks , and not surprisingly , the author is olivier roy . 
olivier roy ( my colleague at eui florence ): france suffers but attacks in paris reveal the strategic limits of isis 
north : kurds , east : iraqi shittes , west : alawites ( now russian protected ) , south : unwelcoming lebanon & jordan 
" but war is not won without infantry " -thoughtful nyt piece on the isis puzzle 
globalized terrorism is no more effective , strategically than conducting aerial bombings without forces on the ground 
rt reveal the strategic limits of 
" globalized terrorism is no more effective , strategically , than conducting aerial bombings without groundforces " 
seems like has already peaked 
earnest fight against daesh starts with political agreement among regional players 
interesting analysis by olivier roy on daesh/isis 
goed maar deprimerend stuk : no regional player is willing to send out its forces to reclaim land from isis 
essential voice , essential points .... 
quoting has no support among the muslim people living in europe . it recruits only at the margins . " 
solid analysis says that t isis will not spread , but local forces are not in a hurry to defeat them : 
good summary of the interests dilemma . 
♻️ posting this again cos it's the best isis piece this week | the attacks in paris reveal strategic limits of isis 
the main actors in the middle east deem other enemies , not to be more important . 
very interesting article on the strategic limits of daesh/isis by olivier roy via 
has isis reached it's strategic limits ? 

sf bay area startup gets ugly produce onto tables so it stays out of trash 
" getting ugly produce onto tables so it stays out of trash " 
excited that was in the new ugly produce trend is growing ! 
how to get ugly produce onto tables & keep it out of trash 
this is a program that we at bon appetit/google have embraced and practice at our sites . " in food-obsessed san ... 
getting ' onto so it stays out of 🍽 
as we eat too much on & starve , picky americans throw out " ugly " 
preventing food waste one eccentric carrot at a time 
check out our food waste fighting friends , imperfect , in the new york times . there's a lot of work to be done to ... 
rt edible , but ugly did u see ? in today ! go ug … 
thankful for california's bounty of produce in all shapes & sizes 
very cool project to keep out of trash and reduce wish they had something like this in 
super interesting article on " ugly produce " & how it relates to america's larger food waste problem 
aesthetics does not need to considered when you are choosing your produce . just because it doesn't look the same ... 
anyone with a home garden knows " ugly food " tastes just as good . 
supporting the startups that are going to 
great piece on embracing to reduce 
. let us know what you think ! so excited to try ! " 
❤ ️ that was featured in the hooray for eliminating 
i'm tired of ppl not giving " ugly " fruits a chance 
" real food has curves " - inspiration , how to promote imperfect fruit and vegetables 
cook up some this thanksgiving ! 
getting ugly produce onto the dinner table - story by featuring 
getting ugly onto tables so it stays out of trash 
getting ugly onto tables so it stays out of trash via haroldlgardner 
real women have curves , and so do real produce . or so says this san francisco start-up . 

new york today : ways to give thanks 
here are a few opportunities to help out to some of the city’s neediest residents . 
there are lots of ways this holiday season to give thanks , but a good one is by giving back to some of the city’s ... 

rt your tuesday briefing : paris attacks , russia plane , charlie sheen - new york times 
your tuesday briefing - the new york times 

for france , an alliance against isis may be easier said than done 
rt and so far efforts to form an alliance with russia against isis have moved haltingly htt … 
. on how makes money . it’s basically a diversified portfolio of terror . 
“ except for france and the united states , at this point no one thinks going after isis is the first priority . ” 
too little too late ? open to cooperate with 
except for us & france , no one thinks going after isis is the first priority , says via 
with authoritarian-sympathizing involved , everything’s easier said than done . 
what are we willing to give up to build a coalition against is ? via 
france’s plan to create a comprehensive coalition against isis may be “ easier said than done . ” 
. on in talk the talk of being part of solution , walk the walk of being part of problem 
for france , an alliance against may be easier said than done 
rt by attacking france and russia , the islamic state has brought the u.s. , russia and france into closer alliance . … 
alliance against isis may be easier said than done , via 
a coalition of the unwilling ? 
rt “ except for and the united states (?) , at this point no one thinks going after is the first priority ” https : … 
for an alliance against may be easier said than done 
the united states and russia have been drawn together against isis by the paris attacks , but disagreements between … 
the shifting world order on syria 
for an against isis may be easier said than done , & 
rt if wants alliance , should conduct its military ops . this way most europeans can play & they should . https : … 

sounds delish . worth a try to give them a twist 
brussels sprouts sliders 
brussels sprouts sliders using your interesting 
loving the sound of these . easily made to be friendly . 
for the vegans at the thanksgiving table .... these look good to me ! 
an interesting dish with brussels sprouts .. 
this is a new take on brussel sprouts . i have a stalk full of them in my fridge sourced locally . i can make these ... 
interesting and very healthy sliders recipe .... 

inside the gould memorial library , a dazzling building in need of a facelift . photos 

how to host thanksgiving : dos and don'ts 
" please , cloth ! " flofab on napkins and much more . how to host thanksgiving via 
etiquette advice for entertaining on thanksgiving : 
how to host dos and don'ts via 
old-fashioned etiquette reappearing , in line with increasing respect for so-called real food ? 
new york times : watch : dos and don’ts for hosting thanksgiving . 
a todos nuestros anfitriones de thanksgiving : ¡gracias ! 
the times’s florence fabricant gives etiquette advice for entertaining on 
after watching this , i'm feeling confident ! especially since 24 guests will be dining at my house thursday evening … 

even ballet dancers are in awe of stephen curry’s moves 
! $ua presents the art o 😳™ ! $study 
" curry seems to transcend the sport , turning the game into theater . " even ballet dancers are in awe of stephen curry 
i'm thankful for my family , basketball and steph curry ( in that order ) " ballet dancers are in awe of stephen curry " 
bringing joy to golden state warriors fans everywhere ! 
what a ballet dancer thinks about steph curry /cc 
steph curry's grace , through the eyes of ballet dancers 
rt as we settle in for a blowout , i talked to ballet dancers about steph curry : 
even ballet dancers are in awe of steph curry “ there’s a certain sense of musicality to the way his body works , ” 
the artistry of stephen curry 
“ what i see the most when i watch steph is the incredible coordination he has with his arms , his legs and the way ... 
finally had a chance to pick up the and saw this : even ballet dancers are in awe of moves 
the artistry of stephen curry via 
[ curry ] who is not talking about stephen curry now ?... 
rt ballet dancers study stephen curry's moves . love this : 
effortless movement : stephen curry and ballet via 
the artistry of stephen curry - taras domitro was not a basketball fan when he joined the san francisco ballet ... 
rt nyt : grace on the court draws bravos from the world of ballet — 
attn : 
the artistry of stephen curry from via 
i am in awe therefore i am a ballet dancer . 
rt " the way he dribbles the ball is the way we handle a woman on stage . ” 
stephen curry grace on the basketball court . 
a great mashup of sport . i think you'll like this one , 
le danseur stephen curry par le ny times . 

pasta with fried lemons and chile flakes 
pasta with fried lemons and chile flakes i am to lazy to cook this . so you can make it 

11 easy steps to your place in the beloved pantheon of thanksgiving nose-thieves : 
giving thanks for a proper ‘ got your nose ’ bit 
happy thanksgiving ! we are grateful for this advice from 
how to distract children on the verge of holiday meltdowns using a classic gag 
dinner slow ? distract the kids w/ the always-funny threat of facial disfigurement in 11 easy steps . 
one of my favorite funny-men , gary rudoren , has some excellent pointers ( and warnings ) for playing the age-old ... 
giving thanks for a proper & your nose & bit 
how do all those elderly uncles know how to steal a kid's nose ? 
rt how do all those elderly uncles know how to steal a kid's nose ? … 
rt :) 3atea97 : how to distract children on the verge of holiday meltdowns using a classic … 
dinner slow ? on distracting kids w/ the always-funny threat of facial disfigurement in 11 easy steps . 
giving thanks for a proper ' got your nose ' bit 
" dinner slow ? garyrudoren on distracting kids w/ the always-funny threat of facial disfigurement in 11 easy steps . " 

french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking the public not to publicize the locations 
don't publicize police action on social media , say french police , it impedes operations 
french police ask people not to share locations of nationwide checkpoints they set up : 
🇺🇸 french police set up checkpoints all over france , but asking the public not to publicize the locations ( ny times ) 

racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 
revjjackson : rt nytimes : racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 

chicago officer charged in death of black teenager 
what a joke ! peaceful ? chicago protests mostly peaceful after video of police shooting - the new york times 
rt chicago protests mostly peaceful . calm as the parents asked aftervideo release of police shooting … 
a chilling dashcam video of the fatal shooting of a black 17-year-old teenager 
rt cop arrested for 1st degree murder . cop emptied the clip in 17 year old who was armed with folding knife chicago https://… 
illinois cop van dyke charged first-degree murder 4 shooting death of 17-year-old laquan mcdonald in october 2014 . 
chicago protests mostly peaceful after video of police shooting is released 
chicago braces after video of police shooting is released 
rt racists confused & silent as protests are free of riots , looting & violence htt … 
media focus is so often on protests & if they were peaceful instead of the why behind the protest . 
rt why a murder charge ? foia everything . chicago officer charged in death of black teenager 
rt breaking news : chicago officials have released a video showing the fatal shooting of a black teenager by an officer … 
rt breaking news : with chicago set to release video of a black youth’s death , a police officer was charged with murder … 
rt chicago protests mostly peaceful after video of shooting released coverup followed by si … 
chicago protests mostly peaceful after video of shooting released coverup followed by silence&intimidation 
rt county prosecutor charges white chicago police officer with 1st degree murder in shooting of black 17-year-old … 
rt protests erupt in chicago after video showing fatal shooting of a black teen by a white police officer is released . https :/ … 
davey , monica , and mitch smith “ chicago officer charged in death of black teenager ” nyt , 24 nov 2015 
rt 16 round capacity . 16 direct hits over ~ 16 seconds . 0 provocation . 
chicago protests most peaceful after video of police shooting is released . 
protesters respond to murder with nonviolence . cops who cant act peacefully shouldnt b cops 
rt chicago , il officer charged with murder for shooting death of 17-year-old laquan mcdonald 
chicago protests mostly peaceful . calm as the parents asked aftervideo release of police shooting solidarity 

research at the end of the world 
amazing science at summit station , 
scientists mine for data on climate change at the end of the world . 
more on climate research in greenland : 
i love reading about the edges of the world : 
rt research at the end of the world where temp can dip to minus 50 deg f & winds can exceed 60 miles per hour . http … 
visited remote summit station greenland's ice sheet w brought the drone : 
nice visual story about research in greenland - a place most of us will never have the chance to visit 
exploring ... 
& i visited remote summit station on greenland's ice sheet : 

( turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military official : ... ( 
are you paying attention ? the developments in the east have the potential to change our world . 
turkish f16s shoot down warplane near syrian border : military official 
" turkey downs warplane near syria border , russia denies airspace violation " by reuters via nyt 
downs near border , denies violation 
( turkish f16s shot down warplane after it violated airspace : military offici ... ( shaquille ) 

calls on beijing to stop construction in 
obama calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea - new york times 
calls on beijing to stop construction in south china sea - ny times 
glad to see leaders collaborating 
says must stop south reclamation | 
terror crisis finally some action ! oops ... wrong action obama calls on beijing to stop construction in s china sea 
obama calls on beijing to stop in south china sea | + 
called on to halt its construction on reclaimed islands in the south china sea | 
calls on to stop construction in - 
" sure . happy to oblige ....... sike . " 
meanwhile in - 
" calls on to stop construction in south china sea " 
president obama on wednesday called on china to stop building on contested islands in the south china sea ,... 
nice try , mr. president , but you know perfectly well they're not gonna stop ... 

play a thanksgiving puzzle 
i know more about than i thought ! 6/8 on this puzzle by and joel fagliano : ( via 
this was fun ! :) play a thanksgiving puzzle via 
do i get a special prize for being indian and winning this ? can this prize be stuffing ? via 
this was pretty fun ! just played with doug and nann . happy thanksgiving !! via 
we got 8/8 without cheating ! play a thanksgiving puzzle by will shortz via nytimes 
here's a fun distraction to enjoy with the kids today : play a thanksgiving puzzle 
thanks will shortz ! 
play a puzzle . i got all 8 right !! via 
solve the thanksgiving puzzle ! 
an enjoyable thanksgiving word game . play a thanksgiving puzzle - the new york times 
an enjoyable word game to celebrate thanksgiving . 
this was fun — and features great illustrations by 
eight out of eight ! enjoy this thanksgiving puzzle with your lovies today . via nyt 
rt play a thanksgiving puzzle from and joel fagliano 
eight short word games , from easy to hard , that can be played with your whole family . by will shortz and joel fagl … 
happythanksgiving have fun :) play thanksgiving puzzle - will shortz , joel fagliano 
play a puzzle by will shortz and joel fagliano 
i surprised myself with 7 out of 8 . how many can you get ? via 
play a measure puzzle 
have fun with thanksgiving puzzle 
here’s a fun little collection of thanksgiving themed word puzzles . not too hard … 
what a fun little word game to play on thanksgiving eve . a few were really hard ! 
success : family solved this thanksgiving puzzle by will shortz and joel fagliano try it ! 
fun by will shortz and joel fagliano via 
8 short thanksgiving word games , by nyt crossword editor 

gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 

live coverage | a rallying cry in paris : ' everyone to the bar!' - new york times 
rt " tous au bistrot ! " “ everyone to the bar ! ” via 
yes , yes , yes . " a rallying cry in paris : ' everyone to the bar!' " 
love this : a rallying cry in paris : everyone to the bar ! via 

( south korea says it’s working to halt refugees ’ return to north ( 
how disgraceful that the s . korean government needs to be told by foreigners to defend the lives of fellow koreans . 
skorea is pressuring china to allow 9 north korean refugees to travel to the country of their choice 
am i right in thinking this a rare activist move from govt on refugees ? 
south korea said today it was trying to secure the freedom of nine north koreans , including an 11-month-old baby . 
south korea says it's working to halt refugees ' return to north 
south korea said today it was trying to secure the freedom of nine north ko … 
south korea said today it was trying to secure the freedom of nine north koreans … 
says it’s working to halt ’ return to north 

putting the chicken before the egg : 
we love good people free thinkers who care !!! 
new release : cd baby page is ready for gene poo poo man anderson : funky for santa claus ( live ) .… 
pasture-raised eggs soar in popularity 
yes ! us consumers see environmental , health , & animal welfare value in pastured eggs from hens that roam by 
putting the before the 
how freerange chickens teach one cluck at a time . 
'' we’re seeing 100 percent year-over-year growth ' . nice article here on pastured eggs from the nyt : 
past student council president , vanessa alexandre , was featured in nyt ! check it out : 
goodness , is the us only just getting the idea about free range eggs ? 
a n . california farm family finds chickens producing pastured eggs = golden geese 
pastured are one of the fastest-growing category of eggs in the us 
if , like me , you want your eggs from chickens who run around and enjoy the fjords all day , this is for you 
pastured eggs are one of the fastest-growing category of eggs in america today , as per the 
pasture-raised in the ! 

two paris attackers planned another assault , prosecutor says 
two attackers planned another assault , prosecutor says 
two men involved in the paris attacks appear to have been planning a final assault , by | 
europe ( uk ) top story : two paris attackers planned another assault , prosecutor … see more 
two paris attackers planned another assault in la défense , the business district west of paris 
news update : " paris attackers planned another assault " is this information useful ? 
paris attackers planned another assault , prosecutor says - new york times 
two paris attackers planned another assault , prosecutor … 
two paris attackers planned another assault in business district , prosecutor says 

rt morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

new york time caught in a lie !!! -- here's a clue ... " isis " -- seek the truth and you will find it ! 
the nobel peace laureate calls for more war , because we just don't have enough killing in this world : 
. on . ' s meeting with pres . obama urges europe to escalate fight against 
a partnership between the united states and france ... 
brookingsfp : . phlecorre on . barackobama ' s meeting with pres . obama urges europe to escalate fight agai … 
obama urges europe to escalate isis fight us troops are exhausted after 12 years of fighting . thanks gw bush . 
condemning terror 
meeting with urges to escalate fight 
new york times meeting with françois hollande , obama urges europe to escalate isis fight new york times washington … 
meeting with françois hollande , obama urges europe to escalate isis fight - new york times : new york times meeting … 
world news >> " meeting with françois hollande , obama urges europe to escalate isis fight - new york times " 
w/ hollande , obama urges eur to escalate fight on isis against which us also wages econ . war 
françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the president offered his visiting french counterpart wor ... 
françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the french president arrived in washing ... 
books of the times : review : christopher hitchens expounds in â€˜and yet ... â€™ 
what's going on ny ? françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight - new … get found -> 
youtube kids app faces new complaints 
nyt global : françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the french president arrived in washington ju ... 
françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the french president arrived in ... read now ! 

the extrajudicial state of affairs in france 
attacks spur emergency edict and intense policing in 
in france , some see the police security net as too harsh 
rt civil liberties in france : " the police are now free to pick up and interrogate suspects virtually at will . " … 
from toulouse to paris the police have been ... aggressively questioning residents 
rt breaking down doors , searches without warrants and aggressive questioning are all now perfectly legal in france . https://… 
rt france : extrajudicial searches have shot up since - carried out in haste , under public pressure … 
rt all over france , police are breaking down doors , conducting searches , questioning residents , with few critics . … 
france now runs the risk of tipping steeply in favor of security at the expense of individual freedoms rt 
when faced with increased activity , how many rights are we willing to give up ? 
" when faced with terrorist activity , how many rights are we willing to give up ? " 
1,072 police searches and 139 police interrogations , and 117 people have been placed in custody 
rt france interior ministry says police have raided 1,200 premises since 13/11 . [ afp ]; [ nyt ] … 
french push broad sweep for suspects after attacks ; concerns over liberties 
simple attendance at a mosque under can land someone in the ' s-files ' 
glad to see the securitization concerns popping up . europe can't be in permanent lockdown out of fear . 
rt push sweep for after attacks ; concerns over liberties ... 
france after the attacks - 
take ' em down , get ' em out , keep ' em out . save the world from invading cockroaches . 
pays the bill for the fear following the 
muslim terrorists are frightening us to death ; states of emergency never end . france shows us our future , the ... 

pope delivers mass in kenya : the pope spoke to a large , rain-soaked crowd in nairobi . 
pope delivers mass in kenya reports 
" pope delivers mass in kenya " by unknown author via nyt 
" pope delivers mass in kenya " by unknown author nyt november 26 , 2015 at 06:00 am 
" pope delivers mass in kenya " von unknown author in der nyt the new york times 

photos : an early-morning raid north of paris 

with ben carson , the doctor and the politician can v 
" ... imprecise or ill informed " ? skill in practicing medicine isn't synonymous w/ government leadership skills . duh . 
rt ben carson the politician vs . ben carson the neurosurgeon 
with the doctor and the politician can vary sharply 
ben carson colleague to nyt : “ the person and the doctor are very separate from the politician . ” 
rt portrait in ben carson's home depicting him with jesus really rounds out the nyt profile … 
rt when ben carson speaks , are you hearing from a gifted neurosurgeon , or a conservative politician ? … 
when ben carson speaks , are you hearing from a gifted neurosurgeon , or a conservative politician ? via 
with the and the can vary sharply 
the two sides of ben carson 
interesting , well-researched & reported article on the enigma that is 
rt in profile of carson , brilliant surgeon , and mine the inexplicable complexity of being human … 
rt with the doctor and the politician can vary sharply 
omg . ben carson believes in god , doesn't believe in evolution , and is soft on vaccines . the horror ! 
ben carson and i have something in common beside the fact neither of us should be president . i don't swear either - 
a little bit about ben carson prior to his presidential campaign : 
dr. ben , doctor and the politician can vary sharply dr. ben , presidential candidates don't get treated like gods 
ben carson has a portrait of him and jesus on his wall at home - 
rt with ben carson , doctor & politician can vary sharply with a cameo from a former r … 
rt . the doctor v . the candidate . ( via and … 
important read with regard to one of the political dwarf's - sleep or dopey - not sure . 
rt wait you're not telling us ? what did a duck say ?! 
ny times politics newtop story : with ben carson , the doctor and the politician … see more 
“ when he walked around hopkins , he was like god . ” long before politics , ben carson was med students ' idol : 
nytimes : hospital colleagues see 2 carsons 
ben carson appears lucid in nyt interview on science vs . ideology . 
inside story of career is not so glittering as it's made out to be — as this article reveals this 
rt a possible ' rosebud ' here about where obsession w pc began : his removal as hopkins grad speaker … 
at home , ben carson has " a painting of dr. carson in a lab coat next to jesus , who has his arm on carson’s shoulder " : 
with ben carson , doctor & politician can vary sharply with a cameo from a former resident 

paris aftermath , pfizer deal , new england patriots via 
your tuesday briefing 
the episode set off an urgent response by nato which called an 
just in time for black friday shoppers research is out today on new 
your tuesday briefing , via 
rt paris aftermath , pfizer deal , new england patriots - . 
" aftermath , via 
check out this roundup : lots to choose from 
your paris aftermath , pfizer deal , new england patriots 

fake instagram , a chance to be real 
rt & link betw users follow & fearfulness loneliness https : … 
do you have a or just for seeking ( gif 
teens are making 2nd instagram accounts to show their real life vs . their main accts which show their idealized life 
finstagram ! 
still not-well-understood phenomenon 
" ... the pressure among instagram’s regular users to present idealized images of themselves has only increased " 
rt from the " more than half of the 92% of teens ages 13 to 17 who go online daily use instagram " https : … 
“ life becomes a never-ending junior varsity “ vanity fair ” shoot , ” 
>> finstagram ~ fake a chance to be real 
have you heard of “ finstagram ” accounts ? 
the secret ' friend zone ' and 
news flash : users discover social interaction on instagram is all bullshit . * yawn * --> 
teenagers trend to fake instagram accounts , ' splintering as self-preservation . ' 
are " finstagrams " a real thing ?? am i really that old that ny times had to tell me what this is ?? 
' for many young people , social media has become a burden , a part of life that must be managed . ' 
using fake instagram to be real . on popularity of nyt graphic more : 
full story : 
can't deal . 
a chance to show the real you on ' finstagram ' , or fake instagram . 
( fake instagram for your real friends ) on the rise in us - a chance to show your real self ?! 
teens , 20s , carefully constructed ' image ' reigns , insincerity trumps reality 
teens are using their fake instagrams to express their " real " selves . we live in a strange world my friends 
fake instagram is freeing for those living photo-shopped lives . 
for many people , social media has become a burden , a part of life that must be managed ... brands need to pay attentio … 

sepp blatter and michel platini lose fifa appeals and remain suspended 
sepp and michel lose appeals and remain suspended via 
" blatter and platini lose fifa appeals and remain suspended " 
fifa rejects sepp blatter's appeal . maybe he didn't offer enough . you'd think he'd know the going scale for bribes . 
soccer , international federation of association football ( fifa ) , blatter , sepp , platini , michel via nyt 

" looking for a break from the campaign ? stay away from the tv . " 
looking for a break from the campaign ? stay away from the tv what is this ? straight crazy ! 
looking for a break from the campaign ? stay away from the tv via 
thanksgiving for ia , nh , nv and sc : turkey , stuffing , mashed potatoes , and a heaping helping of political ads . 
live in an early voting state ? you're about to get pounded by $5 million worth of political ads . 
looking for a break from the campaign ? stay away from the tv : for residents of the four ea ... 
dear iowa , new hampshire , nevada and south carolina : happy thanksgiving ! now enjoy an endless loop of political ads . 
rt looking for a break from the campaign ? stay away from the tv 
nytpolitics : rt nytnickc : prepare for politically charged airwaves this thanksgiving . nearly $5m spent by campaign … 
prepare for politically charged airwaves this thanksgiving . nearly $5m spent by campaigns and pacs , w/ 
rt thankful stations : reports off cmag data that team jeb is spending $1.9 m on tv this week … 
thankful stations : reports off cmag data that team jeb is spending $1.9 m on tv this week via 
looking for a break from the stay away from the via 
first draft : looking for a break from the … 

raw talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of a 
topping studies with a dollop of athletics at the culinary institute of america 
interesting look at college athletics at the culinary institute of america : 
like cooking & sports ? offers intercollegiate sports & it's ok to miss a game for work . 
enjoyed the sports feature . we're loving your taste in locker room art 
at " team practices do not start until 9 p.m. , after the second shift of cooking classes ends " 
. athletics featured in nov . 18 edition of the 
culinary institute of america was the quintessential nonsports school . it had ... a club called the fromage friends . 
but could cia beat alabama ? 
so you thought the sports teams at the culinary institute of america were a bunch of cream puffs ? 
on that note , here's a cool story by on sports teams at the culinary institute of america : 
who knew the cia had hoops ?? “ we want to set ourselves apart from other culinary school options ; we do have that ... 
topping studies with a dollop of at the of america 
the culinary institute of america is building a college sports program , but classes come first . “ home of the steels ” 
great piece on our neighbors up the road by : raw talent and college sports mix at cia 
the fightin ' foodies ! 
the culinary institute of america has sports teams ?? 
rt . on america's most unlikey college athletics program : the one at the culinary institute of america https … 
yes , culinary institute of america has an athletic department : 
ny times : raw talent and college sports mix at 
interesting read raw talent & college sports mix at culinary institute of america 
concession stand must be good talent and college sports mix at culinary institute of america 
at culinary institute , sports are a entity ware 
raw talent and college mix at culinary institute of america- nyt 
" a steel , as any chef knows but most college basketball fans do not , is a tool for sharpening knives . " 
our awesome athletes and our growing athletic program were featured in the new york times !... 

new york today : welcome to the jungle 
thanks for the warm welcome to our red panda cubs , bo and mei mei , 
new york today : welcome to the jungle : good morning on this frigid tuesday . some new york city residents may a ... 
baby red pandas in brooklyn . this is not a drill . 
even if you don't like red pandas , has something for you : piglets ! bears ! patagonian cavies ! otters ! 
nytmetro : rt tatertatiana : even if you don't like red pandas , has something for you : piglets ! bears ! pata … 

rt what china has been building in the south china sea 
rt why build aircraft carriers when you can build islands ? 
rt what has been building in the south china sea 

what travelers can expect after the terrorist attack in paris . 
what travelers can expect in 
what can expect in 
great advice for your clients ! 
let's go to paris ! soon ! 
our thoughts are with paris and its people . here's some good info if you're planning a trip to paris . 
rt the best thing can do to help is to keep visiting paris and not be scared away . … 
rt " the single best thing travelers can do to help is to stay in paris and to keep coming to the country . " … 
how can tourists help ? : " stay in and to keep coming to the country " via 
in the aftermath of the attacks in the new york times has compiled useful information about what to ... 

rt photos of mexico’s mennonite heartland 
photos of mexico’s mennonite heartland via 

an 11th-hour detour puts a family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 

rt facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage horses in central park 
rt mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage horses in central park just get rid … 
mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage horses in central park just get rid of those vile drivers . 
mayor de blasio to reduce , not ban , carriage horses in central park • this mayor has turned out to be a horse's a -- . 
money talks 
rt dillivanilli82 : rt iconicnycorg : he should be focused on terror or the homeless . inste … 
he should be focused on terror or the homeless . instead is back to horses . 
nyc mayor now seeks to reduce , not ban , horse-drawn carriages in central park via 
mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , central park carriage horses 
de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage in 
not good enough :( mayor bill de blasio is pursuing a new twist on his longtime effort to end the central park ... 
the mayor says no need . 
rt seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage horses in central park those who supported you b4 w … 
what do you think about this ? 
rt bryanjfischer : what they won't tell you : diblasio wants the land occupied by the stable … 
what they won't tell you : diblasio wants the land occupied by the stables for his developer buddies . 
de blasio says neigh to giving up on horse carriage plan 
seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage horses in central park those who supported you b4 will not again ! 
“ ugh ” should be the quote of the day via 
just in time for xmas becomes a scrooge seeks to reduce carriage horses in central park 
rt donnanappo : rt grynbaum : horses an odd cause for bdb , who is pushing council even as h … 
rt donnanappo : rt andyjayhawk : christine quinn opens nyt , sees this article and says " for … 
rt donnanappo : rt savinghorses80 : mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , cen … 
rt donnanappo : rt iconicnycorg : he should be focused on terror or the homeless . instead b … 
rt rt trentoantonio " mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not elimi … … 
rt horses an odd cause for bdb , who is pushing council even as he tries to move past iowa fiasco & focus on nuts/bolts https://… 
rt christine quinn opens nyt , sees this article and says " for this i'm not the mayor ? " 
rt looks like it's possible at least some nyc carriage horses will be living in central park ! https … 
rt mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , central park carriage 
rt gothamexpat : rt iconicnycorg : just in time for xmas billdeblasio becomes a scrooge see … 
rt iconicnycorg : he should be focused on terror or the homeless . instead billdeblasio is … 
rt misterpr : finally , some good horse-sense : mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , ca … 
mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage horses cc : 
rt dsshep1959 : rt horseslivesmatt : mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage hor … 
rt dsshep1959 : rt savinghorses80 : mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , cen … 
rt ewagrniak : rt savinghorses80 : mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , cent … 
rt irishfox1949 : rt horseslivesmatt : mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage h … 
rt horseslivesmatt : mayor de blasio seeks to reduce , not ban , carriage horses in central … 
utterly unserious . “ de blasio , despite tough political moment , lobbied council members on horse-carriage ” 
rt politics :( mayor de blasio will seek to reduce , not eliminate , central park carriage … 

what's happening to obamacare premiums 

totally missed this story ! he was such a poor candidate , it was amazing he stayed in as long as he did ! 
race 
rt . quits presidential race via na na hey hey kiss him goodbye ! … 
finally is out of the race !! he says “ this is not my time ” .. obviously ! 
unemployed village idiot bobby jindal quits republican race 
: well , looks like in the long-run kong trump has shaken another one off the log , see ya , wouldn't wanna be ya !... 
might be an unpopular view but if we're talking lesser of evils in the gop race , jindal was one . 
not his time , i agree . 
if it's ever bobby jindal's time it will be my time to leave the country 
bobby jindal quits repub presidential race wrecking ball bobby throws in the towel ... and leaves the demolition site 
jindal asked his supporters to move to mike huckabee . that should move mike to double digits ... 17 total supporters ... 
piyush , what took you so long ? quits republican presidential race 
famous last words : " we spent a lot of time developing detailed policy papers . " ( louisiana governor bobby jindal ) 
rt race 
“ i’ve come to the realization this is not my time , ” - drops out via 
now what am i supposed to do with all of these red and green " jindal all the way ! " sweaters ? 
rt days before the vitter-edwards vote , jindal drops out 

tied to lower risk of dying prematurely 
need to work a long night pushing your idea forward ? grab another cup of coffee to help you stay up and live longer ! 
live longer and enjoy the wonderful taste of coffee while doing it . now thats something to be thankful for :) 
rt observational study of 200k correlates coffee ( incl decaf ) consumption w ↓ mortality … 
more good news about 
a large study found that drinking coffee is associated with a reduced risk of dying from 6 causes 
rt full caf or decaf shown to reduce risk of death from several of most common causes : 
coffee & chocolates , better sex , longer life 
rt fiends , carry on 
coffee . what’s not to love ? 
more reasons to drink coffee !! :) via let s celebrate- :) 
rt some good news to consider as you sip that cup of coffee . it may lower your risk of death . 
good news for coffee lovers 
drink coffee , live longer 
like i need an excuse ! 
another positive story about coffee - my kind of article :-) 
rt more good news about 
new study confirms coffee is good for you . drink ( and eat ) up ! 
whoops ! please see this link for the article ( clearly we need to add some caffeine to our afternoon coffee drip ! ) 
rt coffee story reminds me that more black hair -> less heart attack . let's all dye hair black … 
drink enough coffee , live longer ? 

rt rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 
rt gabisalesv : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had bat … 
rt aigriffin : rt nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had batt … 
“ rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease ” sad day . such a great player 
nytimes : rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 

manhattan psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client 
scamming vulnerable people can be a huge business . psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client . 
psychic admits taking over $ 550,000 from lovelorn client is the business ethical ? 
it's amazing how stupid people are . psychics are con artists . 
manhattan psychic admits taking over $550000 from lovelorn client - new york times 

mt . >>> 
rt isis has captured the world's attention , but one report says boko haram has been more deadly 
ranked ahead of isis for deadliest terror group 
surpasses as the world's deadliest group . 
good 4 them that they r targeting ' who cares ' & not west ! ranked ahead of for deadliest terror group 
rt boko haram ranked ahead of isis for deadliest terror group : 
boko haram was responsible for 6664 deaths last year , more than any other terrorist group in the world , including is 
ny times newtop story : boko haram ranked ahead of isis for deadliest terror gro … see more 
rt our bias against africa . boko haram kills more people last year than isis ; what are we doing about it ? … 
rt boko haram , not isis , is the world's deadliest terrorist group 

rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 

belgium lowers terror attack alert level for brussels 
top story : retweets belgium lowers terror attack alert leve … see more 
lowers terror attack alert level for brussels : the re-assessment came five days … 
belgium lowers terror alert for 
belgium lowered its terror attack alert level for brussels 
the re-assessment came five days after officials waned that the risk of a paris-style terrorist attack on brussels was “ serious and imminent . ” 

russian-turkish tensions heat up over downed warplane 
[ ♥.♥ ] russian-turkish tensions heat up over downed warplane 
( ) russian-turkish tensions heat up over downed warplane via 
tensions are heating up over turkey’s downing of a russian warplane 
russia was looking at ways to curb commercial ties and investment projects , possibly including the deal to build a gas pipeline through turkey . 

what we & reading 
what we’re reading 

with tv viewing changing , networks take longer to drop shows 
networks are taking longer drop shows , and that's awesome : via 
networks now take longer to drop shows due to ratings , cancellation costs , binge-viewing 
delayed viewing means tv shows are now being axed later . 
networks today are hesitant to drop shows with much of television viewing changed . 
the abc drama “ wicked city ” was the first show of the new television season , now nine weeks deep , to get the ax . ind … 
cbs web technologies 
rt notes on why there's only been one cancelation in network tv this season 
with tv changing , networks take longer to drop shows . maybe they're waiting for c+30 ? 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

rt the united nations ’ agency says refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins - the new york times - 
a rare night out ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins — via 
dear friend of dear friends of mine . full of ' joie de vivre ! " , love , life & sunshine . no words suffice .. rip pierro 

cult of the toto toilet 
" your life is really good when you have a heated toilet seat . ” 
posh but is there a for this loo . " the cult of the toto via 
what a surprise ... as difficult to get americans to upgrade their toilet as it is to upgrade to management . 
not your average commode . cult of the toto washlet . cost ? $ 2,400 to $ 9,800 each 
until you sit on a you ain't taken a real crap . 
regarding the $ 9,800 toilet 
rt apparently is a thing ? all you need to do is install a to upgrade to luxury … 
rt says a lot about the cult of the japanese toto toilet that this piece is in the fashion & style section of the times https://… 
the cult of the washlet . 
why are americans still using toilet paper ? toilet is long overdue 
the cult of toto 
sharing the auto links popping and linksexploaded under the rainbow !! 

miami's art world sets sights on little haiti neightborhood ( via 
miami’s art world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood 
art world sets sights on buying their buildings not renting 
" the neighborhood retains a strong hold among the island’s diaspora in south florida . " my growing up ! 
hmmmm ... you read this ? > ’ s sets sights on 
i show where the cool kids show . apparently . come check it out dec . 3rd-6th ! 
“ when openings started filling with 17-year-olds looking to get drunk , i knew collectors weren't going to come ” 
world sets sights on neighborhood 
miami's art world sets sights on little haiti neightborhood ( via nytimes ): 
the discusses miami's very own as an up-and-coming art neighborhood : 
new york times : miami's art world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood - 
visiting miami next week ! 
if this appalling level of journalistic integrity is what miami's artists and community is prepared to accept , so ... 
miami’s world sets sights on little haiti neighborhood 
little haiti district may be miami's newest art community as the art world dials in for 
" many world denizens ... 
nice article on miami's little haiti--we're so excited to be visiting there next week ! 

rt don lemon doesn't get offended 

how to talk to your relatives about politics at 
how to talk to your relatives about at 
how to ( accurately ! ) talk about politics : 
how to talk to your relatives about politics at via 
" how to talk to your relatives about politics on thanksgiving ! " 
but why would you want to ? 
der furher spoon feeds you his annual holiday propagandist pablum via the ny slimes : 
rt use political science to navigate awkward political conversation at the thanksgiving dinner table : … 
donald trump is very popular among the least educated republicans 
yo why would you ever lump bernie in with human garbage like this 
trump performs especially well among republicans without a college degree . how to talk politics at thanksgiving 
nice shout out to kahan & co around the holiday table : 
my thanksgiving column also includes my current take on primary races : i'm still short trump but not as much as past 
bc your crazy aunt dont know wat she talking about , the nyt on " how to talk/respond to your relatives about politics " 
important info on the eve of thanksgiving : how to talk to your relatives about politics via 
my advice for that annual american holiday tradition : awkward political conversation at thanksgiving dinner 
rt note : i'm not * advocating * talking politics with your relatives at thanksgiving - just offering help if it comes up ! http … 
things to talk about tomorrow over dinner here's your guide : throw in some $ & religion too 
" there is no shortage of topics in the news that could turn the dinner conversation ugly " . 
don't 
just some light dinner conversation via 

the two brothers lived in a subsidized apartment visible from the mayor's office 
it might produce stronger security to bomb than 
" the world’s most prosperous failed state " 
' s perennial dysfunctions and the 
terrorism response puts belgium in a harsh light 
the wise peter tulkens of politburo belgium once told me " if you think you understand belgian politics , you don't " : 
response puts in a harsh light 
rt the paris attacks , planned by men in belgium , shine a spotlight on the " world’s most prosperous failed state . " https : … 
for fractious deep divisions along language is always near . 
its capital frozen , belgium surveys past failures and squabbles 
fingerpointing from the champion of dyfunctional states to the small , black sheep of the class . 
unfortunately a perfect of the poor of 
when internal divisionism creates terror to neighbours . case of belgium . 
belgium : ' the world’s most prosperous failed state . ' 
a month before paris , belgian mayor got list of suspected terrorists , incl . 2 paris attackers + suspected mastermind 
how the world turns , usa is the one and only responsible for is and the chaos in the middle east 
# " jambon , a flemish nationalist who has doubts about whether belgium — divided ... 
“ because it * forced * them to share information ” . and herein lies the issue . 
must read ! 
rt getting annoyed of reading that belgium is a failed state . if so , why is it so good at taking half my salary in tax ? htt … 
key lesson from is that successful ct requires intel sharing & breaking down agency silos 
" tribal squabbles " from the world's most prosperous " failed state " . terms typically used for africa & middle east . 
rt belgian leaders are pointing fingers over who's to blame for letting jihadism go unchecked https://… 
rt reveals " diffuse incoordination " in " overorganised " belgium . good piece https :/ … 
rt belgian leaders are pointing fingers over who's to blame for letting jihadism go unchecked . https … 
rt " it is not my job to track possible terrorists , ” the mayor of molenbeek said . … 
rt they call it excellent piece on belgium's policing and intelligence failures that led to paris attacks … 
rt must read ! 
4wks before the mayor had a list with names and addresses of 80 suspected islamic militants 
rt ethnic sectarianism , dysfunctional bureaucracy , and poor responses to terrorist threats v … 

"‘ rocky ’ and ‘ creed ’ : a critical comparison " 
‘ and ‘ a critical comparison 
tomorrow !!!! / ' rocky ’ and ‘ creed ’ : a critical comparison - the new york times 
nyt assesses sylvester stallone : " the large hole in the center of " rocky ; " a pleasure to watch " in creed : 
can't wait for this tomorrow ! there's no bigger rocky fan than me . no , not that creed .... 
this is pretty neat . 

a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
on the ny mta's ‘ sick passenger ’ delays . the equivalent of the ' passenger assistance alarm ' aka my nemesis . 
sick passengers have accounted for about 3,000 train delays each month this year in new york city 
rt " subway golden rule . if you got sick , would you want someone to step over you and say , ‘ i’m late to g … 
" subway golden rule . if you got sick , would you want someone to step over you and say , ‘ i’m late to get to macy’s’ ? ” 
this is happening daily lately . >> hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
a good reminder not to be so impatient when you hear the dreaded " sick passenger " announcement : ( via 
rt our nyc subway ads got a little face time in this piece about the increasing sick delays :: … 
what do " sick passenger " & " police investigation " mean when your subway train is delayed ? you'll be surprised 
" sick passengers " are causing more delays than ever on but do we know what exactly is going on ? 
a hated phrase that new york subway riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
rt any of us can become annoyed by delays just as any of us can become ill on the train- empathy wins : … 
any of us can become annoyed by delays just as any of us can become ill on the train- empathy wins : ht 
this : … is nowhere near as troubling as the turd i saw on the subway this morning . 
oh it's nothing , i just know someone who has her picture in the 
there should be a " call for help " button in every car ! hated phrase that subway riders hear more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
a hated phrase that riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
in a subway system with 469 stations and as many as six million riders a day , some riders are bound to get sick . 
a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ' sick passenger ' 
the ' sick passenger ' is the urban bigfoot 
rt can't always blame people for being sick . mta should better inform passengers what to do when they're feeling ill … 
rt i was once sick on a train . but the conductor just put me off in mineola and pointed to a hospital . … 
rt " a voice over the intercom delivers the bad news ... your train is delayed because of a sick passenger . " … 

how to make a pie crust 
make some pie dough this weekend 
i ain't pass the ( data analysis ) bar , but i know a little bit . y'all need help with that pie crust ? 
i now have a strong urge to make pie . 
so you want to make pie crusts today . we're here for you . 
let's celebrate hump day with some fall treats . how do you make a pie crust ? 

sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 
nytimes : sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 

one slogan , many methods : black lives matter enters politics 
one banner and multiple political tactics . 
. recounts movement & its influence on political discourse 
one slogan , many methods : enters politics 
pursues new pathways of engaging people for change 
rt john eligon's story good to share w/those who mistakenly generalize about a complex movement . https :/ … 
one slogan , many methods : black matter enters 
good piece 
people staying in the struggle ... all day e'ry day ! 
rt one slogan , many methods : enters politics 
is healthier with , " one slogan , many methods : enters 
one slogan , many methods : lives matter enters politics 
beyond amazed and excited by the power of 
good analysis on which is putting pressure on both political parties 
i'm curious to see how black lives matter and other black liberation activists react to this report from 
how about black power brutality via black panthers ? note panther hand sign . 
does this mean whites or asian can do this also ? 
black lives matter enters politics -- will be fascinating to see how activists shape 2016 election 

yummy ... 
pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel 
pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel - looks delicious ! 
"" by unknown author via nyt 

with tv proposal , ahmad rashad married sport and pop culture 
ny times newtop story : with tv proposal , ahmad rashad married sport and pop cul … see more 
when ahmad rashad popped the question on live tv 
rt if we only knew then what we know now ... with tv proposal , ahmad rashad married sport & pop culture | … 
if we only knew then what we know now ... with tv proposal , ahmad rashad married sport & pop culture | via 
was this really 30 years ago ? good article harkening to a world before social media . the highlight is the wedding ... 
there's so much in this article about ahmad rashād i never knew . specifically , everything in this article . 
a tv proposal for thanksgiving 
when ahmad and phylicia rashad got engaged at halftime on thanksgiving by 
in retrospect , what a wedding party . 
new plays to consider for the playbook ? cc : 
so who plays the lead in the ahmad rashad biopic ? 
“ either i will be the happiest person in the world or the biggest turkey on national television . ” 
30 years ago proposed at halftime of the thanksgiving game . 
" a handsome rashad stands flanked by the man giving away the bride , cosby , and his best man , simpson . 
the times looks back at ahmad rashad's marriage proposal to phylicia ayers-allen on live tv 30 thanksgivings ago 
ahmad rashad's proposal to phylicia cosby gave her away ; oj was best man 
with tv proposal , ahmad rashad married sport and pop … 
bill cosby gave away the bride . and his best man was o.j. simpson . 
few wedding proposals captured the zeitgeist like the one between rashad , the broadcaster , and the “ cosby show ” mom phylicia ayers-allen on a thanksgiving day game broadcast in 1985 . 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . 

rt paul ryan calls for the suspension of a program to accept syrian refugees into the u.s. … 

reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect - new york times -- = 
rt reports of gunfire in suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect — via 

don lemon doesn’t get offended 
if don lemon weren't a journalist , he'd " be a writer like james baldwin . " or maybe an activist -- but more x than mlk . 
lol , ok , don lemon . 
don lemon says if he weren't busy being don lemon he'd " probably be a writer like james baldwin . " that or malcolm x . 
rt don lemon said this . i'm just going to leave this here . 
. doesn’t get offended because insolence and dumbassery . 
“ i am not setting out to be a provocateur . i am setting out to inform people and to get ( them ) to think . ” ... 
“ i am not setting out to be a provocateur ( but ) to inform people ” doesn’t get offended| via 
interviewer " how does someone get to be as self-accepting as you ? " , don lemon " what's the alternative ? " 
" if you don’t make room for the possibility that you can be intolerant then there is a good chance that you are . " 
" i am setting out to inform people " : don lemon tries to explain away his awful and offensive reporting : 
don lemon : " i would like to have a judgment-free-zone place where we can go -- all of us -- and we can all talk . " 
rt “ don lemon said this . im just going to leave this here ” ht … 

govt support 4poorest fell over a 1/3 in 21yrs post 1983 . awaited aei-brookings rept shd pave way 4 breakthru . 
electing to ignore the poorest of the poor ... 
rt " 16 million americans live on $8.60 a day " 
why do we choose to ignore the poorest of the poor ? the human cost of this choice is too high for our society . 
poorest of the poor excluded from safety net : 
by focusing on the middle class , both parties ignore " the deeply , persistently poor . " 
rt " witnessing the presidential debates , i am not optimistic that deep poverty is going to become anybody’s priority . " https :/ … 
focused on the middle class , both parties ignore the poor 
exclusively focusing on the middle class means ignoring the poor 
" by believing the poor are not exerting enough effort , we allow ourselves not to care . " 
thinking about deep , intractable poverty via 
rt out of sight , out of mind . “ we know startlingly little about life at the bottom of society , ” notes matthew desmond … 
rt believing the poor aren't exerting enough effort lets us ignore that almost 16m live in extreme poverty < $8.60 /day . http … 
rt 16 million americans live on $8.60 or less a day . 
ignoring the persistently poor 
rt in the us there's the deserving poor and the undeserving poor . we get to ignore those . my column 
no other advanced nation tolerates this depth of deprivation . must read us ignores poorest of poor 
rt the beginnings of a bipartisan approach to deep poverty , by eduardo porter 
in the campaign both parties ignore the americans who need their attention most : the deeply , persistently poor . 
rt good read by touching on a lot of issues book raises about living in extreme poverty https://… 
rt almost 16 million americans live on some $8.60 a day or less . the latest column from … 
rt no other advanced nation tolerates this kind of deprivation of its citizens : read : via the new york … 
politics and policy changes in government assistance programs are leaving behind the people that need them most . 
reminds us of the work that orgs like client do to help the poor , esp at thanksgiving 

french president françois hollande said he'll travel to washington next week to meet with president obama 
hollande plans to discuss ‘ large coalition ’ with obama and putin - the new york times ping 

in california , stingy water users are fined in drought , while the rich soak 
" in california , stingy water users are fined in while rich soak " via 
rt rich jerks who waste water are rich jerks . " in california , stingy water users are fin … 
rich jerks who waste water are rich jerks . " in california , stingy water users are fined in drought " 
apple valley , california 
in california , stingy users are fined in drought , while the rich soak 
in stingy users are fined in drought , while the rich soak via 
rich in cali have no respect for the drought . 
this is what class war looks like . 
yes , there is a link between economic inequality and climate change . just read this : 
also means on issues of 
in california , those who conserve water may also be getting fined 
in stingy water users are fined in while the rich soak 
fine the poor , give the rich 5 pools ? during a drought ? we're smarter than this . i swear . 
rt california is kind to the rich and cruel to the non-rich in how it deals with the water shortage . … 
rt what drought ? l.a. home has 12 bathrooms and water slide from inside house to outdoor pool . https : … 
in california , stingy water users are fined in while the rich soak 
nyt's lede example of a californian unfairly fined for water uses ... 712 gallons/day ? 
tonight , don't worry , california's 1% are doing just fine : and here : 
ocean sciences article of the day - california drought : stingy water users fined ; rich soak ( new york times ) 
what is wrong with this picture ??? 
“ someone has to say , ‘ you can’t have five pools — you can have one pool , ’” she said . " 
in california , stingy users are fined in while the rich soak 
who's being fined for water use in dry california ? stingy users , not the rich water hogs . 
the contrast between strict enforcement on some struggling to conserve water and unchecked profligacy in places like bel air has unleashed anger and indignation . 

f.s.u. reported few rape cases to the u.s. 
reported 14 of 113 rape cases , and 1 of 40 cases from team held responsible 
rt this is something , from the former director of fsu's victim advocate office … 
reported few rape cases to the u.s. | … 
the university reported only 9 of 113 cases of student-reported rape to the federal government because many of ... 
rapist winston update : cases to the u.s. 
rt " total of 113 students reported being sexually battered ... college reported only 9 cases to the federal government " https : … 
fsu underreported rape cases to us ( 9 of 113 ) 
rt fsu on sexual assault : even worse than you think . 
rt nyt : former fsu victim advocate office director testified 113 students reported being sexually battered in 2014 . … 
in court papers that florida state university fought to keep confidential , the former director of the school’s ... 
disappearing evidence ... huh ? wtf is talking about ? 1st time hearing this one . or 

with google’s offline maps , getting around gets cheaper 
offline maps news . but starting on wi-fi , my tablet keeps a satellite signal for turn-by-turn directions anyway . 
top story : find your way without losing your wallet see more 
yaaas google 🙌🙌 🌍 
with offline maps , getting around gets cheaper 
with google’s offline getting around gets cheaper . 
google’s new offline maps : good news for drivers , probably bad news for garmin . w/what u need to know : 
with google’s offline maps , getting around … 
with google's offline maps , getting around gets cheaper - 
google announces offline maps ( and my dev team does backflips in celebration ) 
now with google's offline maps at your disposal , getting around is much cheaper ! 
nice article " offline maps , getting around gets cheaper " but you forgot 
find your way not spending a dime with - “ offline maps that can be downloaded onto your smartphone ” 
now you don't have to worry about maps eating your data . 

france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees 
france still planning to accept 30,000 fefugees , hollande says 
still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says fantastic attitude ! via nytimesworld 
yes ! france still plans to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
still planning to accept 30,000 hollande says - the new york times oldest 
rt american politicians should draw a lesson from hollande instead of pandering to fear via nytime … 
rt france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
rt “ the people running from iraq and syria are attacked by the very same people who attacked us . ” … 
still plans to take 30k thoroughly to ensure they do not pose a threat 
watch the uppercut . i think this fact alone derails any argument of americans denying access to refugees . 
the french always make the us look bad and we've always made fun of them . here they go again . s/ 
france still planning to accept 30,000 hollande says 
isis , you just lost this battle >>> vive la france ! 
live and learn .. 
. do some research b4 spewing ignorance 
now those are some humanitarian balls . france accepting 30k refugees . can we do more than 10k , ? 
by not giving in to misguided fear , is standing with france . 
vive la refuge : french pres hollande says his country will still accept 30,000 syrian refugees in the next 2 years . 
rt all the american policy makers talking about not accepting syrian refugees - seriously , gfy . 
the moral thing to do . never again . 
still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
ummmmm ( but good news that france will continue to accept refugees ) 
btw even after attacks , france still accepting 30k refugees . here in the us ... only fear . 
they must be super scary people . 
glad to hear innocent refugees won't be penalized for violence committed by the people they are fleeing from 
france will lead by example and take in the 30,000 syrian refugees it said it would before last friday's attack 

attack state dept . via accounts 
attack state dept . via social media accounts 
iranian hackers attack via social media accounts 
rt hackers attack via social media accounts 
rt u.s. officials say they are seeing a surge in cyberespionage attempts by iran 
iranian attack state dept . via social media accounts - 
rt dividend ! | 2 weeks after clinched , resumed against officials … 

rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold . more photos : 
pictures of the day : belgium and more 
rt a soldier patrolled an empty mall in brussels on monday . much of the city was closed … 
rt photos of the day 
photos of the day from 
rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold in the north of the country https … 
rt pictures of the day : 

why thanksgiving is today 
happy thanksgiving to all ... interesting read in ny times . why thanksgiving is today - 
in 1939 , president franklin d . roosevelt moved up thanksgiving . traditionally it had been celebrated on the last thursday of november , but the nation’s largest retailers contended that there weren’t en ... 

rt isn't america in a catch 22 ? it must be a conundrum to argue for or agst battening down the hatches to stop terror . https :/ … 
confusing w terrorists = morally unacceptable + as a strategy , misguided " 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable & , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
after paris attacks , we must stand 
icymi , an editorial in the after paris attacks , vilifying 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable , as a strategy , misguided " 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable and misguided " 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " … 
confusing w terrorists is morally unacceptable & misguided perception " 

high-level talks between both koreas may be getting closer after negotiators met on their countries ' border today . 
north and south korea move toward high-level talks 
high-level talks between both koreas may be getting closer after negotiators met … 
high-level talks between both koreas may be getting closer after negotiator … 
bigreporter : and move 

charlie sheen says he has hiv and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret - new york times 
rt charlie sheen's hiv status : cs says he paid mllions t keep it quiet puzzlng : have we moved on s/ ' … 
rt isn't it time to get serious about wiping out so no one has to be tized ? 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep it secret 
rt we hope . announcement finally quiets tabloids . should not be stigmatized ! 
hopes others with hiv+ status feel less shame . we must do everything we can to reduce the 
rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 
retweeted rituparna chatterjee ( incredibly tragic that an hiv positive celebrity had to keep his ... 
rt incredibly tragic that an hiv positive celebrity had to keep his condition under wrap and had to pay blackmailers … 
*** breaking news *** donald trump announced today , he has picked his running mate : charlie sheen ! winning !!! 󾌲󾌲󾌲 ... 
secrets can never be hidden . one day or the other they get exposed . 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret 
hello , my name is yvonne redmond . why is this such a big story ? people have been diagnosed with hiv for years . has t … 
we can help pay off debt . $1.6 billion in loans were issued through prosper in 2014 . peer-to-peer loans through pro … 
sad but not surprising given his lifestyle 
check out charlie sheen's interview on the today show this morning as he unveils secrets . 
commcore ceo speaks about the charlie sheen interview . 
rt sheen paid millions to keep hiv secret - like we'd be shocked to know drug use , prostitutes had led to bad things http … 
the actor said he had known about the diagnosis for about four years but did not know how he contracted the virus . a … 
rt charlie sheen says he has hiv and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret … 
rt charlie sheen said he paid people “ into the millions ” to stay quiet about his hiv diagnosis ht … 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " seriously ? sorry to say , but you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " really , mr. sheen ? you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
rt charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep his diagnosis secret 
charlie sheen's hiv status : cs says he paid mllions t keep it quiet puzzlng : have we moved on s/ ' 80s ? 
rt he felt like he needed to keep it a secret . we can end stigma together ! 
actor charlie sheen has confirmed that he is hiv positive : 

rt he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped … 

isis shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet 
isis shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet : via 
rt in its magazine , is shows picture of what it claims is the type of schweppes soda can they used as an ied on plane https :/ … 
what's going on ny ? isis shares image of explosive it says brought down … get found -> 
rt isis brags about explosive that brought down russian jet 
“ it was a rash decision of arrogance from russia , ” the article says . “ and so after having discovered a way to ... 
isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian jet 
daesh claims this was the bomb that destroyed russian commercial passenger jet via 
shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet — 
the ied says its militants used to take down the russian metrojet over egypt : 
isis shows off bomb it says downed russian jet 
rt isis photo of what they say is the ied that brought down the russian plane in the sinai : https :/ … 
shares image of it says brought down jet 
unbelievable ! check out the improvised explosive device used to bring down a russian airliner over the sinai ... 
how do y'all kno all of this i don't get it man smh 
shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet - the new york times 
and now you know why banned liquids . 
scary !!!! - 
isis shares image of soda-can explosive it says brought down russian jet — via 
isis shows off bomb it says brought down jet 
whaaa ? that queazy feeling when the internets are being used by : isis sharing image of bomb on its on line magazine ! 
the manhunt for the paris attackers - the new york times - 
top story : retweets isis shares image of explosive that it … see more 
isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian … — via 
looks like clock boy has been at it again ... 
most surprising part of this is that isis has a " glossy online propaganda magazine " called dabiq : 

rt another tribute to matthieu by " a father with the ‘ charisma to be the lead singer " … 
in paris , mourning a father with the " charisma to be the lead singer " 
another tribute to matthieu by " a father with the ‘ charisma to be the lead singer " via 
top story : retweets mourning a father with the ‘ charisma to … see more 
top mourning a father with the ‘ charisma to be the lead singer ’ - the ne … see more 

jonah lomu , 40 , dies ; rugby superstar melded power and speed 
nyt coverage ... jonah lomu ; rugby superstar melded power and speed 
:: jonah lomu , rugby superstar , dies at 40 
we had a lovely evening last night at the shop in together with friends from and ... 
jonah lomu , one of rugby's greatest players , dies at 40 - new york times 
jonah lomu's obituary in the new york times . 
nyt explains rugby ' object is to advance the ball across a goal line , w the most points given when it is run across ' 
ny times : superstar , dies at 40 
" ... a sprinter’s speed that , in such a big man , seemed unfair . " jonah lomu explained , by & for americans . 

xkcd's munroe has a new book " thing explainer " → 
. explains it all for us 
randall munroe's fans include bill gates and neil gaiman . his new book is " thing explainer . " 
next on my must-read list ... 
k.i.s.s. has never been better than with randall munroe and now 
looking for a physics-cartoon-nonfiction expert ? here's on author randall munroe 
randall munroe explains it all ( and simply ! ) in thing explainer , on sale now : 
alumnus randall munroe ' 06 is profiled in today's talking about his new book and how cool science is 
it sounds like everyone should get the " thing explainer . " lovely to have it all explained . 

dehumanizing the athletes ? 
do fantasy sports dehumanize athletes ? 
fantasy sports as collective sociopathy : 
former rb jonathan stewart isn't a fan of your fantasy team : 
core values vs . instrumental ( transactional ) values . means to an end vs . ends unto thems … 
do fantasy sports dehumanize the athlete ? 
not a great article . a poor representation of the over 50 million players . 
i'm mentioned in william rhoden's " sports of the times " column about fantasy sports . 
rt sports of the times : fantasy sports ’ real crime : dehumanizing the athlet ... 

diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in st. -denis 
rt nytimes : diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in st. -denis 
rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in the french national police said . … 
heroes come in all shapes and sizes . thank you for your bravery , diesel . 
this just destroys me , zero respect for any life . send isis to hell . via nytimesworld 
diesel , police dog , killed in raid on terrorists , which may included female suicide bomber 
rt a police dog named diesel died in st. -denis raid 
rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in https … 

video game to be prescribed to adhd children addboy blog & ebooks - 
video game is built to be prescribed to children with a.d.h.d. 
can a video game be prescribed to children with adhd ? we need more research via 
worry no more parents ! a new is built to be prescribed to children with via 
video game : prescription for 
project : evo is a prescription created to improve attention , reduce impulsivity in children with adhd 
video game is built to be prescribed to children with adhd 
video game built to be perscribed to children w/ a.d.h.d. - 
well : video game is built to be prescribed to children with 
anthony ashford keith paul andrew epifanio 
videogame is built to be prescribed to children with adhd 
video game for kids w/ adhd . interestingly , shire was an investor & helped design study $shpg via 
video game developers are working on a game for kids with adhd 
' project : evo ' creators seek approval for physicians to prescribe its to treat via 
new video game is built to be prescribed to kids with adhd . 
rt one game maker plans to seek approval to allow doctors to prescribe its game to treat adhd 
video game built to be prescribed to children with a.d.h.d , will seek fda clearance 
scientists hope brain games will be prescribed for adhd , the way meds are now : via 
video games can help with if used the right way ! 
c8 sciences featured : is built to be prescribed to children with via 

congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 

navigator of downed russian plane says there was no warning 
navigator of downed russian plane says he was given no warning 
" mr. lavrov suggested that the united states might have had a role in the attack " - the new york times - 
of downed plane says there was no warning - new york times - 
navigator of downed plane says there was no warning - the new york times 
oh no ! this is gonna be a ww iii 
navigator of downed says thr was ? 
vist- of downed russian plane says there was no warning - new york times 
think about the different messages various groups are receiving : russians americans etc & how that impacts behavior 
navigator rescued after turkey shot down warplane , russia says - new york times 
speaking of turkey 
russia : no warning from turkey : turkey : yes , warning to russia : 
navigator of downed russian plane there was no warning - new york times 

belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbeek 
top story : retweets police raid house in troubled brussels … see more 
top police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - the new york t … see more 
police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - new york times 
- police raid house in troubled neighborhood — 
points : belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbe … 

the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
the uncommon of parisian street life : 
interesting article in light off last weeks events ... 
the indelible intertwining of paris life+its urban fabric+how this contributes to its resilience : via 
a lovely piece by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life via 
great piece on the resilience of life in cheers from 
the uncommon resilience of paris street life : 
the streetlife of the blocks where the paris attacks took place is resilient : they were as busy 100yrs ago as today 

rt charlie hebdo's latest cover offers a message of defiance 

isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " 
rt isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " … 

" presidential thanksgivings " 
thanksgiving through the years with presidents , their families , and turkeys ( some survived ) . 
lovely pics 
thanksgiving through the years with presidents , carving knives and turkeys ( some survived ) . 

one of my favorite corrections in the history of corrections 
new york times reviews adele's third album -- " 25 . " legend " holds firm " despite absence . 
best correction ever . cc : 
rt best correction ever ? 
review : adele holds firm on ‘ 25 , ’ even as pop shifts . 
rt everyone makes mistakes , everyone has those days . 
rt excellent nyt correction , via 
rt correction of the day 
cheers to new album ! brb locked in my room all weekend listening to 
correction of the daaaaaaay . 
update for -the correction has been amended ! 
adele holds firm on ' 25 ' even as pop shifts 
have you listened to yet ? says is " at her savviest . " read : 
correction : adele sings “ hello from the other siiiiiide … ” ; “ hello from the outsiiiiiide ” appears later … via 
review : adele holds firm , even as pop shifts 
the homie reviewed ' 25 ' album for the he used some big words , but i think he liked 
absence has a way of ossifying an idea and amplifying a legend 
do better ! @ nyt 😉 
rt adele’s “ 25 ” has one transcendent , face-melting song , a bunch of good ones , and one by tobias jesso jr. … 
correcting the record , one belted lyric at a time 
the correction that ran w/ the review of " 25 " hit all the right notes ! 
i love that is not embarrassed to correct mistakes . 

the nation's thanksgiving flights , visualized | via 
flight patterns 
pumpkin pie in miami ? where americans are flying to this thanksgiving : via 
happy 
ever wondered where people travel over 
📷 interesting-maps : where americans fly for thanksgiving . source : twitter / ... 
thanksgiving flight patterns throughout the united states via 
rt pumpkin pie in some surprises about where people travel for … 
pumpkin pie in miami : flight patterns 
it's search offers surprises about americans ' travel routes for the holiday 
data pulled from google flights to take an in-depth look at the flight industry during 
the new york times mapped the difference in flight volume for this weekend against the norm . 
big data analytics used for thanksgiving 
boston houses 70+ colleges , student traveler theory is plausible ; chicago may be downweighted by normalization 
where americans are planning to travel for the holiday via 
rt search shows americans tend to flee the cold when traveling for holiday . … 
rt thanksgiving travel patterns . 
i'll fly to miami for pie .... 
according to these patterns , lots of folks will have their in miami ! via 
where do people go for and where are they coming from ? 

" morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . " 

rt must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . … 

telegram messaging app closes public channels used by isis militants 
rt updated : telegram messaging app closes public channels used by isis militants to add re … 
updated : telegram messaging app closes public channels used by isis militants to add response from 
telegram messaging app closes channels used by isis ( 
durov " well aware that isis used the platform " / messaging app closes channels used by isis 
telegram messaging app closes channels used by isis - new york times 
rt telegram messaging app closes channels used by isis 

" france unsure if raid killed top suspect ... " 
2 die as french police seek paris attacks suspect ; 7 arrested in raid - new york time 
rt breaking news : two people died in a raid near paris , including one who blew herself up , and the police arrested 7 … 
police conduct raid near paris in search for planner of atta 
rt breaking news : french police , seeking the planner of friday’s attacks , arrested 5 people in a raid 
the assault began before dawn at a decrepit squat 
rt " france unsure if raid killed top suspect ... " 
great account of yesterday's events in paris from though it's now confirmed the terror kingpin is dead 
police arrest 5 near paris ; woman detonates explosive vest 
414 raids across the country over the past 3 nights ? we might poke fun at the french , but they don't mess around ... 
neither abdelhamid abaaoud nor salah abdeslam were among those arrested by the french police 
unsure if raid killed top in 
rt “ they did not dare to go to the police ” our most powerful weapon in this fight is a r'ship of trust w/ the community h … 
top story : retweets police conduct raid near paris in searc … see more 
" i am not able to give you the definitive number & identities of the people who were killed . ” abaaoud likely dead 
paris on edge as questions remain about suspect’s fate ... 
so two days ago we didn't know whether ʿabbūd was in europe or syria . now we don't know if we killed him or not . 
rt like typical opportunistic power-grabbing tyrant , hollande wants sweeping new authority 2 restrict citizens ' liberty ht … 
rt woman in explosive vest among 3 killed in police raid ... 
french don't know if they got mastermind yet . 
rt " george bush cr8d largest terrorist factory in the world when he invaded iraq , defeated then disbanded iraqi army .. " https : … 

rt and isis may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 

rt as mayor , bernie sanders was more pragmatic than socialist . 
as mayor , bernie sanders was more pragmatist than socialist 
a great read on why sanders possesses the success we need in our potus . 
pretty good read for anyone terrified of the title ' socialist ' when talking about bernie 
president bernie sanders probably wouldn't be all that radical 
rt sensanders : rt nytpolitics : as mayor , bernie sanders was more pragmatic than socialist . https : … 
the new york times 11/25/15 great article on the way bernie sanders governs , with a big picture vision and common ... 

thanksgiving quiz : who’s eating what , where 
rt thanksgiving quiz : who’s eating what , where via 
what is the ham capital of america on thanksgiving ? and marshmallows ? a quiz : 
quiz : who’s eating what and where . 
in some cities , people eat ham for thanksgiving . can you guess which ? 
" thanksgiving : who’s eating what , where " 
thanksgiving : who’s eating what , where - the new york times 
what thanksgiving foods are most popular in which cities ? 
nyt asked who’s eating what , where for via 
take the quiz .... thanksgiving : who’s eating what , where 
who’s eating what , where 7 out of 7 
an thanksgiving food quiz : see if you can guess who is eating the most marshmallows and the least pie . 
in what city is thanksgiving turkey most popular ? take quiz . 
take our quiz on regional variations of favorite thanksgiving foods . 

rt nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 

rt rt if you agree : refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 

pecan pie truffles 
i need these ! 
this recipe is a stroke of genius . is my new fav person . 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate " there is hope 

reporter who forced release of laquan mcdonald video is barred from news event 
rt reporter who forced release of video barred from press conference with mayor & police superintendent https://… 
reporter who forced release of laquan mcdonald video barred from news event 
laquan mcdonald . 1 . smith wasn't barred . 2 . he is grandstanding . 3 . mr. mayor , officer was representing he had badge 
retweeted nancy bowen ( reporter who forced release of laquan mcdonald video is barred from ... 
rt this and failure of chicago pd to charge officers who covered up murder show sick police culture ... htt … 
rt ( who forced release of video is barred f/ news event … 
reporter who forced release of video is barred from news event 
rt reporter who forced release of video is barred from news event 
reporter who forced release of laquan mcdonald video is barred from news conference 
. who forced the release of video , was not allowed to attend news conference . 
reporter who forced release of video barred from event 
top story : reporter who forced release of laquan mcdonald video is barred from … see more 
" the freelance journalist whose lawsuit forced the chicago police department to release video of a fatal police ... 
chicago police dept blocks reporter whose lawsuit forced release of laquan mcdonald murder video from news event 
rt micnews : so the reporter who forced the release of the video was just … 
rt so the reporter who forced the release of the video was just barred from a city news conference … 
reporter who forced release of laquanmcdonald video is barred from news event via 
reporter who forced release of laquan mcdonald chicago shooting video is barred from news event 

rt it began as a hashtag . now , is an internet-driven civil rights movement … 

britain to close its coal-fired power stations by 2025 

at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court 
rt cravefornews at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court … 
rt rt nytimes : at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the … 

pillow fights at west point are banned ... tickle torture and wedgie wars under review 
pillow fights at west point are banned ... | … 
when the pre-generals are getting injured by west point pillow fights , it may be time to re-think combat strategy 
pillow fights at west point are banned after injuries 
not a headline to instil fear in america's enemies 
putin is laughing his ass off over this one . 
rumint : jousting , duels , feats of strength to be added : " pillow fights at banned after injuries " 
i think i discovered why army football has lost to navy football for the past 13 years ..... 
pillows don't hurt people ; people hurt people . 
our country is doomed . the next time our enemies attack us with pillows , we'll be helpless to respond . 
thank goodness we don't expect them to handle real weapons and lead the nation's wars . oh , wait ... 
contemplate : 1 ) pillow fights at west point . 2 ) banned for being too rough . still having trouble digesting both 1&2 . 
.. i will see your spork and raise you a pillow fight lol .... >>> .. 
pillow fights banned at west point because of excessive brutality . 
i wonder if this includes the army/navy game , biggest pillow fight of ' em all . 
thank you for your service 
no more rough pillow fights , west point says 
rt in print i hope the headline for this story will be " pillow fights banned at war academy " 

town of kobani , scarred by isis , strives to rebuild . 
. kobani , syria , now free from strives to rebuild . 
kobani man on brutal occupation : “ they didn’t leave us anything . not our sons , our money , our homes . ” 
rt kobani , syria , is trying now to overcome the deep scars of war and rebuild 
many of schools are damaged , but a number of them reopened last month . 
town of kobani , scarred by isis , strives to rebuild - the new york times 
local leaders form kobani reconstruction board solicit aid & rebuild town now free from 
" a bereaved mother walks through the mud , screaming and yanking tufts of gray hair from her head . " in kobani 

in mexico , mennonite farmers struggle with water shortage 
rt stunning photos from of mennonites in mexico . 
beautiful photos about a world i never knew existed in mexico . " mexico , mennonite farmers struggle w/water shortage " 

breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies 
two new studies suggest may have much to gain from 
breast-feeding may act as a sort of “ reset ” button for metabolism after pregnancy , helping women who had ... 
breast-feeding is good for not just studies suggest - 
la leche league has always stressed the benefits of breastfeeding for baby and mother . breastfeeding supports a ... 
breast feeding is apparent good for mother but bad for babies ... hmmm 
new studies find that there's a mutual benefit to both and when naturally breastfeeding . read more : 
shonna anderic romo 
well this is always good to know !! 
rt breast feeding good for mothers , not just babies . " it's a win-win , " prof eleanor schwarz says https :/ … 
rhonda valdes-greene , rn , lactation consultant , says is " 4th trimester . " 
rt " some scientists have started referring to breast-feeding as the “ fourth trimester ” of pregnancy that completes ... http … 
dr. eleanor bimla schwarz is quoted in this new york times article and she is speaking at the california ... 
retweeted sentara healthcare ( breast-feeding can protect moms from and 
rt breast-feeding can protect moms from and study finds . 
breastfeeding is good for mothers , not just babies 
studies suggest breast-feeding has health benefits for mothers , not just babies . 
new perspective on breast-feeding : good for mothers , not just babies 
study finds breast feeding may help protect women from a type of learn more : 
breast-feeding good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest . protective against breast cancer via 
studies show breast feeding not only good for babies , but mothers too 
do we really have to have studies about breast feeding ......... if nature didn't think it was good for mom's & ... 
studies : good 4 mothers . = 
" breast-feeding forces the breasts to finally grow up and get a job , and stop fooling around . " 

demonstrators in minneapolis after 5 people were shot at a protest . more photos of the day 
rt under the light of the moon , refugees walked to a camp to register in macedonia … 
rt photos of the day 
pics of the day : macedonia & elsewhere ( photo by georgi licovski 
demonstrators in minneapolis after 5 people were shot at a protest . photos uptown radio 

twitter to the rescue in - 
twitter cats to the rescue in brussels lockdown 
how can you show support in dangerous times ? the people of brussels decided to use 
rt this is maartje , a cat from ghent , belgium . she will not be intimidated . https://… 
a lovely story of humour during a dark time 
win : laughing in the face of terrorism , with cats . 
well done , internet . cats to the rescue in 
rt of all the belgium lockdown twitter cats this may be my favorite . story here : … 
some belgians tweeted a variety of cat to comfort people during the via : 
check out this article . 
the terror attacks in paris resulted in brussels locking down while searching for those involved . while stuck at ... 
another example of how our 4 legged friends are welcomed distractions during these tumultuous times ! 
twitter cats bring much needed levity to lockdown . police response is ... satisfying 
rt i have new found love + appreciation for belgians as they fight terror w/ cats 
this is great . cats to the rescue . 
rt check out cats to the rescue in brussels : … 
twitter cats to the rescue in < this deserves a second tweet . cats rule ! 

rt a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package … 
soccer stadium evacuated in hannover 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - the new york times 
soccer stadium evacuated in hanover over bomb threat - new york times 

rt ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , according to his advisers 

mother who left baby at queens church is found . 
no charges for mother who left newborn at queens church , prosecutor says 
mother who left baby at quezsens church is found ; no charges will be filed 
police search for answers about newborn who was left at queens church 
rt days later , the baby boy left in a queens church has no name . the latest by and me : 
retweeted tom wellborn ( no charges for mother who left newborn at queens church , prosecutor says - new ... 
( ) no charges for mother who left newborn at queens church , prosecutor says via 
( no charges for mother who left newborn at queens church , prosecutor says : pari ... ( 
latest news update from luisa florez . no charges for mother who left newborn at queens church , prosecutor says 
no charges for mother who left newborn at queens church , prosecutor says : parish officials said they had recei ... 
[ ♥.♥ ] no charges for mother who left newborn at queens church , prosecutor says 

an early-morning raid north of paris 
an early-morning raid north of paris : the french police conducted a raid in st. -denis aimed at detaining ... 

rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

rt after paris , who passes the commander in chief test ? via 

a new handbag line named for the first three digits of the golden ratio 
' the shows should have a reason , the campaigns .. everything should have a reason ' 
when a bag is based on math 
rt ... in the nytimes's " when a bag is based on math " by hilary moss 
rt when a bag is based on math hit the nail on the head . 
when is based on the new 
oh , math , you used to be so cool . i thought we had this ' thing ' . now you've sold out and gone corporate . 

first draft : ted cruz challenges president obama to debate on s 
u said u wanted to hear about it❗️ challenges you to debate on 
ted cruz challenges president obama to debate on syrian refugees | 
rt ted cruz challenges barack obama : " insult me to my face " … 
rt cruz challenges o to refugee debate ... ' insult me to my face ' ... 
ted cruz challenges president obama to debate on syrian refugees . ' insult me to my face ' 
rt challenges president obama to debate on " insult me to my face " 
ted cruz challenges obama to debate on syrian refugees - first draft . political news , now . - the new york times 
rt you said you wanted 2 hear about it : ted cruz challenges you to debate on syrian refugees … 
rt ted cruz to obama : come at me bro 

newborn found abandoned in nativity scene 
newborn is left in nativity scene at a queens church - new york times 
newborn is left in nativity scene at a queens church// i think it’s beautiful , ” father heanue said . 
the new york times : newborn is left in nativity scene at a queens church . 
rt newborn is left in nativity scene at a queens church 
" no better place to leave a baby " than an empty church ? how about a hospital ? 
a baby in a manger & just in time for christmas . 
such a seasonally sad story - healthy baby found in manger 
newborn baby abandoned in a manger at a church in queens , ny 
the police said they were searching for a woman who was seen on video arriving with the boy wrapped in a towel . 
healthy newborn abandoned in nativity scene at church . ( priest says no better place to leave a baby . ) 
well , now this is a story . newborn left in nativity scene in queens church ... 
better than a hospital ? 
healthy newborn found in nativity scene at a queens church 
newborn baby abandoned in new york nativity scene 
rt this is the stuff pulitzer-winning novels are made of . 
baby left at nativity scene in new york . glad he/she is alive , not and has a chance to live his/her ... 

trump’s applause lies 
rt mr. trump’s applause lies 
rt nyt calls trump a racist liar . 
rt is time for journalists to shut trump up 
applause lies i'm having a hard time understanding why so many citizens still support this guy . 
on i’m grateful that the is fearless in exposing huge lies 
" failing to hold a demagogue to account is dangerous . it’s no easy task for journalists but it’s an important one . " 
rt spot on nyt editorial comparing trump's hateful quotes to those of joe mccarthy and george wallace 
rt dominated by . https://… 
rt nytimes calls out for his racist bs , angry tweets coming ! ht … 
rt we of the nytimes editorial board just called out his " racist lies " at length . … 
amen 
reporters/producers should be judged by who has the brains & guts to confront a lie in real time and not let it go . 
trump is called out in ny times editorial . 
sage words from on " history teaches that failing to hold a demagogue to account is a dangerous act " 
journalists need to step up their game . don't let lies stand - keep pushing him , play his game better than he can 
mr. applause lies - the new york times 
rt finally ! the nytimes editorial board has called a racist liar for being a racist liar : … 
rt blistering nyt editorial compares donald trump to joseph mccarthy in 1950 , george wallace in 1963 
rt yeah for calling for fact-checking in the presidential campaign 
rt trump , the fool , lies and we wring our hands and wonder why . just vote ! a real democracy crushes … 
rt the new york times calls out trump as a racist liar : 

why is this hard to understand ? women control their body . period . 
sues texas in dispute over funding for 
files lawsuit against tx over the decision to eliminate the abortion business from medicaid 
a new low for texas - restricting women's right to healthcare ... go get them 
yes ! pp fights back against unreasonable laws . time for them to stop taking it and give some back . 
no texas , you do not have ownership over a woman's body . 
sues in dispute over funding for clinics 
we're fighting back for the people of texas . 
sues in dispute over for clinics 
calling state's action politically motivated , sues over funding for clinics 
the inevitable result of cutting funds for women’s reproductive health . cc 
what year is this ? 100,000 + texas women attempt self-induced abortions , state tries to cut access even further . 
the group called the action by texas , which has some of the toughest abortion restrictions in the country ,… 

the paris attackers : who were they ? 
rt prevention of radicalism ; possible only through cooperation w/ muslim immigrants paris attackers : who were they ? … 
paris attackers : who were they ? and why do we care abt ppl with shitloads of q's in their shitty names ? 
why would they do this ? painful 2 watch , important 2 know . the attackers the victims : 

this friday is black friday ! read the article on finding travel deals on 
- what deals do you want to score ? 
finding cheap flights and more on 
finding cheap and more on 
finding cheap flights and other deals on black friday 
finding cheap flights on black friday 
just posted their tips for travel deals 
you guys : take advantage of deals , book airline at deep discounts 
cyber monday cyber monday cyber monday cyber monday morganscybercom eurailcyber 
what the holidays mean for ( via 
rt finding cheap flights and more on 
black friday isn’t just for holiday shopping – you can also score cheap flights ! don’t miss the opportunity ! 
sojern in the 
. quotes on last year's cyber monday flight booking trends & what to expect this year . 
details : big discounts on rooms booked on 11/30 for stays between 12/11-3/31 ! more info : 
the only shopping i'll be doing : where to get the travel deals 
turismo : finding cheap flights 
is about too ! check out this preview and after all that ! 
a3 : look for further than ( details on some good ones via 
the event : finding cheap abstract entities and more on black abstract entity 

they have terrifc programs -- and until we find a better one , let me fund those . 
how to find better deals than black friday's 
have you ever scored a great deal from the annual pos t-t hanksgiving shopping bonanza ? if you were hard-pressed to think of something , you would not be alone . there’s a smarter way to shop than relyin ... 

aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of dignified defiance 
aung san suu kyi sounds a provocative note the next hurdle for burma democracy is to keep the lady a true democrat 
rt seth mydans , long-time southeast asia hand , returns to the pages of the nyt for a profile of aung san suu kyi . https … 
long a of sounds a provocative note 
new york times - usa - a defiant voice sounds a bolder note in myanmar - 
does respect for law include fidelity to a military-imposed constitution ? 
a symbol of dignified sounds provocative 
why tell us what she was wearing on her first day in parliament ?? 
aung san suu kyi , on the cusp of power , is sounding imperious . what kind of leader is she ? 
interesting insights to the leadership style of by 
aung san suu kyi wins " so far the military has been gracious in defeat , which stuns many burmese 
aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of sounds a provocative note 
burma's democracy icon , on the cusp of power , sounds provocative . how she will govern ? 
so happy to read the words of in again . his smart take on aung san suu kyi's rise in myanmar : 
aung san suu kyi , " the future is hers to shape . " by via 

secretly sends colombian mercenaries to fight 
rt colombian mercenaries fight in yemen ( on uae's side ) and nobody gives a fuck : 
secretly sends colombian mercenaries to yemen fight 
rt united arab emirates sends hundreds of colombian mercenaries to fight in yemen via 
sends colombians mercenaries to fight : 
this is shady as eff 
emirates secretly sends mercenaries to fight 
united arab emirates ( secretly sends colombian mercenaries to fight in 
mercenaries ideal for rich countries who wish to wage war yet whose citizens may not want to fight 
rt with uae using latin americans to fight in yemen & indonesia gearing up vs isis , a weird world war is escalating . https : … 
rt secretly sends colombian mercenaries to fight : 
neoliberal war : financialized , outsourced , and proxied . 
emirates sends colombian mercenaries to fight . interesting twist on different type of foreign fighters 
rt united arab emirates secretly sending colombian mercenaries to fight for its army in yemen . 
rt emirates secretly sends colombian mercenaries to fight 
rt what really needed was a blackwater-created army of latino mercenaries under u.a.e. command . 
rt the united arab emirates secretly hired hundreds of colombian mercenaries to fight in yemen . http … 
rt the united arab emirates has secretly sent colombian mercenaries to fight in yemen … 
emirates secretly sends 450 latin american troops : mostly colombian , some panamanian , salvadoran , chilean 

cranberry curd tart 
a version of this for the turkey sacrifice tomorrow ? 
who's cooking today ? what are you making ? i'm about halfway through this tart : 
delicious this is what reporters & editors are ogling & baking for t'giving . … 
in the nyt newsroom , this is what reporters & editors are ogling & baking for t'giving . 
hey do the folks at have another crust recipe for this tart ? a guest has hazelnut allergy 😓 : 
this is happening . 
and i made this the other day and it was great : ( actually i mostly just made pesto ) 
not lemon curd but cranberry curd in a pastry tart shell . yum ! 
hahaha . impossible not to first read this as " cranberry turd cart . " ( though : it sounds delicious ! ) 

rt french return to cafes in a show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” … 
rt rt french return to cafes show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” https … 

rt isis was born out of america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army http … 
in rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame 
many to blame for the rise of isis ( via 
unintended consequences of the iraq invasion , part xviii ... 
rt isis flag found in 2008 — early signal of the group’s rise . my look at the group’s rebirth . … 
2012 intelligence report foresaw the rise of an in & – the nyt confirms 
this is a good , well thought out article ...... 
rt read this to understand rise of isis but more importantly for understanding how obama just ignored the intelligence ht … 
good summary of and its leaders from inception to present-day 
. the concept was that if you just leave alone , it would destroy itself , & so u didn’t need to do much 
rt dia briefed white house on isis as early as 2012 , obama admin repeatedly ignored warnings … 
clemonster_us : great nytimes article on the rise of & the road to the … 
great article on the rise of & the road to the 
the best historical overview of the rise of isis i have seen , a must read for those who are probing this issue : 
zeer goed artikel over oorsprong daesh , rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame 
rt trying to understand the rise of isis ? great piece by 
new york times on rise of isis : no single missed key but many strands of blame 
in rise of no single missed key but many strands of blame 
a must read about actions , consequences and isis . hopefully we learn from our mistakes going forward . 
rt was born in america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army . https : … 
a good & insightful read ; the rise of " isis " 
rt us soldier found an islamic state banner in iraq in 2008 next to a mass grave of 30 bodies … 

thanksgiving appetizers 

you probably have a to-go pasta dish . next time , try this one instead . 
rt rt nytimes : you probably have a to-go pasta dish . next time , try this one instead . … 

takata said to have manipulated testing data for troubled airbag inflaters 
takata said to have manipulated testing data oh takata , with these tactics you gotta get the f*ck-outta .. business . 
permanent results lost love spell caster in the world +27783223616 fast action return love spells – revenge spells … 
honda has dropped takata because of manipulated testing data for troubled airbags , misrepresentation !! 
another day , another in the auto industry - via 
as early as 2000 , takata is said to have manipulated test results on airbag inflaters . 
as early as 2000 , the japanese auto supplier takata manipulated test results on airbag inflaters , according to a ... 
rt as early as 2000 , takata is said to have manipulated test results on airbag inflaters . 

diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to the dismay of some 
a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid - the new york times 
a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid — via 
rt more about diesel , the french police dog killed during a counterterrorism raid outside of paris 
rt a french police dog dies during st. -denis raid — 
rest in peace , diesel , hero french dog of st. denis . 
isaranjuez : rt nytimes : diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to … 
nytimes : diesel , a police dog killed during a raid outside paris , has drawn a lot of attention — to the dismay of … 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 

with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right 
" college students coming home for the first time ? it may not be what you expect , but it can still be great ; " 
thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality & getting it right via 
thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality & getting it right ( nyt ) 
kids ' visits from college aren't the last vestige of childhood , but first moments of adulthood . 
when your kids ' first college visit isn't exactly how you thought it would be : 
is it “ my house , my rules ” or our house , our relationship ? kids home from college : 
happy 
for college kids , coming home at thanksgiving is a choice . how to make it one they're glad they made : 
college students and parents alike , be kind to each other this week ! 
are your kids home from college ? here's how to manage during the break ! 
got a college kid home for thanksgiving ? try to lower your expectations ! 
those first trips home from college are the first steps in a new relationship . get them right : 
rt they want to see friends . you want to see them . they're becoming adults . you miss your kid . college visits : … 
no college kids , but everyone at table must tell what they're thankful for ; fantasy , reality , and getting it right 
parenting tips for a stress-free when kids come home 
celebrating thanksgiving ... with college students back home and in the house ... 
mt sharing sentiments , just off the phone ... nytimes : thanksgiving , with college students 
rt college kids coming home for first time ? make the visit work : 
for those students home for bridge your family expectations and your student reality : 
are your college kids coming home for thanksgiving ? this may help you handle the highs and lows of their return . 
for those with children in university or college returning for the holidays , this is a great read ! 
rt thanksgiving with your college student ... 

rt the eiffel tower is closed again 

rt fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : … 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and trey gowdy 
rt fmr benghazi investigator suing for firing him and making false statements about it : v … 
" ok , then " , as they say . 
rt podliska , fired from benghazi cmte for not attacking is suing to be reinstated : … 
fmr benghazi investigator suing for firing him and making false statements about it : via 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader 
rt fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader 
" fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader " by michael s . schmidt via 
podliska , fired from benghazi cmte for not attacking is suing to be reinstated : via 
fired living thing sues construction benghazi organisation and its living thing 
fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : via 

becoming modern : the met’s mission at the breuer building . 
sharp piece on the met's british curator of contemporary art , conflicts of interest , blind spots and all 
becoming modern : mission at the breuer building ( via 
perfect ! moving their lousy contemporary art , out of their lovely building & into a fittingly ugly one . 
do i smell some condescension in ' s portrait of sheena wagstaff from contemp dpt ? 
becoming modern : the met’s mission at the building 
quite the churlish take on the global vision of modern mission- becoming modern 
" you tell your american curators to stop being such whiners , ” he snapped . 
becoming modern : metmuseum's mission at the breuer building ( via nytimesarts ): 
rt if i wasn't worried before i would be now . 
met museum reconcieves the whitney’s old home : “ on march 18 , the museum will unveil the met breuer , better known … 
the met's mission at the breuer object 

where isis claims it has struck , and why 

refugees cling to a longtime haven in michigan 
chill grips a michigan haven for syrian families 
i grew up , peacefully , in suburban detroit amid refugees from iraq/iran . why are arab refugees suddenly a threat ? 
rt michigan is home to nearly 200 syrian refugees . this family arrived last week . … 
. tells the story of one syrian refugee family . who would fear these people ? 
syrian refugees are not terrorists . shutting them out is just mean-spirited bigotry . 
syrians arrived 2 and enjoying with snow as winter is approaching in this part of the world 
a chill grips a haven for families . 
" we didn’t cross illegally , ” he said . he threw his hands in the air . “ we went through hell to get here . ” 
no matter yr take on the issue , you should know what it's like to actually be a syrian refugee in the us : 
rt tannercurtis : michigan is home to nearly 200 syrian refugees . this family arrived last week . … 
share this story by on syrian refugees in us with people on both sides of the issue : 
sawyerbrendan : good nytimes read why should remain open for business/welcome those fleeing violence like … 
good read why should remain open for business/welcome those fleeing violence like that of 
in michigan , syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven 
ouch nyt : in detroit suburbs refugees trade mideast war 4 cold winters , strip malls&houses as uniform asmonopoly pces 
writes a fantastic , heartbreaking article on syrian in michigian : 

" forget turducken . it’s piecaken time . " 
under ' horribly calorific things that you never have to try ' , we have piecaken . 
adamdionne : if toa_bakery made a piecaken , i'd buy one . would you ? - 
if made a piecaken , i'd buy one . would you ? 
too late to make this to go with your turducken ? 
this is what you get when you put a peacan pie into a cake : 
my kinda frankenfood ! 
yessssss , er , no . 
rt wishing everyone a very hope it's filled with - / https :/ … 
today i'm giving thanks for this monstrosity of a dessert : 
" the great american tradition of stuffing edible things into other edible things " 🇺🇸 
apparently the new big thing is ' piecaken ' and i hate myself for even typing that . 
it is not thanksgiving here . but i'm contemplating making this for christmas . ( cc and 
can piecaken end the long , violent civil war between & or just add a new team to the fight ? 
first turducken , now piecaken is a new trendy dessert this thanksgiving - only 1200 calories a slice 
i’m thankful for all the frankenstein recipes i get to drool over each year . 
if you're going to cheat on your this pass on the " turducken " go for " piecaken " : 
finally . i will now sit back and wait for the singularity , where there is no longer any demarcation between us ... 
you're kidding me — culinary trailer park recipes : it’s piecaken time . 
thanks , for all that you do . eat plenty of turducken and piecaken . 
it's the whole " underground dessert-eating circles " thing that gives me the willies . is dhs keeping tabs on them ? 
well this looks pretty fun , but remember , it all gets stuffed somewhere at some point ... 
happy thanksgiving . bring on the piecaken . 
time can now be measured in bp ( before piecaken ) and ap ( after piecaken ) . 
“ through the magic of butter , it all stays together ” meet piecaken . 
holy , moly . 
oh , and don't forget the piecaken ! 

joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
seems like she's just receiving insanely bad advice on how to use twitter 
dear twitter : reveals need to celebrate of cc 
i want to read a profile of randy souther 
and sometimes it's better when an author stays off twitter . see this ? 
joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ' joyous ' in isis ? - 
hah ! daesh might want to consider recruiting joyce carol oates . oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
the author was criticized after she posed a question on twitter about the islamic state . 
joyce carol oates faces backlash on twitter following tweet : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
joyce carol oates . .. gore vidal : " the three most dispiriting words in the english language are joyce carol oates . 
joyce carol oates & isis if some thoughts are taboo , then we can only explore the local minima and maxima of ideas . 
joyce carol oates on is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
" randy souther , who has written about ms. oates for 20 years and started a scholarly journal focused on her work " 
" there is no joy in isis , " the mighty hath spoke out 
you deserve this 4 signing the anti-hebdo letter this year . you simply don't express yourself well . 
ny times reporting on jco isis tweets , money quote from douthat . self-parody , or are we just a monstrous society ? 
questions are critical . unfettered inquiry is the only force that can oppose poisonous ideology : 

white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks 
lost in all of the syrian refugee hysteria is question of why pres . obama is only willing to admit 10,000 refugees . 
it's really depressing to me that the world is just now waking up to what has been going on in syria for years 
rt white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & … 
gop : obama refugee vetting “ doesn’t sound at all robust to me " white house affirms syrian refugee plan 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & humane 

rt for la belle équipe's owner , whose wife died in the paris attacks , bistro life must go on . https : … 
after paris attacks , ties that bind patrons at a cafe also burn - 
rt another beautiful tribute to my old neighborhood : the ties that bind at a paris cafe also burn by 
this is a very touching article . i'm hoping some of you will take the time to read it . 
rt terrorists not only attacked parisians , they also targeted one of their most precious institutions : the bistro . … 
heartbreaking piece by about the victims at la belle équipe . 
leftists celebrate multiculturalism , while diversity ( aka : race mixing ) is destroyed , & yet promoted in france . 
" we can still smile with scars on our face . we will lick our wounds and then will all live with our scars " 
wrenching read about the dead at the belle equipe bistro , and the people they left behind : 
give thanks ! beautiful article on unity and love in the face of terror . 
in a city where corner bistros are havens for neighbors and friends , the terrorist attacks in paris hurt families ... 
rt " what dignity ? what heroism ? they shoot a girl in the back . ” shattering story on la belle equipe … 
after attacks , ties that bind patrons at a cafe also burn - new york times : 
latest buzz and reviews for paris cafe : - rt beautiful young people of midd ... 
la belle équipe is a typical paris bistro with a band of regulars now trying to rebuild a life after the attacks . 
beautiful young people of middle eastern descent cut down in the prime of their lives at a paris cafe 
la belle équipe is a typical paris bistro with a band of regulars now trying to … 
rt the survivors of la belle équipe , a potent emblem of multicultural paris hit in the attacks , rebuild shattered lives-https … 
a beautiful tribute to a beautiful team w/ an excellent profile of la belle equipe in paris 
rt who did the terrorists in paris kill ? djamila houd , hodda saadi . halima saadi ndiaye . great 

cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says . 
cease-fire and political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , kerry says us still want syrianregime change 
cease-fire and political transition in crucial to defeating isis , kerry says 
cease-fire and a political transition in syria crucial to defeating isis , john kerry says . 
cease-fire and a political transition in crucial to defeating says . 
visiting france , kerry vows ' greater pressure ' on isis 

" this new nyc building " makes the case for why architecture matters " " 


thanksgiving tv : plan your other binge 
our nyt tv staff picks for long-weekend binges , including tv's most thanksgiving-appropriate title : the leftovers . 
the new york times (!) says you should be binge-watching gortimer this thanksgiving . i agree . 
great british baking show on netflix looks fun . sports trivia plan your tv binge 
the television critics and editors of the new york times offer suggestions for what to stream wit ... via 

something happened in network tv that's almost unheard-of these days : a show got canceled . 

to cam newton , the only numbers that matter are 10 and 0 - - 
bill rhoden is a cranky old man who thinks you kids need to take your calculators and get out of the press box : 
ease up on the analytics when assessing newton , writes the goat mc 
" look beyond the numbers and find a leader emerging " 
getslimmerquickly / sports of the times : look beyond the numbers and find a leader emer ... 

what is general 
100 years ago this month . 
100 years since einstein’s general relativity - 
it's been 100 years 
rt in 1907 , einstein had his “ happiest thought ” — people in free fall don't feel their own weight https … 
in 1907 , albert einstein had his “ happiest thought ” — people in free fall do not feel their own weight . 
what is general - the new york times 
thank you once again , and explained joyfully for my needy brain . 
what is general so few people even understand what this is ! genius 
what ! no for the 100th anniversary of einstein's theory of general relativity ? even the has 
einstein's general theory of relativity : 
nice simple synopsis of einstein's general relativity for his 136th birthday ... grafix & video by nyt ... 
rt 100 year anniversary of einstein's general relativity . challenge yourself with this well written piece explaining it . https://… 

despite global events , u.s. gasoline prices remain low 
aaa expects that nearly 42 million americans will take road trips over the long weekend . 
american travelers are being treated to bargains at the gasoline pump this thanksgiving weekend . 
despite global events , us gasoline prices remain low - new york times 
despite global events , u.s. gasoline p ... | … 
nytimesbusiness : american travelers are being treated to bargains at the gasoline pump this thanksgiving weekend . 
clifford krauss 

u.s. offers $5 million reward for senior isis figure 

rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 

your wednesday briefing 
" your wednesday briefing " by adeel hassan via nyt nyt now via 

is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
is suspected after explosion in kills 32 
last tues , an explosion in a nigerian city killed 32 people . 
mark zuckerberg should change the facebook icon to the nigerian flag 
the beat goes on and on 
boko haram ( aka bozo haram ) is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
rt is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
terrorist attack in nigerian marketplace claims 32 innocent lives - boko haram is suspected , read more here : 
former natsec adviser for nigeria accused of stealing $2 billion that was supposed to be for fighting boko haram 
rt rt hey are you going to declare war on boko haram too ? 
boko haram , gop governors suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
boko haram suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
shared a link 
another attack . evidence for thesis that displaced rebels/terrorists likelier to target civilians 

what china has been building in the south china sea 
i hope one , or more , of the islands have an exclusive resort . i bet the night sky is awesome there ! 
reef to island in less than a year : china has been building in south china sea . 
concerning destruction of reefs for island expansion in the south china sea ... 
one way to destroy a coral reef in the progress name by china 
china is converting entire reefs to islands in just one year . yet , we can't finish velachery-taramani link road 

justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections 
320 ) justice antonin scalia questions gay rights protections , but also knows lgbt billionaire$ wins via 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind rights protections - 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind protections via retire already 
justice questions logic behind gay rights protections . he's doing more than 
scalia does it for the lulz , apparently . 
officials at report std levels rising to alarming levels via 
scalia's a moron with idiotic comparison . justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections 
justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
so glad that in this time of hating muslims , scalia has found time to hate gay people too 
rt ignoring the history of civil rights , scalia equates laws protecting my marriage to laws protecting child molesters . ht … 
well , this makes me so angry , i want to vomit : 
scalia's just being a troll here . because he hates to lose . and we're winning . via 
antonin scalia : supreme court justice questions constitutionality of gay rights protection scalia made his ... 
have you seen this ? i predict regressive left hashtag slacktivists asking for scalia to step down 
once again , it's the difference between the letter and the spirit of the thing . c'mon , scalia -- smell the coffee ! 
this dude is a turd . 
question - must remove poor treatment of gays from islam ? what about from christians here ? 
are you really going to compare it to pedophiles ? justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights via 
please file under “ headlines i wish i could unsee ” - 
realizing that people like these have doctorate degrees from harvard & yale proves education means nothing 
child abusers and pederasts hurt people . way to make analogies that don't work , scalia . via 
" ... mmmmm don't look at me , but , as i've said , it's unnatural ... and ... perverted also . " 
it's never nice to wish for someone's death , but it'll be so sweet when this fucker finally croaks 
so scalia can't distinguish between groups like black , gays or women and groups like child abusers and pederasts 
rt it's 2015 . stop comparing lgbt people to criminals & pedophiles . even for scalia this hate is beyond the pale . … 

on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
12 . blog entry : bernie sanders , 2003-2011 american iraq war , conflict inappropriateness : sanders takes cue from dean 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " by patrick healy via 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " by patrick healy via nyt 
on invading sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
smart piece contrasting sanders and dean on invading iraq and ousting hussein . 

marine le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france : 
not before time and being sagged of as racist etc . 
le front national is going to make huge gains in france ... and not for the better . 
wonder how that'll play out in france w/ marine le pen's message gaining traction & upcoming election 
who didn't see this coming ? exactly what those thugs wanted : le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
marine le pen's anti-islam message gains influence in france - 
terrifying : marine le pen's gaining more of an audience post- 
history repeating itself ? 
you think she stopped by the elysee palace to measure for curtains ? le pen v hollande in 2017 ?... 
marine le pen’s anti-islam message in france don't get caught up in the political selfserving propaganda . 
unsurprising , but very troubling + counter-productive : le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
... and this is an understatement , i'm sure 
no , the national front party : 

fifa , recovering 48 luxury watches , seeks to cast off links to giveaway 
the sands of time . i wonder what gifts slave state qatar offered . fifa recovering 48 luxury watches . 
getslimmerquickly / fifa , recovering 48 luxury watches , seeks to cast off links to give ... 
ethics investigators have spent more than a year hunting down 48 watches worth $26k each . 
fifa recovers only 48 of 65 $26k gift watches , closes matter . the luxury watchmaker sees web traffic triple . 
the luxury watch scandal : fifa in a nutshell 
welcoming presents to saopaulo- 48 luxury watches , seeks to cast off links to giveaway 
fifa , recovering 48 luxury watches , seeks to cast off links to ... - new york times 

over 600,000 deaths in the past 2 decades were caused by extreme weather . 
says weather-related disasters have killed 600k ppl over 20yrs , economic losses at trillions of dollars . 
extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 2 decades 
un : extreme weather has killed 600,000 people in the past 20 years & climate change will increase these figures . 
. " extreme weather tied to more than 600,000 deaths over two decades . " 
weather-related disasters affected killed 600 , 000 , affected 4.1 billion people & cost $1.9 trillion over 20 yrs : 
600k deaths over the course of 20 years attributed to extreme weather . 
myanmar continues search after deadly landslide at jade mine 
rt extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over two decades via … 
extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths over 20 years = total u.s vehicle deaths 
extreme weather tied to over 600000 deaths over 2 decades - new york … via 
rt report : extreme weather tied to over 600,000 deaths and $1.9 trillion in damage over 2 decades … 
rt un report : weather disasters injured 4.1 bn people in last 20 yrs , caused trillions in damage , and will keep rising https … 

how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia 

pope francis arrives in a kenya fed up with graft : 
in kenya , corruption's the issue . that's why so many people appreciated pope's little ride . 
arrives in a fed up with 
<3 vatican radio - english section for remembering ! 
rt pope drives into nairobi in a little gray honda , showing up political bigwigs . gotta love this guy . 
vist- francis arrives in a kenya fed up with graft - new york times 

rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attacks … 
police say target of raids was belgian suspect 
the paris prosecutor’s office said that the target of raids in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis was ... 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing … 
rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the at … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attac … 
points : police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , th … 

why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 
nytimes : why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 

rt after paris attacks , vilifying refugees via 

photos of the day 

to retool as 
rt gawker is said to retool as politics site via 
. to retool as site 
rt gawker will retool as a politics site ahead of the 2016 election . 
here's to hoping investigative journalism will be a part of that retool . that is what the marketplace needs 
rt stick a fork in gawker , it's done . i expect nick denton's mocha boytoy to rape him in divorce court soon : … 
rt gawker is going to become a politics site : 
. to retool as site by 
i'm not sure if i'm sad or excited that is retooling as a political site . 
gawker's rebooting as a political site , shifting celeb/pop culture news to jezebel , & folding io9 into gizmodo 
rt as gawker and its " journalists " enter their death spiral , we can only hope they take jezebel with them . … 
i love this take on the evolution of blogs 
gawker will now focus on " political news , commentary and satire " inspired by crew p 
gawker is changing focus as part of a broad revamping , will now cover politics , not media 
. to " ride the circus of the 2016 campaign cycle to reorient [ to ] political [ content ] " 
we can help pay off debt . $1.6 billion in loans were issued through prosper in 2014 . peer-to-peer loans through pro … 
gawker going purely political .... 

new york muslims 
rt in the past week and half american muslims in nyc have reported more incidents of harassment and physical assaults : ht … 
rt mainstreaming islamophobia : leads to attacks , insults . us muslims left vulnerable and “ alienated ” https :/ … 
sickening . 47 democrats who voted for gop's anti-refugee bill helped spur islamophobia 
seriously america ? “ ‘ i’m frightened ’ : after paris attacks , new york city muslims cope with a backlash ” 
post ny muslims cope with backlash 
these people encourage muslims to believe there is a clash between islam and the west --- just as isis & al qaeda do . 
' i'm frightened ' : after terrorist attacks , new york city muslims cope with a ... - new york times 
rt ‘ i’m frightened ’ : after paris attack , new york muslims cope with backlash " stay away from the subway … 
rt muslims in nyc have been spat on , assaulted . told " go home " after paris attacks . via … 
rt : ‘ i’m frightened ’ : after paris attack , new york muslims cope with backlash … 
rt muslims in nyc and around the u.s. under attack , say islamophobia at levels not seen since 9/11 
new york times ' i'm frightened ' : after attacks in paris , new york muslims cope with a bac … 
‘ i’m frightened ’ : after paris attack , new york muslims cope with backlash " stay away from the subway platform edge " 
true ! 
american women shld not have to be frightened because they are one religion , color , ethnicity , sex pref or another : 
i love my country , but when will we learn ? after attacks in paris , new york muslims cope with a backlash 
‘ i’m frightened ’ : after attacks in cope with a backlash 
‘ i’m frightened ’ after paris attacks new york city muslims cope with a backlash via 
trumpo may be a clown and all , but his political arson has consequences . 
the " mainstreaming of islamophobia , " fueled by republican presidential candidates 
rt “ it feels like everybody’s staring like you’re on stage and you’re scared to do anything wrong . ” 
" the tone and tenor is worse than post 9/11 " `` after attacks in paris , new york muslims cope with a backlash 
defend ' grey zone ' . via nyc muslims cope 
rt ‘ i’m frightened ’ : after paris attacks , new york city muslims cope with a backlash 
safe . unsafe . safe . unsafe . safe . unsafe . safe/unsafe ? 

who are the turkmens of 
rt who are the turkmens of syria ? 
the turkmens of syria are not isis and the turkish government has the right to protect them from putin's air attacks 
rt q . and a . : who are the turkmens of 
meet the 
rt question of the day : who are the of 
q . and a . : who are the of 

paris attacks give rise to fakes and misinformation 
rt a look at the altered images , bogus tweets and odd theories that spread across the internet after the paris attacks https : … 
text book example on the misleading uses of the social media in emergencies . 
" people will share anything online in order to share something online " 
when everyone has a voice , you're going to hear a lot of rubbish : paris attacks give rise to fakes & misinformation 
paris attacks gave rise to fakes and misinformation 
rt fascinating read about misinformation in the aftermath of tragedies . 
rumors , fake tweets , and a selfie of a canadian mistaken for a terrorist : beware of misinformation after big events 
not surprising : give rise to fakes and misinformation shared via social media via 
la razón's fake terrorist front page makes it into the new york times : 
give rise to fakes and misinformation , including mainstream media 
paris attacks give rise to misinfo 

rt black friday rip . hooray ! 
black friday falters as consumer behaviors change 
yet more proof that people are more interested in spending money on experiences rather than material goods : 
fdr set the date of thanksgiving to help retailers but that is irrelevant in today's online world 
is faltering ? 
black friday loses momemntum as online spending grows 
is " black friday " tomorrow " over " before it begins ? retail companies ponder new consumer behaviors 
i never knew the history of it's not an encroachment on thanksgiving - it's the purpose of it 
article on black friday in the us - context , history .. 
disappointing black friday a signal of shifting consumer behaviour to online purchases and offline experiences 
is black friday becoming too tedious ? this is a great ( american ) article - but what happens there repeats here . 
“ they’re online , ” mr. canally said . “ and they’re spending more on experiences . a day at the spa , a baseball game , th … 
changes in consumer have lessened the importance of for retailers . 
cool to see paul arnhold quoted in the ny times ! 
rt in 1939 , the nation’s largest sent franklin d . roosevelt an urgent plea . fell on the ... https : … 

in renovation of golf club , donald trump also dressed up history 
rt rump " don't know much about history , big fan , though . " in renovation of golf club , donald trump dressed up history … 
ignorance of history is well , ignorant ! 
trump environmental travesty becomes " historic " absurdity 
rt in renovation of golf club , donald trump also dressed up history 
donald trumps historically inaccurate golf course - classic 
rt in of also " more & 2 
rt in renovation of also dressed up 
rt " how would they know that ? ” trump asked , when told local historians called his plaque a fiction . “ were they there ? ” https : … 
when the rest of us just make stuff up like trump does it's called lying 
rt i was literally saying yesterday how trump-style " there are no facts " terrify me as an archivist , then this story ... https : … 
rt . " get trump " campaign hits paydirt : erroneous golf course plaques . no pol can survive that 
donald not making history , making it up : 
trump golf club . fake history plaque renovation of golf club , trump also dressed up history 
. interviews on the fake civil war marker on trump's golf course 
in renovation of golf club , trump also invented history pro-liar , at it again . leader . 
newt gingrich on dodgy civil war claims from trump : “ it’s a country club with a golf course , for pete’s sake . " 
the logic behind a trump falsehood here is a sight to behold 
the man doesn't even understand what ' truth ' means . / renovation of golf club , donald trump also dressed up history 
makes a news piece out of nothing in an attempt to go after . 
story exposes historical marker on trump golf course as incorrect !!! crap ... now who am i gonna vote for ? 
in renovation of golf club , donald trump also dressed up civil war 
" if people are crossing the river , & you happen to be in a civil war , i would say that people were shot ” — trump 
taking history to make it his story . trump also dressed up history : 
donald trump is a great civil war historian , the best 
rt trump exaggerated on a historical plaque at one of his golf courses . and if you can't trust your golf course ... … 
in renovation of golf club , also dressed up history 
trump is just trying to honor forgotten soldiers who might have been shot there => golf club , donald trump , civil war 
trump : " common sense logic " = pathological fiction . never let the truth get in the way of a good story though . 

rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 

rt a woman in was killed when she detonated an explosive vest during a raid , french officials said . … 
a woman hiding out in an apartment in st. -denis was killed when she detonated an explosive vest 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - new york times 
top story : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special fo … see more 
top story : retweets woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by spe … see more 
woman killed in raid after detonating explosive vest - diesel , a 7-yr-old police dog , also killed 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces — via nytimesworld@ 
woman detonates suicide vest in st-denis raid in paris via 
top woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
paris : updates on the terror attacks : paris : updates on the terror attacks ! 
rt woman killed in raid in paris ; three men captured by special forces . live updates : 
woman killed in raid . 5 suspects arrested . 
the raid in st. -denis brought major disruption to residents and commuters 
woman killed in raid via 

lee miller’s journey from model to 
rt paris , 1944 : unseen lee miller photos at imperial war museum 
lee miller’s journey from model to wwii photographer : 
fascinating read : lee miller went from being a condé nast cover girl to a wwii photog . 
miller’s journey from model to war photographer : 
. lee miller's stark photographs of women during ww ii took vogue into uncharted territory . 
lee miller's stark photographs of women during ww ii took into uncharted territory . 
she was a cover girl , a modeling sensation and man ray's muse . but her place in history was secured by her work ... 
lee miller's journey from model to war photographer 
miller’s place in history-secured by her documentation of life-during world war ii . from model to war photographer 
my final project in women in lit was on miller ( as well as several other wwii women ) . such an interesting person . 
’ s journey from to photographer 
rt lee miller , documented d-day aftermath , allied advance and eventual liberation of the dachau & buchenwald … 
man ray's muse , lee miller , and her journey from model to war photographer 

“ all these strikes are targeting abandoned empty locations . ” 
if france thought isis killed 130 ppl , why retaliate by bombing empty locations ? 
strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results . 
rt 1 . so if us can give france 10s of short-notice isis targets w/o killing civilians , why weren't they hit before ? … 
rt results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” - 30 hit mainly outskirts … 
rt 2 . and if not , then are they hitting civilians/accepting more risk of that ? or empty land/bldgs , bombing for show ? https :/ … 
this article on french aviation strikes re raqqa by is on the money 
it seems the are faking the bombing campaign . strikes on raqqa in lead to more questions than results 
“ thank god , no civilians died , ” he said . from 
rt bombing for show ? us , syria , jordan , russia , now france : need revenge on isis ? drop a few bombs on raqqa ! syria https://… 
strikes on in lead to more questions than results 
strikes on raqqa in lead to more questions than results - more " security theater " ... 
french bombing missions strike nothing but empty buildings . lol ! 
on in lead to more than 
" why , if there's is targets that could be hit w/o killing civilians , weren't they hit long ago ? what was being hit ? " 
rt before every brit wets themselves in excitement over bombing isis in syria , it seems french airstrikes are for show . … 
why , if there were targets that could be hit without killing civilians , were they not hit long ago ? 
strikes on raqqa in syria " targeting abandoned empty locations 

ireland holds its first same-sex marriage ceremony 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 
points : angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had … 

manhattan dentist’s lawyer suggests client was high when he spoke with i ... 
ny dentist arrested on drug and child porn charges bragged about bestiality parties and infecting people with hiv . 
odd to see indicted criminal described by almost positive-sounding ' high ' not intoxicated/on drugs in the 
manhattan dentist's lawyer suggests client was high when he spoke with informer 
lawyer for chelsea dentist accused of meth , child-porn possession suggests client was high when he made wild claims : 
brooklyn in the building via nyt 

" blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in rugby " 
rip ' a freight train in ballet shoes ' , jonah lomu 
" a freight train in ballet shoes " great tribute to jonah 
" size and speed , jonah set new template in 
ny times : blending size and speed , jonah lomu set new template in 
rugby lost a trailblazer when jonah lomu fell to kidney disease today at 40 . kia ora , mate . 
rt daniellancaste8 : rt kiisplay : nytimes sport : rugby : blending size and speed , jonah lom … 

quote of the day 

:: your wednesday briefing : russia , chicago police , golden state warriors 

isis women and enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape : 
a long but truly fascinating read , about life in raqqa before and with 
collaboration & resistance against isis - women enforcers in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
rt ex-member of isis ' morality police ' tells brutal story of life as a woman in raqqa . … 
( isis ) and enforcers in tell their stories ( warning ; graphic descriptions ) 
rt a must read on deash ( " isis " ) : women from raqqa in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape from deash … 
rt inside isis : great revelatory piece .. dont miss it : 
rt de obligada lectura : women in syria recount collaboration , anguish and escape … 
rt how modern young women changed into morality enforcers for is in raqqa and then escaped . brilliant by htt … 
- and enforcers in recount collaboration , anguish and escape 
rt ' the handmaid's tale ' , made flesh 

on campus : stories from new york times readers 
racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 
interesting compilation of stories of racism on college campuses across the u.s. 
on campus : stories from readers . 
students from colleges across the us share their stories of on campus 
rt racism on campus : " last semester a makeshift noose was hung on my campus at the student center . " 
rt racism on campus : i had less of overt but masses of microaggressions so totally related to thes … 
racism on campus : i had less of overt but masses of microaggressions so totally related to these in 
as a student i am glad this made such an impact on campuses across the us . 
a rough read , but will it persuade white readers that racism is a problem ? racism on campus : stories fr nyt readers 
rt nytimes reports on racial hate crime on campus -- a pocahottie costume . 

" ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations " 
rt poor baby thinks it's the media's fault he's dumb . ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations https : … 
the vulgar , personal attacks are actually ben carson quotes : supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations 
ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks on his absurdist lies in seeking donations via 
who chairs the ben carson-aligned superpac ? john philip sousa iv 
first draft : ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donation ... 
first draft : ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar’… 

abaaoud's own family wanted him dead father mourns 13-yr-old son , abducted to syria by brother abaaoud . 
an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead . 
rt first thing to know about abdelhamid abaaoud , target of this morning's paris raid : his own family wants him dead . https : … 
notable fact about paris attacker from policy perspective is his links to movement in libya and not just syria 
abaaoud's own family wanted him dead he flunked out of upscale school , turned to petty crime , drugs , then 
rt isis militant his own family wanted him dead by andrew higgins & 
here's the article pegging his education as catholic school boy's rather than an islamic school : 
rt the chief suspect in the paris attacks was wanted dead by his own family . 
another good read on this : 
when the family of abdelhamid abaaoud received word from syria last fall that he had been killed fighting for the ... 
rt 1st thing to know about abaaoud , mastermind of his own family want him dead . ht … 
“ we are praying that abdelhamid really is dead , ” 
“ we are praying that abdelhamid really be dead ” - yasmina said 
“ i can’t take it anymore , ” omar abaaoud told local reporters at the time . “ i am on medication ” 
an islamic filth holy warrior from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
more on abdelhamid abaaoud , whose own family wanted him dead 
rt the leader of the lived a pretty cushy life . he wasn't poor , uneducated , aggrieved etc … 
rt 1/2 nyt reporting on paris attacks plotter abdelhamid abaaoud's links with al-battar battalion in syria . … 
doesn't matter what country they're from . islamic terrorist born in brussls are really 
isis mastermind studied in an exclusively catholic school and was a notorious drinker at his local bar 
rt isis militant whose own family wanted him dead deeply reported & a great read htt … 
rt sadly , not all " syrian refugees " are good people . 
' we are praying that abdelhamid really is dead . ' the isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt social networks , not communities , are often key in radicalizing and empowering those who carry out http … 
think isis = islam ? i give you the mastermind of the paris attacks ... a two bit thug whose own family despises him . 

ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , says former ex-cia advisor says 
ben carson is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers s 
rt not a good look when your advisers are giving quotes like these * on * the record : … 
this can't be real , right ?... 
rt the fact that this carson adviser tells the nyt this on the record just blows my mind ... https :/ … 
frontrunner : is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say 
carson aides admit candidate needs work on foreign policy : 
carson aides say he needs weekly foreign policy briefings to " make him smart " 
mt fascinatingly indirect way to report man running for president , leading in polls doesn't know shit 
rt top advisor : he needed weekly conference calls briefing him on foreign policy so “ we can make him smart . ” … 
rt i still cannot believe this ben carson story . just amazing . 
rt for the foreign policy may just be too much for him to handle . 
rt this was on the record ?!? 
rt this is carson's own advisor , on the record . 
is struggling to grasp foreign policy , advisers say reboot 
nobody has been able to sit down with carson and have him get one iota of intelligent information about middle east 
rt i feel like ben carson's next debate prep is going to be really awkward 
there it is . carson's " mentor , " claridge , was reagan's cia man for latin america ... connect the dots and you get ... 
rt carson aides say he needs weekly foreign policy briefings to " make him smart " … 
rt this new york times article says that ben carson is struggling 2 grasp foreign policy not qualified 2 be president htt … 
rt this piece on carson and his struggle to grasp foreign policy is a must-read : 
if he can't handle foreign policy and foreign affairs you are not the person to run this country ! 
rt love their candor ! carson aides say he needs foreign policy tutoring '' so we can make him smart . '' - https … 
rt two of ben carson's own advisors say that he's struggling to grasp foreign policy . yeah , guys , we noticed . … 
rt with bonus ethnic slur about the chinese as the kicker 
is struggling to grasp foreign policy , his own advisers say . 
advisors say ben carson struggles to grasp uh , ya think ? he's usually lost on substantive issues . 
game .... set .... match 
like ... what ? 

for fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
the seems to be increasingly about stirring the shit 
for addicts , fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
the real dangers of " fantasy sports sites " for addicts 
fantasy sites and the ruinous path of addiction . 
rt fantasy sites can lead to gambling addiction . “ the perception of skill has led many people down a very dark path ” htt … 
if fantasy sports isn't gambling , why do people lose money -- and find themselves unable to stop ? 
for , sites can lead to ruinous path 
one man discloses how fantasy sports sites almost ruined his life and why they are a risk for people in recovery : 
" his life , consumed by gambling , disintegrated to where he considered suicide . " 
for addicts , daily fantasy sports sites can lead to a ruinous path [ via 
daily fantasy sport sites took his latent gambling problem to the brink of suicide 
new york times article/video on daily fantasy sports and gambling problems 
rt to those with addiction , daily fantasy sports looks a lot like gambling 
for those struggling with gambling fantasy sites can lead to a ruinous path via 
for addicts , fantasy sports sites can lead to ruinous path - 
while fanduel and draftkings are thriving ... more patients of gambling ? 
for gambling addicts , fantasy sites can lead to ruinous path 
are fantasy sports sites feeding gambling 
mass ag says draft kings is game of skill that needs regulation . ny ag disagrees . what say you ? 
really think sports not gambling lol 
nytimes , " for [ gambling ] addicts , fantasy [ sports ] sites can lead to ruinous path " : 

early cases fall along with screening 
great to see urology leaders drs . penson & eastham advocating for smarter screening for we agree ! 
rt has the pendulum swung too far with reduced … 
early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening 
rt studies find declines in screening and early detection of via - 
with reductions in screening , fewer cases are being diagnosed . what does it mean for public health ? 
will soon be sharing selfies of my mustache . in the meantime , men's health from 
trouble with screening is 3 false positive psa for every cancer . so most cx of severe sepsis in those without cancer 
early prostate cases fall along with screening 
fewer men are getting screened for finds via 
psa isn't perfect but we can be smarter about using it , vanderbilt's david penson tells 
studies show that fewer men are being screened for prostate cancer : 
studies find declines in screening and early detection of prostate cancer 
“ fewer men are being screened for prostate cancer , and fewer early-stage cases are being detected , according to two … 
according to two recent studies published in the journal of the american medical association , fewer men are being ... 
rt studies find prostate screening , early detection declines . 220k new cases expected in ' 15 https : … 
how can we lower the cost of medical care ? screen fewer men for prostate cancer , and discover fewer cases . brilliant 
here's exactly why men should be screened for prostate cancer - early detection ! 
. reports : fewer men screened for prostate and fewer early-stage cases detected . 
early cancer cases fall along with 
dave penson gives great interview in nyt on prostate cancer screening 
rt fewer men get screened for prostate cancer , and fewer cases are being found . is this good or bad ? time will tell . https : … 
“ with psa testing , we often detect cancers that don’t need to be treated " prostate advice put in doubt by new study 

the band eagles of death metal makes a statement on the paris attacks . read it in full : 
nuff said ⚡ 

rt don lemon doesn't get offended 

how2roastturkey : make potatoes : tksgiveguide : 
how to cook turkey 
happy thanksgiving ! check out this article so your thanksgiving goes off without a hitch ! 
just in case your still trying to figure out what to do with that tomorrow ! 
get yourself prepped for thanksgiving . how to cook a turkey : 
happy thanksgiving ! this one goes out to my mother , love you mom ! 
. ny times turkey guide to the rescue : 
turkey : how to cook the turkey via 
the bird is the word ! here's how to cook the turkey . 
" beware : sometimes the giblets are under the neck flap , not in the cavity . check the turkey thoroughly " 


here we go ! ama 

rt two of ben carson's top advisers say he's struggling to grasp foreign policy 

rt our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams … 

yay , that sound again ! 
ooh 0:40 . i've never solved a mini puzzle that quickly . 

" it's good to know there's a grownup in the conversation " re isis . 
no known terror threat to u.s. before thanksgiving , obama says 
obama seeks to reassure skeptical public on isis fight : 
obama fails to reassure skeptical public on isis fight 
if obama put as much effort in2 fighting is as givng bombs logisticl supprt 2 ksa in yemen , us might c results vs is 
obbama " so preoccupied with not making the mistakes of the past that he’s making new ones all his own ” 
no known terror threat to us before thanksgiving , obama says . 
top story : retweets no known terror threat to u.s. before t … see more 
rt no known terror threat to us before thanksgiving , obama says . 
no known terror to u.s. before thanksgiving , says 
" washington — after meeting with his national security team on wednesday , president obama headed from the ... 

mack mccormick , student of texas blues , dies at 85 
mack mccormick , student of texas dies at 85 
rt another obit of the great , somewhat mad , but great folklorist mack mccormick , in 
a great , great man . the dead skin between his toes was more important to culture than a hundred jimmy iovines . rip . 
mccormick obit in also relates a possible source for the pete-seeger-pulled the-plug-on-dylan legend 
mack mccormick searched out forgotten or unrecorded blues singers , and helped revive lightning hopkins ' career . 

mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ... 
mayor bill de blasio and commissioner tell new york city to ignore new isis 
mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city t … — via 
bill de blasio tells new york to ignore terror threats and to not be intimidated 
new york officials say to ignore new isis video threatening city 
don't think ignoring malicious intentions accomplishes much : & police commissioner tell t … — 
" fear is the oxygen of terrorism . " bill bratton on isis video featuring nyc . 
“ fear is the oxygen of terrorism " & via 
so live in fear otherwise , give up all privacy rights , but nevermind this video — 
“ celebrate , be aware , but do not be afraid . the n.y.p.d. will protect you , ” — via 
nothing to see here .... de blasio/commissioner tell new york city ignore isis video … — via 
de blasio , police commissioner tell nyc to ignore isis video that hints at manhattan attacks 
this makes me worry : mayor de blasio says don't worry about isis 
mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ignore new isis video . is that irresponsible ... 
mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ignore new … 
puts all ny'ers in jeapordy lying about terrorism threat : " tell new york city to ignore new video " 
comrade mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ignore new isis video 
mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ignore new i via 
breaking : mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ignore new ...... 
[ all news ] | mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ignore new ..... |via google news 
“ fear is the oxygen of terrorism . what they’re trying to do is pump much more oxygen into the system . ” 
with isis threat for jihad in new york city , nypd's bill bratton tells people - be aware - not afraid . 

rt nice to see the consensus finally emerge that woodrow wilson was an awful president -- and a worse human being . … 
what woodrow wilson cost my grandfather : 
rt retweeted david leonard ( what woodrow wilson cost my grandfather - the new york times ... … 
rt what woodrow wilson cost my grandfather this is a valuable piece , but we need others that give contex … 
rt . prof . eric yellin's book featured in opinion piece - " what woodrow wilson cost my grandfather " https : … 
" what cost my grandfather " 
interesting 
woodrow wilson : the " idealist " who was a racist 
“ [ woodrow ] wilson was not just a racist . he believed in white supremacy as government policy ... ” ( via 
he wasn't just racist - he actively rolled back decades of progress " what history books leave out : woodrow wilson " 
what woodrow cost my grandfather : the truth shall set us free . 

homes with pilgrims and turkeys before elves and reindeer 
be careful out there , tree trimmers . 
is your home trimmed in thanksgiving decor or already decked out for upcoming holidays ? 
rt homes with pilgrims and turkeys before elves and reindeer 
decorating homes with pilgrims and turkeys before elves and … 

may be responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths since january : 
isis is responsible for civilian deaths outside of iraq and syria 
is likely responsible for nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside iraq and syria 
mr. president : isis is not " contained . " read more and rt if you agree ! 
rt the tragedy in paris is just one of many isis attacks on innocent civilians . has a timeline worth reading : http … 
rt france is taking action against isil . time for to implement to keep america and our allies safe . ht … 
rt we must implement to stop the spread of these terrorists . 
rt interactive map showing attacks around the world via -- 
visualizations | global distribution and timelines of attacks linked to or inspired by isis : 
list of isis atracks 
the inconvenient truth about " containing " isis : 
it's coming to a city near you : 
there are two countries in world which are directly responsible for the murderous butcher's support , and ... 
good graphics show seriously targeted . isis likely responsible for nearly 1,000 deaths outside iraq/syria 
yes but why mostly n meast/n africa rt isis is likely responsible 4nearly 1,000 civilian deaths outside 
is likely responsible for nearly 1k civilian deaths outside & as a result of signature brutality 
1,000 civilians killed can ( some indirectly ) be linked to isis 
rt the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 
rt but isis has a history of attacking civilian targets in non-western countries 
rt if isis is behind the it would be a major leap in the group’s abilities . … 
where isis has directed and inspired attacks around the world 

from indonesia , a muslim challenge to the ideology of the islamic state 
rt nyt : from indonesia , a muslim challenge to the ideology of the islamic state 
rt indonesia's message of tolerance is seen as a welcome antidote to jihadism . … 
the largest muslim ngo in the world takes on the ideology of isis . 
rt i asked where are the world’s muslim leaders in fight aganst isis ? answer : in indonesia , world’s largest muslim pop https://… 
from a challenge to the ideology of the 
this is a war of ideology : from indonesia , a muslim challenge to the ideology of islamic state 
from indonesia , a muslim challenge to ideology of the islamic state - nytimes 
from a to the of the < islamicstate 
countering the isis narrative takes many forms , but western govts need a strategy : 
top story : from indonesia , a muslim challenge to the ideology of the islamic st … see more 
progressive islam-ic nusantara from indonesia begins muslim challenge to ideology of islamic state 
rt " the opening salvo in a global campaign by the world’s largest muslim group to challenge [ isis head-on . " … 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : from indonesia , a muslim challenge to the ideo … see more 
indonesia takes on wahhabism . " the problem with middle east islam is they have what i call religious racism . " 
world's most populous muslim nation , challenges isis's sick ideology 
“ you flood the space and you hope people get the right messages . ” indonesian muslims lead the way against extremism . 

don't worry about turkey putting you to sleep — it's excessive carb consumption that you should be wary of 
" no , the tryptophan in turkey won’t make you sleepy " 
fact check : tryptophan in turkey does not make you sleepy . overeating does . - 
debunking one of thanksgiving's most common myths ~ william 
. turkey is overrated but your joke is a falsehood . ny times : 
the tryptophan is a lie 
be the smartest person at your table tonight !!!! urban legend destroyed !!!! 
no , the in won’t make you sleepy 
stop the myth . in turkey will not make you sleepy 
thanks to the elmhurst college chemistry and biochemistry department for the link ! 
happy thanksgiving . 
happy thanksgiving everyone ! don't blame the tryptophan ! 
a common myth suggests that the tryptophan in turkey will make you drowsy , but that’s not why you might be ready … 
no , the tryptophan in turkey won't make you sleepy - new york times 

a return to living . a show of unity . france receives a friendly embrace in england 

chicken salad from costco implicated in e . coli infections - - 
salad from . implicated in infections 
stick to homemade chicken salad this thanksgiving ! 
at least 19 people may have been infected by e . coli after eating rotisserie chicken salad sold at costco’s ,… 
business briefing : chicken salad from costco implicated in e . coli … track submission 
business briefing : chicken salad from costco implicated in e . coli infection ... 
business briefing : chicken salad from costco … 

details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 
details for bataclan attack found on cellphone in paris trash can … — via 
rt : pls flw a … 
the manhunt for the paris attackers - the new york times 
nytimes : details of the bataclan concert hall attack were found on a cellphone in a paris trash can 

british government has pledged to shut down all of the country's coal-fired power plants by 2025 
the uk is planning to close all coal plants by 2025 . so there's that ... 
calls for closing of -fired by 2025 
britain calls for closing of coal-fired power plants by 2025 
britain aims to close all coal power plants by 2025 : | first china , now britain ... this is excellent news 
bold move by ahead of paris talks : kill by 2025 . 
uk taking big step to reduce ghgs : calls for closing of coal-fired power plants by 2025 
rt amazing . great britain plans on closing all coal-fired plants by 2025 . 
icymi : uk calls for closure of all coal-fired power plants by 2025 
good news from the uk . i hope that with tony abott gone our government can now realize there is no future for coal . 
rt britain is planning on closing all its plants by 2025 . 
good news for the britain calls for end of coal-fired powerplants 
thank whomever 
rt another nail in the coffin : britain plans to close all of its power plants by 2025 … 
10 years ... its over , fossil fuels . now ! 
happy holiday season ! quinn records tm top-10 song chart for friday november 20 , 2015 is posted … 
with apologies to both queens : another one bites the dust ? britain's call to close coal-fired plants by 2025 
britain to close coal-fired power plants by 2025 
" london — the british government on wednesday called for the closing of all coal-fired power plants in the ... 
britain plans end to coal power by 2025 
the move , announced in advance of the united nations conference on climate change set to open in paris on nov . 30 , a … 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
nytimes : anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
fr . kevin o'brien , sj , read this letter as part of his homily at the 9 am mass on sunday : 
“ this little boy’s entire life will be an affront to you by being happy and free . for he will not hate you either . ” 
victim’s husband tells terrorists , ‘ i will not give you the gift of hate ’ 
snigdha samal with merl anthony and 2 others . 2 hrs · ' i will not give you the gift of hate!' perfect response ... 
probably helps to include the link . ~ hey , at least i'm still human :-) 
victim's husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
husband tells ‘ i will not give you the of 
courage : " you won't have my hate ... i will play on " not scared not mistrustful not sacrificing liberty for security 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
posted " victim’s husband tells terrorists " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
paris attacks : " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
rt it takes the grace of god to let go & let god ... 

. visiting scholar discusses the recent isis assaults & a shift in their methods 
attacks and other assaults seen as evidence of a shift by isis 
the attacks in paris and elsewhere signal a shift in the strategy of the islamic state . 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ‘ external ’ targets , officials say 
rt isis evolution to ' external ' targets ... 
“ the race is on between isis and al qaeda to see who can attack the west the best " paris attacks and shift by isis 
. was quoted in a article about what we've learned in the aftermath of the attacks on paris 
what is missing in all media's report and analyisis about daesh is their cultic nature and how do they brainwash ... 
rt paris attacks , beirut bombings and downed russian airliner seen as evidence of a shift by isis 
important : intercepted communications suggest islamic state " central " directed paris and beirut attacks . 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ' external ' targets , officials say 
rt western intelligence abandons former belief that isis was only focused on controlling the muslim world … 
rt paris attack was coordinated by isis spokesman abu muhammad al-adnani , who has directly threatened canada . … 
were the attacks on paris , the russian plane , lebanon , etc ., evidence of a shift in isis tactics ? 
rt abu muhammad al-adnani has a $5mm bounty on his head . officials say he's chief of global ops . 
rt an analysis of isis videos found that russia was threatened the most , more times even than france . http … 
recent attacks in paris ... were the 1st results of a centrally planned terrorism campaign by ... the [ isis ] leadership 
paris attacks and other assaults seen as evidence of a shift by adnani now has a $5 million bounty on his head 
top story : paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution to ‘ external ’ t … see more 
paris attacks and other assaults show isis evolution say this what happens in the face of weakness 

rt : : john kerry visited a mosque on monday in abu dhabi and urged for a bigger push against isis . http 
john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against islamic state in syr 
. would like to see the us-led military and diplomatic effort in syria “ go faster ” 
. outlines latest debate within the administration on defeating and hopes for a cease-fire in 
john kerry urging bigger push against islamic state in syria - the new york times 
nytimesworld : john kerry visited a mosque on monday in abu dhabi and urged for a bigger push against isis . … 

isis shares an image of the explosive it says brought down a russian jet 

the expanding web of connections among the paris attackers : 
rt every person implicated so far in the paris attacks has been a french or belgian citizen . none is a syrian migrant . https :/ … 
the paris attackers used facebook , not encryption … and in an isis dedicated group ! 
rt so to be clear : none of the 5 paris attackers identified so far is syrian . 
rt six of the attackers were europeans who had travelled to terrorising ordinary syrians ... 
rt 5 paris attackers were french , 1 was belgian . a look at the connections — 
expanding web of connections among the paris attackers : passports via 
rt nyt maps connections bw perpetrators of - none of the 5 that have been identified so far are http … 
rt the paris attackers used facebook , not encryption & were known to the french authorities . https :/ … 

what better way to declare the endurance of france than to live it up at a cafe , writes 
french return to cafes in a show of defiance . 
paris returns to life as normal -new york times 
rt french return to cafes and bistrots in a show of resolute determination … 
" still , they are french , and defiance seems to course through their veins " yep , that's exactly that ! 
the french are resilient . you can't keep them out of cafés ! 
rt french return to cafes in defiance via 
how terrorism fails 
rt france : " we will not let the terrorists win " america : " internment camps worked out , right ? " … 

are you after black friday deals ? 
black friday deal or dud ? how to shop smart this holiday season . 
nytimes : price-shopping and other shopping tools and apps for season 
rt just how many deals are good this black friday ? says 0.6% and tells us how to shop smarter : … 
black friday : don't part with your money anyone who can tell me which company gives their employees extra money ... 
black friday sales ! shop and earn ! 
black friday deal or dud : " only about 0.6 percent of deals online , will be good ones on 
black friday deals are fewer then you think . 
black friday deal or dud ? in a nutshell : black friday is a waste of time . 
camelcamelcamel4lyfe 
black friday bargains are fewer than you think 
cyber monday cyber monday cyber monday 

migrants arriving in germany face a chaotic reception in berlin 
but so hip & trendy ! nyt piece on berlin’s utterly chaotic reception of refugees , 
migrants arriving in face chaotic reception . "“ this is not a refugee crisis , this is administration crisis ” 
nyt piece on berlin's utterly chaotic reception of refugees , with children sleeping rough in the winter cold 
berlin journal : migrants arriving in germany face a chaotic reception in ber ... 
arriving in face a chaotic reception in berlin 

angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 

when turns itself off 
when tv turns itself off 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " on tv cancellations : https :/ … 
" pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares ... it matters . even the silly stuff . " 
choice 3 : tv turns itself off as ' art imitates life . ' good idea or should ' the show go on' ? 
why " homeland . " showtime chose to broadcast it despite the terrorist strike in paris . 
' pop culture is how we dream collectively , ' we shouldn't be surprised when extremists attack it via 
after bloodshed , tv can be cathartic , or insensitive 
rt " pop culture is how we dream collectively . and it’s how we share nightmares . " … 
rt new : on tragedy , terrorism dramas and why pulp entertainment is not just appropriate but necessary . 
james on why the tendency of tv nets to pull episodes that echo terrorist attacks isn't necessarily good 
should tv networks cancel , postpone or rearrange their schedules in response to terrorist attacks ? 

rt what travelers can expect in paris 

world war iii 
classic example of how talks to readers : paternalistic tales about good & bad guys , abridged accordingly 
great artcile on the similarities between world war 1 and the present conditions in syria & the middle east . 
“ mommy , please tell me again , how did world war i begin ? ” 
on ww iii : “ sometimes little things get bigger , ppl lose patience & perspective , there’s a spark & you get a big mess ” 
rt world war 1 started with just the killing of a couple . world war 3 ? - 
sometimes , as syria shows , little things get bigger , people lose patience , there's a spark and you get a big mess . 

iceland has more books published and read per person than anywhere else in the world 
has more published & per person than any other country . 📚 via . 

as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality 
rt my short post on fb's french flag debacle , and how the lebanese flag made it to profile pics without facebook's help h … 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — vía nytimesworld 
facebook french flag profile picture change erupts inequality discussion via 
damned if you do , damned if you don't! complaints of inequality for french flag filter . via 

rt this 3-week-old girl is the last known ebola patient in active treatment in the world … 

rt nubia 1st baby to survive ebola having been born to infected mother … 
new ebola death in liberia days after nyt publishes looks like is still having trouble managing flow of info 
guinea : last nation with ebola , may soon be declared free of virus 
last patient receiving active ebola treatment had to post twice bc seriously this article is everything ! 👏🏻👏🏻 
celebrating baby nubia , possibly the ebola epidemic's last patient 
remember the last " keep ' em out of our state ! " scare ? 
guinea , last nation with may soon be declared free of virus 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night , nothing felt like everything . 

macy’s thanksgiving day parade 
macy’s thanksgiving day parade . happy thanksgiving ! 
macy's thanksgiving day parade 
the parade goes on with balloons , bands and visible security . 

rt he took a bloodied drumstick from backstage at the bataclan concert hall before he escaped … 

the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to residents and commuters 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
top story : retweets paris : updates on the terror attacks - … see more 
points : the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to resid … 

abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant frm belgium whose family wanted him dead 

rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 
rt . abdelhamidabaaoud , isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 

eagles of death metal make first statement on paris attacks 
rock and roll will stand . 
\m/ “ love overshadows evil . ” \m/ 
story eagles of death metal make first state … see more 
the band , which was headlining at the bataclan on friday when gunmen stormed the venue , said on f ... via 

rt husband remembers his wife , " merry , with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids " … 
husband remembers his wife , " merry , with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids " vi … 
nytimes : husband remembers his wife , " merry , with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids " … 

rt where isis claims it has struck , and why 

experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo 
icymi : nov 18 : bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo cc 
rt bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo : 
" the photograph alone cannot establish that the isis accomplished any of this " 
was it wise of to give everone helpful instructions for making isis depiction of a soda can bomb operable ? 
on the isis soda-can bomb photo — via 
bomb experts analyze the soda-can bomb photo 
bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo - the new york times ambienteod this is all it takes . 
information about the bomb that isis claims took down the russian plane - tav 
the photo of the purported can-bomb that isis claims it put on the russian jet " could be calculated misinformation " 
bomb experts analyze the isis " soda can " device . short summary : easy to build , not very sophisticated . 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb ph … see more 
interesting read on the opinion of bomb experts on the schweppes gold device 
bomb experts analyse the soda-can bomb photo . 

victims , remembered 
rt the victims of the paris attacks included an architect , a student , and music fans . here are some of their stories . … 
rt moving portraits of paris victims : 
nov . 25 , 2015 - - the victims of paris , remembered 
rt most of the people killed in the attacks in paris were young and out having fun . here are some of their stories . https://… 
heart touching stories of the young people who lost their lives in 

behind russian jet’s downing , building tensions and frustrations ... via nytimes 
rt note how seamlessly the narrative moves from turkmen villages " bombed by to backed rebels … 
range of frustrations reached boil as turkey shot down russian jet : 
end of this article suggests putin may call erdogan's bluff by stepping up airstrikes on turkey's border & allies . 
many in turkey further upset by russia’s treatment of crimean tatars , who speak a turkic language & crimea invasion 
russian & ottoman empires battled for centuries for control over the area from the balkans to the black sea 
range of frustrations reached boil in turkey as turkey shot down russian jet 
when will folks get it through their heads that putin is not in syria to defeat isis 
rt mounting frustration in turkey over russia's actions in syria -- and political pressure -- prompted shoot down of su-24 htt … 
the lede of this story is a sign of scary times . a year or so ago , it would be hard to imagine such a sentence . 
rt new york times today : range of frustrations reached boil as shot down russian jet <= turkey = supporter > https : … 
. a turkey shot down a russian jet ? 
built up before downing of jet 
essential background to of 
... turkey shot down russian jet ... russia of all people should understand irredentism ? 
range of frustrations reached boil as shot down russian jet - the new york times 
must-read analysis : turkey-russia tensions fused in ethnicity , territory and hisorical power struggle : via 

" how amazon’s long game yielded a retail juggernaut " 
you need faith in your idea but be open to changing trends . great piece on amazon by in 
as we approach black friday : “ growth in prime subscriptions matters because prime alters the psychology of shopping ” 
a look at how amazon owns distribution : 
in praise of the long game ( sort of ): on ' how amazon's long game yielded a retail juggernaut ' 
says consumers spend 3x more after joining prime b/c it alters psychology , do you agree ? 
rt wow ! by 2020 , " conservatively " , amazon will have 50% of us households signed up for prime ! … 
. ' s enormous investments in infrastructure & logistics have begun to pay off 
amazon’s long game ... simply amazing 
amazon is a juggernaut . 
how amazon’s long game yielded a juggernaut 
how yielded a retail juggernaut 
how amazon's long game resulted in a retail juggernaut > < 
rt it is predicted that by 2020 , 50 percent of american households will have joined prime . stunning . … 
how long game yielded a juggernaut 
amazon . how huge and dominant will they someday be ? 
how my favorite company did it and does it . 
how long game yielded a retail juggernaut 
rt how amazon’s long game yielded a juggernaut 
mt wow ! by 2020 , " conservatively " , amazon will have 50% of us households signed up for prime ! 
rt amazon - has hit a market cap of usd 310 billion . its reaping the benefits of truly thinking long term . … 
there is a simple explanation for amazon’s rise , and also a second , more complicated one , amazon web services . 

xi jinping announces overhaul of china’s military forces 
jinping announces overhaul of china's military forces - new york times 
top story : retweets xi jinping announces overhaul of china’… see more 
the president said the changes would take years and were essential to creating a more nimb ... 

targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs 
rt overuse & over interpretation of medical tests rampant in our culture fda cracking down on poor … 
rt f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests . so many tests = surrogates of doctoring . when will listening be in vogue ? htt … 
mammaprint test has clearance but fda cites separate , unapproved test in new report . ny times story : 
mammaprint test has clearance but fda cites a separate , unapproved test in new report . ny times story : 
rt targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs . proper decisions require proper information . … 
is on everyone's mind , and one is unnecessary tests 
rt f.d.a. targets inaccurate lab medical tests , citing dangers and costs what about home use glucose … 
f.d.a. targets inaccurate lab medical tests , citing dangers and costs what about home use glucose meters ? 
targets inaccurate citing dangers & costs 
laboratory tests need much more oversight : 
according to concludes laboratory-developed tests have harmed patients due to inaccuracies 
fda targets inaccurate medical tests : " problems are more prevalent than people want to recognize , " 
the fda targets inaccurate medical tests , citing the dangers and costs . 
regulating reliability of laboratory tests : harm unknown because adverse events not tracked . 
rt fredhutch : fda targets inaccurate medical tests : " problems are more prevalent than people want to recogni … 
twitter doctors f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests , citing d … see more 
" targets inaccurate tests , citing dangers and costs , " as thousands get unnecessary operations & 

. refuses to lower list price of 
remember when he said he'd lower the price of daraprim , then everyone forgot about it ? well he's not 
. - this is hurting patients and the industry ! shameful ! turing refuses to lower list price of daraprim 
martin shkreli , who cranked up a generic toxoplasmosis drug from $13.50 to $750 a pill continues to be an asshole . 
rt there it is . refuses to lower list price of details 
rt true to its disgusting core refuses to lower price of critical medication 
rt just an fyi that refuses to lower list price of drug . don’t believe the hype … 
remember martin shkreli ? he said he would drop the price of daraprim , the drug whose price he gouged . he lied . 
turing new price of toxo drug "“ this is , as the saying goes , nothing more than lipstick on a pig , ” - tm horn 
turing drug corp kills people w/outrageous pricing on diaprim that prevents malaria & treats parasitic infections . 
refuses to lower list price of toxoplasmosis via 
slightly different take on turing in nyt vs . wsj 
disappointing but not surprising . 
rt turing's latest move 
guess thanksgiving means zip to turing pharma and martin shkreli 
" turing refuses to lower list of toxoplasmosis as $750 a pill will be the main price to pay . 
turing pharmaceuticals decides not to lower the price of the drug that they so dramatically increased from $13.50 ... 
scumbag tries to sneak this by right before holiday turing refuses to lower price of toxoplasmosis drug 
i'm a primary prevention guy , but this drug price gouging is an outrage . 
$kbio shrekeli to world : fuck u .... kbio is a pr ploy which won't work , just cement reputation as master asshole 
doubling down on rx pricing : market failure invites a [ regulatory ] backlash 

thanksgiving hotline bling . 
we are there for you , thanksgiving cooks . last-minute tips : 

rt " live from new york " it's equal time for john kasich , mike huckabee , james gilmore & lindsey graham after trump … 
a few of trump's rivals are getting their equal time from a few nbc affiliates . 
nytimes : nbc stations in iowa , new hampshire , so . carolina grant trump/snl-inspired equal time to 4 gop candidates . 
donald hosting means equal airtime for rivals 
" donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals " 
" just don't do it " trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals 
trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals viewers in iowa . 
donald trump's hosting of ' s . n . l . ' means equal airtime for rivals ( 
donald trump's hosting of ' snl ' means equal airtime for rivals - new york times 
ben carson : " i don’t know if , on the basis of that , you can say all muslims are bad people ” what ?! 
trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime 4 rivals how about equal time 4 latinos , muslims , blacks ?!! 
george pataki , et al . bravely fight for equal airtime with donald trump on saturday night live 
first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for … 
rt wow . trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for rivals . 
( first draft : donald trump’s hosting of ‘ s . n . l . ’ means equal airtime for riv ... ( shaquille ) 

5 are shot near minneapolis protests , police say 
meanwhile in america : 3 white males sought as 5 are shot near minneapolis protests 
gunfire on black lives matter protestors monday night , 5 shot 
5 are shot near minneapolis protests . police search for three white men wearing masks . 
protestors shot at a closing borders won't help if the enemy is within . 
5 activists were shot by white supremicists near a minneapolis police station : 
5 protestor shot in minneapolis , police say 
this hurts my heart . 
5 are shot at protests , 
5 shot " near " protest . i'm sure the passive , random tone of this headline is unintentional . 😑 
5 shot at minneapolis protest , by 

in many obamacare markets , renewal is not an option - 
last year , we encouraged returning customers to shop around . this year , some people have no choice 
in many markets , renewal is not an option 
why and assistance is essential in 
interesting read .... 
rt nytimes-getting a plan from c o-o p running at a loss is a " bargain " -in many obamacare markets , renewal not an option https : … 
in obamacare markets , renewal is not an option cost up 25% + in corpus christi via 
rt if you like the plan you were required to buy after we canceled the plan you liked , you can't keep it . 
dem health scheme plans disappear 
rt nyt : surprise ! you can't keep your plan again this year ! 
nyt maps discuss interesting facts of affordability , renewals , and via 

rt the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 

for market debut , square scales back valuation by $3 billion - 
what is driving the private & public valuation arbitrage ? 
rt square prices its i.p.o. at $9 : the price of $9 a share is below the marketed range , a sign that the party for ... … 
rt all this valuation/ratchet talk ! the entire dilution is $87m , or 3% . it's really nbd . … 
for its i.p.o. , square scales back valuation by $3 billion 
for its scales back by $3 billion 
current unicorn valuations create ipo overhang for two decades 
happy holiday season ! quinn records tm top-10 song chart for friday november 20 , 2015 is posted … 
" square " scales back says ... 
for its ipo , square scales back valuation by $3 billion 
for market debut , square scales back valuation by billion - new york times 
for its i.p.o. , scales back valuation by $3 billion 
for its scales back valuation by $3 billion 
whatever the share price , today's ipo is a big day for and and their plans : 
square's ipo on the nyse was $3-billion less than its valuation last year - via 
square prices its ipo at $9 ; do you guys anticipate buying any shares ? 
weakening ipo market for tech : square prices its i.p.o. at $9 
top news square prices its i.p.o. at $9 , lower than hoped see more 
top story : square prices its i.p.o. at $9 , lower than hoped see more 
update : square prices its i.p.o. at $9 , lower than hoped see more 
. scales back ipo to $3b , opens on nyse at $11.20 per share : via 
for its i.p.o. , stock priced at $9 , will it be $5 by christmas ? 
a market correction for valuing " unicorns ? " square ipo's at $9/share , less than $11-13 sought 
hope is not a strategy , real companies make money . square scales back valuation by $3 billion 
double bummer : 1 ) downsized round 2 ) below filing range . here's hoping post ipo trading goes well . 
from nytimes : for its square scales back by $3 billion : … 
square " only " got a $2.9 b valuation . for perspective : same valuation as bank of hawaii , founded-1897 . square-2009 . 

review : in ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter 
excited for this !! and since his interview on ellen , always been curious with fruitvale station . 
creed contains a “ what’s a jawn ? ” moment ? definitely all in now . 
actually quite pleased that this rocky spinoff/revial is getting good reviews . 
applause & tears when the bill conti score plays . is terrific , says - 
sarah silverman spoiler alert - everyone dies in the end ( or perhaps during the ... 
for once , the review is as good as the trailer ! 
for rocky and stallone fans , like myself , rocky is back - in ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter 
at a recent screening of as the familiar fanfare of bill conti's beloved “ rocky ” score signaled the 
" a boxing movie without clichés is like a political campaign without lies . " 
this review of is spot on . go see it . review : in . ' creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter 
review : in ' creed , ' rocky's back , as a mentor , not a fighter 
rt gonna fly now 
so proud to have been at preview for this triumphant film ! : in ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter 
trailer : ‘ creed ’ 
: in ‘ , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter 
ao scott's review of ‘ creed . ’ for creed ii i want to see him go up against a syrian heavyweight . 
wow , the loves creed --->> ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter 
what a great review --> in ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter h/t 
arts at new york times : review : in ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a f … see more 
first of two weekend movie prospects .... seems like the ny times is cool with creed . 
just said y'day after watching " southpaw " need great boxing flicks - review : in ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor 
consider me intrigued . in ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter : via 
karmyn : a . o . scott picked creed as a nytimes critics ' pick ! 
a . o . scott picked creed as a critics ' pick ! 

is changing its focus 
nytimes : is changing its focus 

who passes ‘ commander in chief test’ ? • obama was born a shiite muslim . his " christian " pastor is a converted muslim ! 
reupping this from yesterday : how 2016 may mirror 2004 on national security 
after paris , who passes the ‘ commander in chief test’ ? 

" no , kissing bugs are not a new scourge " 
kissing bugs are raising concerns , but they've been in the united states a long time 6 facts 
rt nope , there's not a " kissing bug " epidemic underway 
despite a sudden surge in news reports , the bugs have been in the united states for a long ... 
while we're on the subject of facts , stop worrying about " kissing bugs . " 

fact checks of the 2016 election 
fact check : donald trump says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
the new york times will be checking assertions made throughout the 2016 presidential campaign . 
fact checks of the u.s. 2016 election 
facts are not an element for some candidates . 
fact check : donald says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
well , this is fun , and horrible 
fact checks of the election - the new york times 
the herald news took pains to discredit what paterson officials were calling “ hateful gossip . ” 
fact check : marco rubio says ted cruz undermined intelligence programs 
fact checks of the 2016 usa elections 
" it is not ... anything that can be seen or heard or handled , but .... something that is imagined " 
one fact-checker to rule them all : today launches the first column as our in-house " doubting thomas . " 

rt beautiful ender in today's pictures of the day slideshow 
pictures of the day : france and elsewhere 
rt women worshiped the setting sun while celebrating a hindu festival in mumbai . more photos https :/ … 
a migrant boy with a thermal blanket on the shore of the greek island of lesbos 
photos of the day 

france launches new airstrikes on isis in syria 
heavy gunfire erupts as french police seek suspects in raid 
experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
belgian suspect in paris had been target of strikes on isis in syria 
heavy gunfire , suicide , as french police raid paris terror suspects ' way station / nytimes 
2 dead , 7 arrested in a raid this morning in a paris neighborhood . officials were targeting the mastermind behind ... 
heavy gunfire erupts as seek in raid 
second suspect in paris attacks sought . 
heavy gunfire erupts as police seek suspects in raid 
paris attacks suspect was target of strikes on isis in syria 
second suspect is sought in paris attacks 

really important to keep facts together when we talk about the process of approval can take ... 
rt “ the last thing a refugee agency wants to do is give in to this un-american , political and knee-jerk reaction . ” … 
rt indiana gov's ban on syrian refugees forces aid groups to scramble to find family a home https :/ … 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees shame on you gov . pence ! 
foundation grantee makes national news . 
after being vetted/waiting for 3 yrs - 11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 
we put the well being of the refugee family ahead of politics . 
indianapolis or new haven .... if you ask me they lucked out . 
syrian refugees deserve better . insane to be turned away from states after such an arduous journey to resettlement 
one ? here : will fed settle refugees in all states ? as long as other states are willing , no need to push . 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as bars syrian refugees 
this is why i will sink connecticut into the long island sound . 
nov . 19 , 2015 - - syrian family diverted from indiana after governor denies admission 
rt 11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars 
bravo connecticut for accepting this syrian family that was turned away by the state of indiana . 
11th-hour detour puts family in ct as indiana bars syrian refugees ; excellent description of refugee vetting . 
indiana goes on my boycott list . a shameful . 
rt indiana asked private refugee agency to redirect syrian refugees family , and agency then found them a new home https://… 
yes ! opening doors and hearts when hateful governors don't . thank you , new haven ! 

" is hillary clinton’s challenge a glass ceiling or a glass curtain ? " 
challenge or that of men uncomfortable with strong woman leader ? via 
“ many feel that they cannot relate to or trust her ... uneasiness about their ability to connect with her . ” 
. " must break through with voters , a challenge she is having trouble overcoming . " 
“ many feel that they cannot relate to or trust her " peter hart on clinton after an ohio focus group 
is clinton's challenge a glass ceiling or a glass curtain ? 
ohioans may vote for hillary clinton , whether they can relate to her is another thing . 
first draft : is hillary clinton’s challenge a glass ceiling or a glass curta ... 
first draft : is hillary clinton’s challenge a … 

california judge orders frozen destroyed - 
judge orders frozen embryos destroyed 
feminist caterwauling in 3 , 2 , 1 … 
california judge orders frozen embryos of divorced couple destroyed 
when lose the right to have children in divorce cases , it regresses our cause too far back 

e . coli outbreak linked to costco chicken salad , c.d.c says - - 
e . coli stec o157 : h7 outbreak in us is linked to costco chicken salad , us cdc says 
e . coli outbreak linked to costco chicken salad , cdc says - new york times 
if you bought rotisserie chicken salad at costco last week , don't eat it . an e . coli outbreak : 
e . coli outbreak linked to costco chicken salad ,… 
still no statement from on e . coli outbreak linked to chicken salad 

check out christian bale with his ‘ big short ’ actors talk about the debt crisis 
actors of ‘ the big short ’ talk about the debt crisis , in beverly hills 
trailer : ' the big short ' 
movie adaptation of the big short with ryan gosling and finn wittrock ? yes please . 
the nyt asks ryan gosling & steve carell about synthetic collateralized debt obligations 
' the big short ’ actors steve carell , ryan gosling and finn wittrock discuss the debt crisis - via 
to be fair , i’m not entirely sure i could accurately define a cdo either . 
" editor’s note : that’s actually the definition of a cdo squared . " actors of the big short talk about the debt crisis 
" i thought i knew but i didn't know anything at all . " -- actors of ‘ the big short ’ talk about the debt crisis 
actors of ' the big short ' talk about the debt crisis , in beverly hills - new york times 
can't wait to see this !! " actors of ‘ the big short ’ talk about the debt crisis " 
we gotta go see this 
also re `big short ' : channels on traders " zegna vs canali - there’s a real difference " 
hey girl , let me short that for you 
steve carell attempts to define a synthetic cdo : ( via 

rt a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package … 

the ski sweater hits the runway , and the streets 
sweaters for the slopes — or the streets 
rt sweaters for the slopes — or the streets 

storm system batters colorado and 
same storm blocked both co residents in the snow and brought tornadoes to tx tuesday 

small shops take pride in turnin 
true american values . thanks for sharing 
is black friday on its way out ? 
how some small retailers are shunning black friday good stuff from 
we are closed all week including friday , reopen sat 11/28 . have a great thanksgiving ! we are not alone in closing : 
interesting decision for small businesses on black friday ! 
check out this new york times article featuring our friends over at curds and wine , and don't forget to support ... 
bucking the trend ... or starting a new one . 
rt lots of small retailers are refusing to play ball with 

an african king in 
rt a simple , humble african king in bolivia 
from randall's page 
" ... to the king ! " 
features communities that are home to approximately 2% of uac-cp students . 
this modest monarch can trace his lineage to west africa , where his ancestor prince uchicho was enslaved in 1820 . 
lost royalty ? 
how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia via 
new article in nytimes about the afro-bolivian king , julio pinedo ... 

what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis 
boingboing : rt nytimes : what we know so far about the police raid in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis … 

frozen lion cubs still have their fur 12,000 years later 
two ice age lion cubs found frozen in siberian permafrost . 
there is a place called the kingdom of permafrost museum ..! i want to visit . 
a furry pair of lion cubs born in the ice age have been found " perfectly frozen " in the siberian arctic 
frozen lion cubs found in siberia still have their fur 12,000 years later 
cute little cave lion , only 12,000 years old : 
frozen lion cubs still have their fur 12000 years later - new york times 

new york times travel alert or no , many in us are determined to go places for thanksgivin … 
facing tougher security measures 
holiday travelers facing tougher security measures 
despite travel alert , many in u.s. are determined to go places for - 
travel alert or no , many in u.s. are determined to go places for thanksgiving 
rather obvious , but allow for extra time while traveling over the holidays . traffic & security are both high . 
travel alert or no , many are bent on going places 
amid myriad threats and obstacles , americans resolve nevertheless to keep calm and on . 
travel alert or no , many in us are determined to go places for thanksgiving - new york times 
facing tougher measures 
americans are likely to see longer security lines and more careful screening during the holiday period . but ai ... 

" pop facebook quiz : should you take it ? " 
stick to quizzes that just let you share the results without logging in with your facebook account , such as buzzfeed 
why those quizzes on could be stealing your data ... 
new release : cd baby page is ready for gene poo poo man anderson : funky for santa claus ( live ) .… 
cute facebook quizzes may pose more privacy danger than thought . 
if you take quizzes , your privacy may not be so private 
are you one of 17 million people that have taken the most-often-used words on facebook ? if you have to login with ... 
facebook quizzes can be " privacy nightmare " . 
your tweet is now famous ( kind of ) . :) 
take a facebook quiz ? possibly bye bye privacy . 
pop should you take it ? 
hundreds of quizzes created by a single company on facebook are creating a privacy concern : via 
hundreds of facebook quizzes created by a single company are creating a privacy concern 
apply for 200 vacant posts of probationary officer in junior management grade / scale-i i … 
that cute quiz is a privacy nightmare , using " ... what’s listed on public profiles and friends lists . the ... 
online security experts call facebook quiz a " privacy nightmare " by via 
word cloud facebook quiz : " security experts are now calling this practice a nightmare " 
turns out , there is a dangerous side to quizzes 
pop quiz : should you take it ? - 

activists vow not to cower after 5 are shot 
rt black lives matters activists vow not to cower after 5 are shot 
rt now 2 men held in shooting of 5 at minneapolis black lives matter protest 
rt armed white supremacy is the terrorist threat america must confront . everything else is a distraction . … 
rt activists vow not to cower after 5 are shot . … 
rt activists vow not to cower after 5 are shot https … 
eligon , j . and a . southall “ 2 men held in shooting of 5 at minneapolis black lives matter protest ” nyt , 24 nov 2015 
rt " black lives matter " marchers march on - even after domestic terrorists shot 5 of them . … 
“ not one of the officers came off the wall . we all said , ‘ why aren’t you doing anything ? ’” 
minneapolis police do not care about good relations w african americans & is a city the doj needs to investigate . 
black lives matter vow not to cower after 5 are shot 
gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of police in minneapolis 
rt in mn , 5 black lives matter protesters were shot and wounded while they were demonstrating . 3 white male suspects . … 
domestic terrorism : 
volkswagen is subject of german tax inquiry 
2 men held in shooting of 5 at minneapolis black lives matter protest - new york time 
" lives matter vow not to cower after 5 are shot , " as continues to protest . 
this . 
tell me again about the syrian refugees when we have these deranged white males here on the loose ? 
this is happening in our home . 5 peaceful protesters are shot by white supremacists 
" minneapolis — as the police arrested three people on tuesday in connection with the shooting of five people ... 
protesters can't let shootings of activists stop them because there's ... 
gunmen shoot 5 at minneapolis black lives matter protest - new york times 
rt trump says maybe black lives matter activist " should have been roughed up . " now , 5 are shot . not claiming causality . … 
rt man held in shooting of 5 at minneapolis black lives matter protest : the man was one of three suspects , all de ... http … 

security forces swarmed a paris suburb during an early-morning raid 

. will end in december : via how sad ! i've been to some of these tapings . 
it was delicious ! after 22 seasons , e ! will bid farewell as celebrates its final season in december 
the soup will end in december -i haven't watched it in ages . yet , i'm still sad . 
‘ the soup ’ will end in december 
nyt : "‘ the soup ’ will end in december " by jeremy egner . 
"‘ the soup ’ will end in december " by egner 
" the soup " will end in december as the second commenter wrote , nooooooooo ! 
& soup & will end in december 
rt rt : ‘ the soup ’ will end in december after 22 seasons 
awful news ! e!'s is ending ! 
wtf ?! first letterman , then stewart , now this ? anyone need a dvr ? mine will no longer be of much use in my apartment 
be the snarky commentary on bad tv that you want to see in the world 
artsbeat | ' the soup ' will end in december - new york times ( blog ) 

" we who provide abortions do so because our patients need us " - dr. willie parker 
why i provide abortions : 
must read - from why i provide abortions 
" we know that when women have access to abortion , contraception and medically accurate sex education , they thrive . " 
rt why i provide abortions by dr. willie j parker for 
rt for health professionals like dr. willie parker , providing care is also about compassion for women : … 
" i want for women what i want for myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determination " dr. willie parker 
ob-gyn provides abortions in south because de facto bans deny self-determination , dignity , opportunity to thrive 
laws that restrict access to abortion do nothing to make it safer , only less accessible . - dr. wille parker 
rt abortion provider willie parker is doing the lord's work . let him tell you why : 
as shabbat approaches & we reflect on the week , we express gratitude to dr. parker 
rt " we who provide abortions do so because our patients need us . " ~ dr. willie j . parker ❤ ︎ 
" .. women face harsh life circumstances & incessant hostility , merely for wanting to exercise their rights " 
rt after a morning of helping students learn about abortion , this article rings especially true : … 
thank you , dr. willie parker ! = human rights 
rt why dr. parker is an abortion provider : " because i can ... because if i don’t , who will ? " … 
as this doc brags of his " compassion " for women , you'll find his sole mention of a child in paragraph 11 . 
rt inspired & strengthened by dr. willie parker's commitment to women's health . https … 
" i want 4 women what i want 4 myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determin8n & opprtnity 2 excel & contribute . " 
rt " i want for women what i want for myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determination & the opportunity to excel . " … 

this recipe for rigatoni will set you up for 
rigatoni sets you up for thanksgiving - - 

at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one 
rt front page tomorrow : princeton confronts woodrow wilson's ugly legacy 
wilson's 8 yr reign as prez of princeton no blacks were admitted ; though harvard n yale had done so decades earlier 
prez wilson , a great kkkk rose up to rid whites of the burden of govments sustained by the votes of ignorant negroes 
teaching history vs . supporting 
kudos to princeton students but be careful , racist politicians & their policies are on both sides of the isle 
at princeton , addressing a racist legacy and seeking to remove woodrow wilson’s name 
this week race & the politics of history divides students at another us university 
which legacy should be the lasting one ? princeton ponders woodrow wilson : 
there is a bit of schadenfreude in what is happening at princeton right now in regards to woodrow wilson . for ... 
you should be scared , not for the armed poultry though ... 
rt racism has a unique characteristic in that after it trickles down through society , it goes right back up : … 
dear white people , here is an example of decision that is not hard . it is a no-brainer , in fact . wilson's name ... 
. profile of wilson’s racist views omits his party affiliation . 
woodrow wilson naming and shaming at princeton - whatever would they would think if they considered craigavon ? 
i am super tempted to read the comment section ... but i know that no good can come of that exploration . 
been learning a lot about president wilson lately . lots of stuff left out of history books . 
his loved " birth of a nation " - just saying : at princeton , woodrow wilson is recast as an intolerant one 
princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one • a bastardly anti-semite " gentleman . " 
wilson , a heralded princeton alum , recast as an intolerant one . let's not forget his praise for birth of a nation 
princeton , which admitted its first black student in the 1940s , reassesses the legacy of president woodrow wilson 
not recast - just the truth finally coming out . woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one 
it's amazing how money can erase bigotry from history , or at least , camouflage it's presence ! 
as & therefore how do you feel seeing this play out w/marginalized in ... 
take off the name of racist woodrow wilson because his image is tarnished and he lacks the good character needed ... 
" at woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as " a on campus . 
renewed efforts among students , faculty , board , and alumni to discuss 
fucken negros suck its always something with u mutts 
so progressive : “ cultural competency training ” & " dedicated housing .... for those interested in black culture " 
democrats have always been racist ! -at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as intolerant racist 
rt are we also going to get rid of all greco-roman architecture , and the name of every dude and woman who was sexist ? https :/ … 
“ if the criteria for naming a building for someone was that they’d be perfect , we shouldn’t name buildings . ” 
as princeton recasts wilson as unworthy of recognition , who follows ? northwestern ? get out your history books . 
erasing history , or acknowledging racial realities ? 

u.s. general said the strike on a doctors without borders hospital in kunduz was " avoidable " 
u.s. general says kunduz hospital strike was ‘ avoidable ’ 
rt msf kunduz trauma center mistakenly targeted because ‘ roughly matched ’ a description of an intended target … 
rt several us service members suspended over hospital bombing — suspensions are not enough ! … 
rt msf hospital in kunduz was attacked because it was the closest large building to a field . … 
come on , america ! you can do better than this : 
u.s. general says hospital strike was ‘ avoidable ’ 
more questions than answers in general's statement about afghan hospital bombing . 
us general says kunduz hospital strike was ' avoidable ' - new york times 
" special operations troops did not follow the rules of engagement " 
yannmsf : u.s. general says hospital strike was ‘ avoidable ’ 
us military suspends members over kunduz hospital strike - new york times 
rt u.s. military suspends members over kunduz hospital strike 
a top american general said the strike on the hospital in kunduz was due to an " avoidable human error . " 
rt an ' avoidable ' ' tragic mistake ' or criminal negligence ? let an decide ! … 
more lies from the government to cover their tracks the word ‘ avoidable ’ is a slap in the face . 
a top american general said the strike on the hospital in kunduz was due to an " … 
pentagon maybe taking the whole " bury news by releasing it on a holiday " media strategy a bit too far . - 
a top american general said the strike on the hospital in kunduz was due to … 
rt u.s. general says kunduz msf hospital strike was ‘ avoidable ’ cold blooded mass murder always is … 

ousted founder of men’s wearhouse watches his old company struggle 
rt the former face of men's wearhouse watches his old company struggle - new york times : new york timesthe former ... http … 
" the famed author and new-age guru deepak chopra was on the board . " ousted founder of men’s wearhouse watches ... 
george zimmer is the dad that walks into his kid's dorm and reks the pong table ( 
george zimmer , founder of men's warehouse . seems like someone i'd get along with . 
a tale told too frequently 
the pac man defense to a hostile takeover . 
" it’s curious we’ve allowed capitalism to become all about shareholders . ” ousted founder of men’s wearhouse 
lessons from men's warehouse implosion : " it's curious we’ve allowed capitalism to become all about shareholders . " - 
saw your ny times article . much kudos and huge inspriation ! thank you . 
without its founder men’s wearhouse lost its soul 
rt oddly , not the first mw acquisition that i thought was destined to become a b-school case . … 
great article on the ousted founder of men’s wearhouse watching his old company struggle 
life isn’t about getting knocked down . we all get knocked down at some point.it’s about getting back up . 
rt best part about zimmer's return to men's wearhouse : first thing he did was use the restroom . https :/ … 
interesting article on suits and corporate mergers : 
rt the founder of ( the now struggling ) men’s wearhouse on getting fired by his handpicked board … 
profile of men's warehouse guy's phase 2 is fascinating look at cutthroat capitalism : 
rt you're not going to like the way your old company looks . i guarantee it . 
ousted founder of men’s wearhouse admits a touch of schadenfreude as the company struggles 
two years ago , george zimmer was pushed out of the company closely associated with his face . now its stock is suffering , while he has started two online businesses . 

" i wasn't going to write " talking paris with kids " until i saw how beautifully this dad handled it : " 
one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers 
one french parent to his son , “ they may have guns , but we have flowers ” 
motherlode blog : one parent , on paris : they might have guns , 
some of us help . some bring flowers . some can't help but bring their fear . talking paris w/ kids 
they have guns . we have flowers . talking to kids at different ages about paris : 
a little boy and his father converse about the paris attacks . what happens at the end is really sweet ... 
seriously dad of the year- you must see this : via 
a precious conversation : " they might have guns , but we have flowers " 
how do we talk to our kids about paris ? via 
look for the helpers , appreciate the flowers , and don’t let fear stop you . ❤ ️ 
this is a great article for us parents trying to find the right words when talking to our kids in times of tragedy . 
in the wake of tragedy : " don’t let fear stop you from being the person you want to be when the worst happens " 

aung san suu kyi has moved toward dominance in myanmar . her words have become provocative . 

awakening to a raid upstairs , and explosions - new york times : abc newsawakening to a raid upstairs , and explo ... 

first same-sex marriage ceremony held in ireland 
world briefing | europe ; ireland : first gay marriage is held 
congrats to cormac gollogly & richard dowling , first couple to legally marry ! 
" ireland’s first same-sex marriage ceremony was held tuesday in county tipperary after the new marriage ... 

betty crocker’s absurd , gorgeous atomic-age creations 
here's a great piece on the gelatin-encased , mayo-smothered monstrosities of the past . 
check out these absurd atomic-age creations from betty crocker ! just in time for thanksgiving :) 
" thus were foods bound or imprisoned . " betty crocker's recipes , brave , lurid soldiers in the cold war ... 
rt planning thanksgiving dinner ? here's a visual banquet from the last century - - lots of betty cro … 
planning thanksgiving dinner ? here's a visual banquet from the last century - - lots of betty crocker 
join our cookbook book club ! our first meeting is december 8 at 6:30 . 
betty crocker’s midcentury recipes evoke the era’s peculiar optimism , encased in gelatin & smothered in mayonnaise . 
rt . magazine . photography : & https :/ … 

rt bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo 

7 bryant park embraces its place in the 
this piece on 7 bryant park in manhattan is great , has me thinking about buildings playing off spaces in seattle . 
hmm . / last week / this week 
7 bryant park embraces its place in city •go to for a great website with wise advice on life 
7 bryant park .... the newest office gem built thanks to the revival of bryant park 
two conclusions from this article : i need to visit 7 bryant park , and i need to read whatever harry cobb has written 

anonymous hackers fight isis but reactions are mixed 
anonymous hackers fight isis but reactions are mixed - nytimes 
wholesale efforts to block twitter activity sometimes sweep up journalists and others who track .. 
anonymous fight but reactions are mixed - 
all good things cause some negative reactions . in this case , the good outweighs the harm by far ! 
mixed reviews as anonymous hackers combat is 
mixed reactions to cyberwarfare on effective curbing of recruitment or indiscriminate vigilantism ? 
anonymous hackers fight but reactions are mixed 
rt anonymous says it shut down thousands of isis-related social media accounts . security experts have mixed feelings . https :/ … 
anonymous declares cyber war on isis 
nyt ideology piece exemplifies why liberals won't shut down isis recruiting websites 
rt this is the nyt mentioning opparis twitter and ghostsec .. 
rt is is an insignificant statistical threat . stop spreading fear & war propaganda exaggerating the threat . pol sol . https … 
rt cybervigilantism- and the netizens taking on - but not everyone is convinced 

the 911 system isn’t ready for the iphone era 
fcc chief : us must upgrade to next-generation 9-1-1 . 
the 911 system duterte has the latest emergency 911 system just ike usa but why ph so behind . 
the system isn’t ready for the era 
great piece by tom wheeler fcc chairman on how we need to improve our 911 infrastructure . 
recognizes the power and the need of 911 to fully make use of this next-generation technology 
an educational opinion article from tom wheeler , chairperson of the fcc on next generation 911 ... 
the 911 system is not ready for the iphone era 
rt in op-ed , fcc's wheeler calls for federal funding to help 911 centers upgrade to handle texts , photos … 
mt 911 emergency system established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more at 10/11c . 
rt the 911 emergency system was established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more a … 
the 911 emergency system was established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more at 10/11c . 
. chairman tom wheeler calls on congress to help states update an antiquated 911 system : 
" 911 handle about 240 million calls a year [ .. ] but many local 911 call centers can’t receive a text , photo or video " 
911 isn't fully ready for what the world expects , is it ? nena - national emergency number association's oped ... 
the 911 system isn't ready for the iphone era - new york times 
the 911 system isn’t ready for the internet era 
fcc chairman , tom wheeler , wrote a great ' plain english ' op-ed about the next years ahead for 9-1-1 . today in the ne … 
i like this idea very much : the 911 system isn’t ready ... 
opinion | the 911 system isn’t ready for the era - the new york times 
the system isn’t ready for the iphone era 
very important read : 
article from the 911 system isn’t ready for the era 
nyt op ed by on ( spoiler alert ! he's for it . ) 
" many local 911 call centers can’t receive a text , photo or video from a person in need " 
this is a big reason why nys ought to be returning more of the 911phone surcharge funds back to local government . 
we're working to bring next generation 911 solutions like tex t-t o-911 to our community , but we're not there yet .... 
rt the 911 system isn’t ready for the era 

latest miracle on 34th street : macy’s keeps wooden escalators 
latest miracle on 34th street : famed wooden escalators survive macy's renovation : 
macy’s historic wooden escalators survive renovation 
as the big apple faces its 1st fao schwarzless christmas in many years , its nice to see some old traditions remain 
latest miracle on 34th street : keeps wooden escalators love this ! classic ! 
the is great but i love the escalators by 
bum bada bum : macy’s keeps wooden escalators 
wooden escalators ! i remember ; do you ? 
macy’s keeps wooden escalators very nice touch oma 
wooden escalators , mechanical dinosaurs from the 1920s , survive a macy's renovation 
macy's renovation cost $400 million ? did they hire yoenis cespedes to do the work ? 
whew ! 95 years and still lifting ! 
only a few weeks into dating edward , he took me on my ' dream vacation ' to nyc for christmas . i had a terrible cold … 
after a $400 m reno , macy’s still has its wooden escalators 
rt thankful for this : macy's escalators . via 
one of my favorite places there ! 
rt long live macy's wooden escalators !!! 
latest miracle on 34th street : macy's keeps wooden escalators - new york times 

bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo 

something happened in network tv that's almost unheard-of these days : a show got canceled . 

during to end violence against women , runs obit of artist & actor adele mailer , focus on violent ex 
adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer , dies at 90 
rt " the point of no return came when she told him that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " why mailer … 
rt adele mailer , rip : 
adele mailer , artist who married norman mailer & was eventually stabbed by him , dies at 90 . outlives the b 
what made norman mailer stab his wife ? possibly this : " she told her husband that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " 
rt “ i decided i was going to be that beautiful temptress who ate men alive , flossed her teeth and spit out the bones " … 
how much of an asshole was norman mailer ? he stabbed his wife when she said he wasn't as good as dostoyevsky . 
" guests recalled that the point of no return came when she told her husband that he was not as good as dostoyevsky . " 
rt married to mailer , inspired by " carmen " : “ you lived from crisis to crisis , sang love duets and had screaming fights ” https :/ … 
adele mailer , stabbed by husband for saying he wasn't as good as dostoyevsky , dies at 90 thank you , 
adele mailer , 2nd wife of poba artist norman mailer dies at 90 a turbulant , fascinating life 
to show my appreciation for norm's gesture from now on i'm inviting the chief rabbinate of israel to all my parties . 
presume you saw reference to your dad getting into fight w/allen ginsberg in 1960 in adele mailer obit : 
this obit , for example . 
i was going to be that beautiful temptress who ate men alive , flossed her teeth and spit out the bones adele mailer 
rt nyt obit for adele mailer , who then-husband norman mailer stabbed after she said he wasn't as good as dostoyevsky … 
wow . lives to 90 and most of adele mailer's obit is about the guy who stabbed her 55 years ago . 
adele mailer , artist who wed norman mailer , dies ; seriously injured in ' 60 when her husband stabbed her during party 
nytimesarts : rt hellernyt : married to mailer , inspired by " carmen " : “ you lived from crisis to crisis , sang love du … 
at least he came to realize he had to appear contrite ? norman mailer , on stabbing his wife : 

director repeats call that ability to read is crucial 
wants 
rt exploiting paris attack , fbi director repeats call demand to read encrypted messages ( still no evidence it was used ) https : … 
director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages is crucial 
the terrorist attacks in paris may have changed the politics on both encryption and a range of .. 
law enforcement needs ability to read encrypted messages from smartphones despite moves by apple , google & facebook 
never waste a good crypto crisis 
the is renewing its argument for agency access to encrypted information : via 
cybersecurity : f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages is … 
director repeats message - " the ability to read encrypted messages is crucial " 
with mobile encryption keys no longer held by suppliers , many data transmissions remain inaccessible to the law . 
fbi isn't asking for laws to create backdoors . it's just saying it needs to break encryption or the sky will fall . 
typical - destroy everyone's rights b/c a rare few abuse them . " fbi director : reading encrypted messages is crucial " 
retweeted glenn greenwald ( exploiting paris attack , fbi director repeats call demand to read ... 
rt the f.b.i. director repeats the call that the ability to read encrypted messages is crucial . https … 
top story : f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages … see more 
ny times politics newtop story : f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to re … see more 
f.b.i. director james comey repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages is crucial via 
rt the fbi director is pushing for authority to read encrypted messages , the last bastion of privacy … 
the director repeats call that ability to read messages is crucial 
world 

" what does marco rubio actually think about syrian refugees ? " 
where did he lie ? rubio was in favor of bringing in refugees back in september . 
go here to see a video on it : 
gop " we need to vet these refugees more " . well here is video to show you exactly what they go through now : 

warriors rout lakers and set record for n . b . a . ’ s best start 
warriors 111 , lakers 77 : warriors rout ... | … 
warriors rout lakers and set record for n . b . a . ' s best start 
warriors rout lakers and set record for nba's best start - new york times 
warriors 111 , lakers 77 : warriors rout lakers and set record for n . b . a . ’ ... 
getslimmerquickly / warriors 111 , lakers 77 : warriors rout lakers and set record for n .... 
warriors 111 , lakers 77 : warriors rout lakers and set … 
warriors 111 , lakers 77 : warriors rout lakers and set record for n . b . a … 

rt coca-cola’s top scientist , who orchestrated obesity research , is leaving 
. coke’s chief scientist , who orchestrated obesity research , is leaving 
coke's chief scientist , who orchestrated obesity research , is leaving 
“ the gben has been a public relations disaster for coca-cola . ” 
well : coke's chief scientist , who orchestrated obesity research , is leaving 
slippery slope for academics 
coke had a chief scientific officer ? exploring the absence of a link between soda and obesity .... well not anymore - 
cokes chief scientist , who orchestrated research , is leaving 
chief scientist , is stepping down , after scandal 
rt sugar water company pays scientists to say sugar water isn't bad for you as long as you exercise a lot … 
ha ha ha ha ... coke's chief scientist , who orchestrated obesity research , is leaving ... 
cc : // coke's chief scientist , who orchestrated obesity research , is leaving 
coke & chief scientist , who orchestrated obesity research , is leaving 
interesting . 
tip of iceberg of public manipulation . " coke's chief scientist , who orchestrated research , is leaving " 
rt why coca-cola's top scientist is stepping down under a dark cloud . 
rt profingvar : the global energy balance network has been a public relations disaster for via nytimeswe … 
rt more on how fund research to downplay role of coke in chief scientist who led this is leaving . htt … 
rt the global energy balance network has been a public relations disaster for via 
please prioritize health over business !!! this is not fair via 
health - the new york time coke’s chief scientist , who orchestrat … see more 
rhona s . applebaum resigns as chief scientist after being exposed cheating obesity study 
top resigns bec of skewered research on 
" cocacola funded research to downplay obesity/ssbs " 
rt the tide is beginning to turn against the food industry's front groups and their rent-a-scientists . … 
rt at 2012 conf coke exec gave speech on coke's strategy to cultivate relationships w scientists to balance soda debate … 
unbelievable , except it's entirely believable . coke’s chief scientist quits after orchestratrating obesity research 
rigging doesn't help . it didn't with it doesn't with ( via 
coke funded global energy balance network to deflect criticism of its role in diabesity epidemic & blaming exercise . 
coke's top scientist leaving after revelations of funding research downplaying coke products in spread of 
rt coca-cola's top scientist resigns after rigging research to play down coke's role in obesity 
rt holy crap , this is sinister 
retweeted center 4 food safety ( coke’s chief scientist , who orchestrated obesity research , is ... 

laws struggle to keep up as hoverboards ’ popularity soars 
laws struggle to keep up as hoverboards ' popularity soars - new york times 
rt lawyers are always way behind technology , especially in - laws struggle w hoverboards ’ popularity soars https://… 
. if laws can't keep up with hoverboards , they certainly won't with autonomous vehicles . 
laws struggle to keep up as hoverboards ' popularity soars via by 
struggle to keep up as popularity soars 
i am thankful for real skateboards and people who can ollie , not this battery powered ridiculousness 
laws can't keep up with hoverboards ’ popularity soars 

. helps debunk some social media rumors around the 
so to be clear : none of the 5 paris attackers identified so far is syrian . … … 
de blasio , police commissioner tell nyc to ignore isis video that hints at manhattan attacks 
french prosecutor confirms abdelhamid abaaoud was killed in raid . live blog : 
updates on the 
paris attacks : live updates vía 
what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 
an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead - the new york times 
live coverage : paris attacks 
rt : : updates on the 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
we should not give the gift of hate via 
nytimesworld : updates on the 
the raid is over , but residents are advised to stay put . see all updates on our live blog : 
eddie 

facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

rt lovely portrait of a bookstore , the kind of pakistan story we rarely read , from 
a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave an imprint on islamabad 
rt for once in a long time , pens something about pakistan that isn't laced with the tired tropes of terrorism . htt … 
rt a visit to the saeed book bank in islamabad , which displays 200,000 titles , many in english … 
books save souls . and bring positive publicity . good to read a fantastic review of a great place to visit --- any day . 
rt the owner of saeed book bank spends $500 k on books from the us but says he can't get a us visa … 
rt a storied bookstore n its late oracle leave an imprint on islamabd 
rt " storied bookstore & its late oracle leave an imprint " : by 
one of the largest english language bookstores in the world is in ... pakistan 
rt a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave an imprint on saeed book bank has four m … 
rt saeed book bank in that displays 200,000 titles , many in english … 
rt love for their product , thats what keeps saeed book bank going 
rt saeed book bank - one of the best bookshops in the world , ever - is in 
hooray for people like ahmad saeed ❤ ️ 
a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad 
you will want to shop at this bookstore . 

the holiday movie season in trailers 
headline : the holiday movie season in trailers see more 
it is going to be a glorious winter at the movies the holiday movie season in trailers 
from oscar hopefuls to blockbuster franchises , a look at select trailers from movies in theaters this season that may fit your holiday mood . 

rt love brussels sprouts ? we have an idea for you . 

rt the cult of the toto toilet 
i never felt so clean ! mt the cult of the toto toilet 
" the cult of the toto toilet " think you can relate . 
the cult of the toto toilet via 
nytimes : the cult of the toto toilet 

