the system isn’t ready for the era 
great piece by tom wheeler fcc chairman on how we need to improve our 911 infrastructure . 
recognizes the power and the need of 911 to fully make use of this next-generation technology 
an educational opinion article from tom wheeler , chairperson of the fcc on next generation 911 ... 
the 911 system isn’t ready for the iphone era 
the 911 system is not ready for the iphone era 
rt in op-ed , fcc's wheeler calls for federal funding to help 911 centers upgrade to handle texts , photos … 
mt 911 emergency system established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more at 10/11c . 
rt the 911 emergency system was established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more a … 
the 911 emergency system was established 16 years . how does it hold up in the digital age ? read : more at 10/11c . 
. chairman tom wheeler calls on congress to help states update an antiquated 911 system : 
" 911 handle about 240 million calls a year [ .. ] but many local 911 call centers can’t receive a text , photo or video " 
911 isn't fully ready for what the world expects , is it ? nena - national emergency number association's oped ... 
the 911 system isn't ready for the iphone era - new york times 
the 911 system isn’t ready for the internet era 
fcc chairman , tom wheeler , wrote a great ' plain english ' op-ed about the next years ahead for 9-1-1 . today in the ne … 
i like this idea very much : the 911 system isn’t ready ... 
opinion | the 911 system isn’t ready for the era - the new york times 
the system isn’t ready for the iphone era 
very important read : 
article from the 911 system isn’t ready for the era 
nyt op ed by on ( spoiler alert ! he's for it . ) 
" many local 911 call centers can’t receive a text , photo or video from a person in need " 
this is a big reason why nys ought to be returning more of the 911phone surcharge funds back to local government . 
we're working to bring next generation 911 solutions like tex t-t o-911 to our community , but we're not there yet .... 
rt the 911 system isn’t ready for the era 
so true : 911 system isn't ready for the smartphone era : 
rt seems like a clearly right idea in today's fcc chairman tom wheeler on how we need to update 911 … 


britain to close its coal-fired power stations by 2025 

is changing its focus 
nytimes : is changing its focus 

at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court 
rt cravefornews at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the court … 
rt rt nytimes : at the culinary institute of america , students are cooking on and off the … 

must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 
nytimesarts : rt nytimes : must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . … 

gluten-free ( if not guilt-free ) thanksgiving desserts 

french police have set up checkpoints all over france , but are asking the public not to publicize the locations 
don't publicize police action on social media , say french police , it impedes operations 
french police ask people not to share locations of nationwide checkpoints they set up : 
🇺🇸 french police set up checkpoints all over france , but asking the public not to publicize the locations ( ny times ) 


for market debut , square scales back valuation by $3 billion - 
what is driving the private & public valuation arbitrage ? 
rt square prices its i.p.o. at $9 : the price of $9 a share is below the marketed range , a sign that the party for ... … 
rt all this valuation/ratchet talk ! the entire dilution is $87m , or 3% . it's really nbd . … 
for its i.p.o. , square scales back valuation by $3 billion 
for its scales back by $3 billion 
current unicorn valuations create ipo overhang for two decades 
happy holiday season ! quinn records tm top-10 song chart for friday november 20 , 2015 is posted … 
" square " scales back says ... 
for its ipo , square scales back valuation by $3 billion 
for market debut , square scales back valuation by billion - new york times 
for its i.p.o. , scales back valuation by $3 billion 
for its scales back valuation by $3 billion 
whatever the share price , today's ipo is a big day for and and their plans : 
square's ipo on the nyse was $3-billion less than its valuation last year - via 
square prices its ipo at $9 ; do you guys anticipate buying any shares ? 
weakening ipo market for tech : square prices its i.p.o. at $9 
top news square prices its i.p.o. at $9 , lower than hoped see more 
top story : square prices its i.p.o. at $9 , lower than hoped see more 
update : square prices its i.p.o. at $9 , lower than hoped see more 
. scales back ipo to $3b , opens on nyse at $11.20 per share : via 
for its i.p.o. , stock priced at $9 , will it be $5 by christmas ? 
a market correction for valuing " unicorns ? " square ipo's at $9/share , less than $11-13 sought 
hope is not a strategy , real companies make money . square scales back valuation by $3 billion 
double bummer : 1 ) downsized round 2 ) below filing range . here's hoping post ipo trading goes well . 
from nytimes : for its square scales back by $3 billion : … 
square " only " got a $2.9 b valuation . for perspective : same valuation as bank of hawaii , founded-1897 . square-2009 . 

witnesses describe raid in st. -denis via 
the scene at paris raid looks like from john woo's film : gun battling while pigeon flying 
witness describes raid in st. -denis 
security forces swarm paris suburb via 

france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees 
france still planning to accept 30,000 fefugees , hollande says 
still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says fantastic attitude ! via nytimesworld 
yes ! france still plans to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
still planning to accept 30,000 hollande says - the new york times oldest 
rt american politicians should draw a lesson from hollande instead of pandering to fear via nytime … 
rt france still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
rt “ the people running from iraq and syria are attacked by the very same people who attacked us . ” … 
still plans to take 30k thoroughly to ensure they do not pose a threat 
watch the uppercut . i think this fact alone derails any argument of americans denying access to refugees . 
the french always make the us look bad and we've always made fun of them . here they go again . s/ 
france still planning to accept 30,000 hollande says 
isis , you just lost this battle >>> vive la france ! 
live and learn .. 
. do some research b4 spewing ignorance 
now those are some humanitarian balls . france accepting 30k refugees . can we do more than 10k , ? 
by not giving in to misguided fear , is standing with france . 
vive la refuge : french pres hollande says his country will still accept 30,000 syrian refugees in the next 2 years . 
rt all the american policy makers talking about not accepting syrian refugees - seriously , gfy . 
the moral thing to do . never again . 
still planning to accept 30,000 refugees , hollande says — via 
ummmmm ( but good news that france will continue to accept refugees ) 
btw even after attacks , france still accepting 30k refugees . here in the us ... only fear . 
they must be super scary people . 
glad to hear innocent refugees won't be penalized for violence committed by the people they are fleeing from 
france will lead by example and take in the 30,000 syrian refugees it said it would before last friday's attack 

mayor bill de blasio and commissioner tell new york city to ignore new isis 
mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city t … — via 
bill de blasio tells new york to ignore terror threats and to not be intimidated 
mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ... 
new york officials say to ignore new isis video threatening city 
don't think ignoring malicious intentions accomplishes much : & police commissioner tell t … — 
" fear is the oxygen of terrorism . " bill bratton on isis video featuring nyc . 
“ fear is the oxygen of terrorism " & via 
so live in fear otherwise , give up all privacy rights , but nevermind this video — 
“ celebrate , be aware , but do not be afraid . the n.y.p.d. will protect you , ” — via 
nothing to see here .... de blasio/commissioner tell new york city ignore isis video … — via 
de blasio , police commissioner tell nyc to ignore isis video that hints at manhattan attacks 
this makes me worry : mayor de blasio says don't worry about isis 
mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ignore new isis video . is that irresponsible ... 
mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ignore new … 
puts all ny'ers in jeapordy lying about terrorism threat : " tell new york city to ignore new video " 
comrade mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ignore new isis video 
mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ignore new i via 
breaking : mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ignore new ...... 
[ all news ] | mayor bill de blasio and police commissioner tell new york city to ignore new ..... |via google news 
“ fear is the oxygen of terrorism . what they’re trying to do is pump much more oxygen into the system . ” 
with isis threat for jihad in new york city , nypd's bill bratton tells people - be aware - not afraid . 

" what woodrow wilson cost my grandfather " 
interesting .... what woodrow wilson cost my grandfather : 
rt not just racist beliefs , but damaging racist policies and practices . " what woodrow wilson cost my grandfather " … 
rt woodrow wilson cost my grandfather his job . 
amazing read - how woodrow wilson's white supremacism destroyed one man's life 
what woodrow wilson cost my interesting read .. 
woodrow wilson's administration oversaw the segregation of the federal government 
we honor historical figures who did terrible things . we wrote history wrong the first time . let's get it right now . 
" [ wilson ] believed in white supremacy as government policy , so much so that he reversed decades of racial progress . " 
rt gordon j . davis : what woodrow wilson's racism did to my grandfather . 
woodrow wilson was 1 of my fave presidents when i was a kid . that was , of course , b4 i learned he was a rabid racist 
hey . maybe remove topline of racist on your site ? heartbreaking history . 
princeton students are right . woodrow wilson isn't the progressive hero some would make him out to be . 
too much to say , to say anything . read it for yourself . 
ashamed to say that i did not know this : " woodrow wilson was not just a racist . he believed in white supremacy . " 
what cost my grandfather 
i generally oppose damnatio memoriae . that said , woodrow wilson's racism came at a great human cost . 
wilson , princeton and race 
also check out timeline quoting ghastly writings on race [ via 
rt read this piece by gordon davis on princeton and the racist legacy of woodrow wilson , 
the stuff they don't teach in history classes 

breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies - 
rt " some scientists have started referring to breast-feeding as the “ fourth trimester ” of pregnancy that completes ... http … 
provides anti- and benefits to mother - 
study : is good for mothers , not just studies suggest 
rt breast-feeding is good for mothers , not just babies ... vía 
studies are proving all kinds of ways that breastfeeding helps mommies , not just babies , in all kinds of ways . 
is good for mothers , not just babies , studies suggest 
breast feeding good for mothers , not just babies . " it's a win-win , " prof eleanor schwarz says 
from our fb : 
is good for mothers - not just babies - studies suggest : update 
is good for mothers , not just via 
new studies shed light on even more health benefits for moms who breastfeed . 
breastfeeding is good for mothers , not just babies , kaiser permanente study suggests 
" breast-feeding forces the breasts to finally grow up and get a job , and make milk (...)" 
new research : breastfeeding linked to lower risk of breast & ovarian cancers , type 2 diabetes & rheumatoid arthritis 
breast-feeding is good for mothers - lowering risk for breast and ovarian cancers , studies suggest via 
studies show that breast feeding reduces the risk of breast cancer and can correct insulin & blood sugar ... 
rt not the 1st time researchers have argued that breastfeeding is good for mothers via 
the fourth of pregnancy - restoring to longterm metabolic health via 
breast feeding is one of my favorite things about being a mommy , it's good for mom , not just babies via 
rt more good news about the preventive benefits of for women : 

cats to the rescue in brussels lockdown . 
rt this is maartje , a cat from ghent , belgium . she will not be intimidated . https://… 
another example of how our 4 legged friends are welcomed distractions during these tumultuous times ! 
twitter cats bring much needed levity to lockdown . police response is ... satisfying 
rt i have new found love + appreciation for belgians as they fight terror w/ cats 
this is great . cats to the rescue . 
rt check out cats to the rescue in brussels : … 
twitter cats to the rescue in < this deserves a second tweet . cats rule ! 
rt of all the belgium lockdown twitter cats this may be my favorite . story here : … 
belgium , the country of waffles , chocolate and now cat memes . i wouldn't have wanted to study abroad anywhere else 
twitter cats add levity to brussels lockdown 
twitter cats to the rescue in and they got 9 lives to keep it going ! 
good call ! 
rt my cat , i repeat , my cat , made it to the new york times . and she will noty be intimidated ! … 
police : please don't tweet our location . belgians : cats . 
why isn't this story trending ? 
not sure what al siegal would say : open nyt story on cats in brussels , and screen filled by video ad -- for purina . 

what century-old photos from the sites of the paris attacks tell us about france's capital 

" in mexico , mennonite farmers struggle with water shortage " 
stunning photos from of mennonites in mexico . 
beautiful photos about a world i never knew existed in mexico . " mexico , mennonite farmers struggle w/water shortage " 
rt davidfurstnyt : stunning photos from berehulak of mennonites in mexico . 
incredible photos by daniel berehulak looking at mennonite farmers in mexico 
meanwhile ... underground reservoirs have been drained by thirsty crops , like corn , that are the mainstay of the … 
unknown author teaching things mum can't . 

officer charged in death of black teenager 
rt breaking news : with chicago set to release video of a black youth’s death , a police officer was charged with murder … 
chicago officer charged w/1st degree murder in death of black teenager 
cop charged with murder three days after judge ordered department to release video of shooting 
" the charges against officer jason van dyke , 37 , come more than a year after the shooting , but only days after a ... 
" chicago’s police has its own painful history , which by some estimates includes more than $500 mil in settlements ” 
rt chicago po charged in death of black teen video release was held up over a year . court order 3 d ago … 
nytimes : chicago officer murdered black youth , prosecutor says 
rt : chicago po charged in death of black teen video release was held up over a … 
chicago po charged in death of black teen video release was held up over a year . court order 3 d ago , arrest today . 
thankfully this is not the chicago undercover cop i met ! sad story ! chicago officer charged in death of black teen 
this video of a 17-yr-old being shot 16 times must be released by wednesday : 
white chicago police officer charged w/1st-degree murder in fatal shooting of black teen as dashboard camera ... 
officer charged in death of finally !!! they should have done this a long time ago ... 


" ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations " 
rt poor baby thinks it's the media's fault he's dumb . ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations https : … 
the vulgar , personal attacks are actually ben carson quotes : supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donations 
ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks on his absurdist lies in seeking donations via 
who chairs the ben carson-aligned superpac ? john philip sousa iv 
first draft : ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar ’ attacks in seeking donation ... 
first draft : ben carson supporters cite ‘ vulgar’… 

france-england game is a friendly in every sense of the word 
" one of the great joys in soccer is its vocabulary . " 
in light of the tragedy in paris , everyone came together during the france/england game 
op-ed : < /span > explaining terror to children 
last night's france vs . england redefined the meaning of a football ( soccer ) ' friendly ' 
followers that love soccer , this is worth time about the france-england friendly and what it means : 
“ la marseillaise ” during the friendly was uplifting to hear beyond any measure 
game is a in every sense of the word 
this france-england friendly game meant nothing , but nothing felt like everything . 
sometimes a friendly is just that . on england-france , which meant nothing but felt like everything . 
" the players had a duty to show the unstoppable tumble that is being alive . " 
friendly steeped in fraternity . all wembley sings “ la marseillaise ” at france-england match . sniff , 
this // normally , the visiting team’s anthem would be played first ; on this night , “ la marseillaise ” was played last 
france-england game was a friendly in every sense of the word 
lovely match report on a " friendly " between france and england 
lovely , lovely match report on france-england " friendly " 
france receives a friendly embrace in england 

reviewed after 
" the biggest sporting venues may have to adopt security setups similar to those at airports " 
piece on the of sporting event security after paris terror attacks 
great summary by on the heightened security protocols at sporting events all over the world post-paris 
stadiums , arena security are being reviewed after the paris terror attacks : 
ceo of brc , quoted in today's on stadium security after the paris terror attacks 
patrick j . brosnan , a counter-terrorism analyst and the ceo of brosnan risk consultants , is quoted in todays new ... 
in madrid on saturday , they will even search fans ' sandwiches . on stadium security after paris attacks . 
1,400 private security workers would be used to reinforce a police force of at least 1,000 officers for el clásico 




attack state dept . via social media accounts 
iran hackers attack state dept via accounts soraya 
iranian hackers attack via social media accounts 
just as russia announces it's lifting its export ban on supplying iran with more nuclear equipment and ... 
imo most interesting bit in the article 
why don't you just release more money to iran 
rt u.s. officials say they are seeing a surge in cyberespionage attempts by iran 
rt iranian hackers attack us state department iran watchers via social media accounts : by & 
rt hackers attack via social media accounts 
iranian hackers attack state dept . via accounts 
us security sees an uptick in iranian cyber espionage . sign of cyber's importance over nuclear ? 
rt surge of hacking from iran against us state dept ? might rather be someone at state dept finally noticing attacks . … 
attack via accounts 
new diplomatic dawn takes backseat as hackers step up attacks after via social media accounts 
iranian hackers attack u.s. via social media accounts 




white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite paris attacks 
lost in all of the syrian refugee hysteria is question of why pres . obama is only willing to admit 10,000 refugees . 
it's really depressing to me that the world is just now waking up to what has been going on in syria for years 
rt white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & … 
gop : obama refugee vetting “ doesn’t sound at all robust to me " white house affirms syrian refugee plan 
white house affirms syrian refugee plan despite attacks politically brave , policy wise , & humane 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 




facebook suspended her account , but her real name is isis 
this is ridiculous . there must be smarter ways to stop them from running their websites and social networks ! 
facebook profile frozen , then restored , for user named isis via 

those first trips home from college are the first steps in a new relationship . get them right : 
rt they want to see friends . you want to see them . they're becoming adults . you miss your kid . college visits : … 
thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right 
no college kids , but everyone at table must tell what they're thankful for ; fantasy , reality , and getting it right 
timely advice ! > thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right via 
parenting tips for a stress-free when kids come home 
thanksgiving holiday with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right .... 
celebrating thanksgiving ... with college students back home and in the house ... 
for college kids , coming home at thanksgiving is a choice . how to make it one they're glad they made : 
thanksgiving , with college students : fantasy , reality , and getting it right - ny times 
kids ' visits from college aren't the last vestige of childhood , but first moments of adulthood . 
mt sharing sentiments , just off the phone ... nytimes : thanksgiving , with college students 
college kids coming home for first time ? make the visit work : 
for those students home for bridge your family expectations and your student reality : 
are your college kids coming home for thanksgiving ? this may help you handle the highs and lows of their return . 
for those with children in university or college returning for the holidays , this is a great read ! 
rt thanksgiving with your college student ... 
rt the counter : filthy . the laundry : in the entry . the glasses ? all gone . your kid is home from college : … 
listen closely & you'll hear your own voice here// thanksgiving w college students : fantasy , reality 
too hilarious for words . " thanksgiving with college students : fantasy , reality , & getting it right " v 

a call for compassion ... 
refugees across europe fear repercussions from 
top story : retweets refugees across europe fear repercussio … see more 
refugees fear repercussions isis responsible but who funds/enables isis and supports refugee hate ? 
rt across europe fear repercussions from they flee same or actually much wors … 
across europe fear repercussions from they flee same or actually much worse violence 
refugees across fear repercussions from paris attacks : after fleeing their homeland … 
ny times : refugees across fear repercussions from paris attacks 
after in fear growing suspicion of their hosts and hostility on the 

actors of ‘ the big short ’ talk about the debt crisis , in beverly hills 
can't wait to see this !! " actors of ‘ the big short ’ talk about the debt crisis " 
to be fair , i’m not entirely sure i could accurately define a cdo either . 
we gotta go see this 
also re `big short ' : channels on traders " zegna vs canali - there’s a real difference " 
" actors of ' the big short ' talk about the debt crisis , in beverly hills - new york times " 
hey girl , let me short that for you 
steve carell attempts to define a synthetic cdo : ( via 
can comedy emerge from our financial chaos ? trailer : ' the big short ' 
this should make watching “ the big short ” interesting … 
this might get me into the cinema although i say that every time : actors of ‘ the big short ’ talk abt the debt crisis 
actors of ‘ the big short ’ talk about the debt crisis , in b ... ♥ buyfb 
the big short’s fatal flaw in one nytimes question 
ryan gosling : “ i thought i knew , but i didn’t really know anything at all . ” 
steve carell , ryan gosling and finn wittrock discuss playing the wall street figures who anticipated the subprime mortgage collapse in the comedy-drama “ the big short . ” 


2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
2 air france planes are diverted from paris 
global islamist terror : two air france flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over phoned bomb threats ... from usa 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over concerns 
2 flights to paris from the us diverted over security concerns - new york times 
leia no > 2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over secur … see more 
2 flights to paris from the u.s. diverted over security concerns - 


anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 
nytimes : anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter with deputies 

victims , remembered 
rt the victims of the paris attacks included an architect , a student , and music fans . here are some of their stories . … 
rt most of the people killed in the attacks in paris were young and out having fun . here are some of their stories . https://… 
top story : retweets paris victims , remembered see more 
paris victims , remembered , via the new york times 
paris victims , remembered - the new york times 
rt the victims of the paris attacks included an architect , a student , and music fans . here are some of their stories . htt … 
retweeted the new york times ( the victims of the paris attacks included an architect , a student , and ... 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
fr . kevin o'brien , sj , read this letter as part of his homily at the 9 am mass on sunday : 
“ this little boy’s entire life will be an affront to you by being happy and free . for he will not hate you either . ” 
victim’s husband tells terrorists , ‘ i will not give you the gift of hate ’ 
snigdha samal with merl anthony and 2 others . 2 hrs · ' i will not give you the gift of hate!' perfect response ... 
probably helps to include the link . ~ hey , at least i'm still human :-) 
victim's husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
husband tells ‘ i will not give you the of 
courage : " you won't have my hate ... i will play on " not scared not mistrustful not sacrificing liberty for security 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
posted " victim’s husband tells terrorists " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
paris attacks : " i will not give you the gift of hate . " 
rt it takes the grace of god to let go & let god ... 



morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 

youtube kids app faces new complaints 
françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the french president arrived in washing ... 
nyt global : françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the french president arrived in washington ju ... 
françois hollande and obama meet to plan isis fight : the french president arrived in ... read now ! 

with ben carson , the doctor and the politician can v 
rt portrait in ben carson's home depicting him with jesus really rounds out the nyt profile … 
rt when ben carson speaks , are you hearing from a gifted neurosurgeon , or a conservative politician ? … 
when ben carson speaks , are you hearing from a gifted neurosurgeon , or a conservative politician ? via 
with the and the can vary sharply 
the two sides of ben carson 
interesting , well-researched & reported article on the enigma that is 
rt in profile of carson , brilliant surgeon , and mine the inexplicable complexity of being human … 
with the doctor and the politician can vary sharply 
omg . ben carson believes in god , doesn't believe in evolution , and is soft on vaccines . the horror ! 
ben carson and i have something in common beside the fact neither of us should be president . i don't swear either - 
a little bit about ben carson prior to his presidential campaign : 
dr. ben , doctor and the politician can vary sharply dr. ben , presidential candidates don't get treated like gods 
ben carson has a portrait of him and jesus on his wall at home - 
rt with ben carson , doctor & politician can vary sharply with a cameo from a former r … 
rt . the doctor v . the candidate . ( via and … 
important read with regard to one of the political dwarf's - sleep or dopey - not sure . 
rt wait you're not telling us ? what did a duck say ?! 
ny times politics newtop story : with ben carson , the doctor and the politician … see more 
“ when he walked around hopkins , he was like god . ” long before politics , ben carson was med students ' idol : 
nytimes : hospital colleagues see 2 carsons 
ben carson appears lucid in nyt interview on science vs . ideology . 
inside story of career is not so glittering as it's made out to be — as this article reveals this 
rt a possible ' rosebud ' here about where obsession w pc began : his removal as hopkins grad speaker … 
at home , ben carson has " a painting of dr. carson in a lab coat next to jesus , who has his arm on carson’s shoulder " : 
with ben carson , doctor & politician can vary sharply with a cameo from a former resident 
on the connection between ben carson the candidate and ben carson the neurosurgeon 
pro and con . more failed outcomes than you would expect . 
rt ben carson as surgeon : " he was like god . " on carson the surgeon vs carson the politician . https :/ … 

a car dealers won’t sell : it’s electric 
on the perverse outcomes of incentives . 
why car dealers don't want to sell electric cars 
car dealers dislike electric cars , says but that may change with the 2016-2018 mainstream electric boom . 
consumers want evs but are being discourage at point of sale . 
why car salesmen don’t want to sell electric cars 
p h.d. graduate eric cahill insights article car dealer bottleneck for 
if you are in the market for an electric car , do not be swayed by ill-informed and greedy car dealers . do your ... 
rt car dealers won't sell electric cars because they take longer to explain ( cutting comm … 
car dealers won't sell electric cars because they take longer to explain ( cutting commissions ) and need less repair . 
dealers don't want to sell electric no wonder why sell direct . 
bet the feeling is mutual . ev buyers tend to be educated on the purchase , would rather avoid the sleazy salesman 
dealers make 3 times more profit on gas-powered vehicles , hindering their incentive to sell electric vehicles 
car dealers are showing scant enthusiasm for putting consumers into electric cars , despite large fan clubs and gov … 
rt anyone else skeptical of idea in mrichtel story that evs aren't being sold b/c dealers … 
anyone else skeptical of idea in story that evs aren't being sold b/c dealers fear loss of repair revenue ? 
follow the money . “ electric vehicles do not offer dealers the same profits as gas-powered cars ” 
my brother-in-law is a car dealer . services is a big thing for them . so how do we get dealers to promote e-cars ? 
rt buried lede here : electric cars are less profitable to dealers , so dealers steer their customers away from them … 
dinosaurs among us . ford guy told me on ev test-drive " w/out v6 it's not worth driving . " couldn't explain features . 
car dealers are the biggest barriers to electric cars : 
rt not only protectionist " the dealer offered a maintenance package including oil changes … 
car dealers won’t sell if its electric 
" salespeople who have spent years understanding combustion cars don’t have time to learn " not that much really 🙃 
car dealers are showing scant enthusiasm for putting consumers into electric cars , despite large fan clubs and governmental pledges . 

when a bag is based on math 
rt ... in the nytimes's " when a bag is based on math " by hilary moss 
rt when a bag is based on math hit the nail on the head . 
when is based on the new 
oh , math , you used to be so cool . i thought we had this ' thing ' . now you've sold out and gone corporate . 


photos : an early-morning raid north of paris 


john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push against islamic state in syr 
john kerry visited a mosque on monday in abu dhabi and urged for a bigger push against isis . 
. would like to see the us-led military and diplomatic effort in syria “ go faster ” 
. outlines latest debate within the administration on defeating and hopes for a cease-fire in 
john kerry urging bigger push against islamic state in syria - the new york times 
nytimesworld : john kerry visited a mosque on monday in abu dhabi and urged for a bigger push against isis . … 
diplomatic memo : john kerry adds voice to those urging bigger push … 



rt " trump has never apologized or acknowledged a mistake . someone else is always to blame . " donald trump , liberal . … 
trump’s shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches 
" the electorate , at least the republican electorate , is a little skeptical of specificity this year . ” 
reporter says trump campaign echoes goldwater campaign . " in your guts you know he's nuts " 
and stretches 
trump's " in your heart , you know he’s right " redux , via 
insightful comments from in today . what voters want this cycle is " attitude and tone . " 
trump’s shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches " and mr. trump’s supporters seem content to take his word for it . " 
rt trump's ambiguity often allows people to see different things in his remarks , such as the muslim registry … 
i never thought anyone could exceed george bush in their belief they haven't made any mistakes , are never wrong ,... 
verbal shortcuts-generalities to dodge questions-trip up trump's campaign . 
activities . 
donald trump's shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches - new york times 
good salespeople don't actually behave like this , 
rt donald trump is essentially the platonic ideal of mansplaining . 
i never thought i'd be tweeting an article that takes him seriously shortcuts and salesmanlike stretches 
i really dislike this kind of reporting : - trump's complete lack of credible policies is treated as savviness 
turkey shoots down military plane near syria border 


end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
end sought to fantasy sites in ny . would be extrodinairy if this industry is killed by regulation 
rt ♟ end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added to inquiry 
. expanding on sites 
ny attorney general seeks to end dfs ; yahoo added to inquiry . 
end sought 2 fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said 2 be added to inquiry this rebuts yahoo 4 content 
attorney general seeks to stop fanduel and draftkings 
add yahoo sports to the list of daily fantasy sites involved in the new york attorney general's investigation .... 
yes , eric schneiderman is after yahoo too ... 
ny state attorney general is expanding his investigation into daily fantasy sports sites 
source : yahoo added to fantasy sports sites inquiry as ny ag issues subpoena to company ( ny times ) . 
top story : end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to be added t … see more 
avoid bloomberg businessweek if you crave accuracy . yahoo info here : 
marissa mayer must think illegal gambling and socially irresponsible activities like this are okay if they make $$ . 
end sought to fantasy sites in new york ; yahoo is said to … 



what travelers can expect after the terrorist attack in paris . 
what travelers can expect in 
what can expect in 
great advice for your clients ! 
let's go to paris ! soon ! 
our thoughts are with paris and its people . here's some good info if you're planning a trip to paris . 
the best thing can do to help is to keep visiting paris and not be scared away . 
" the single best thing travelers can do to help is to stay in paris and to keep coming to the country . " 
how can tourists help ? : " stay in and to keep coming to the country " via 
in the aftermath of the attacks in the new york times has compiled useful information about what to ... 
“ the french need support now more than ever & want to return to normal life . ... not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
message to tourists : “ the french need support now more than ever , & leaving or not visiting won’t accomplish that . ” 
here is a rundown on how hotels , airlines and cultural sites are accommodating travelers to paris 
also i wish i could give blood , but as a cancer survivor i believe i'm not allowed .... 
here is some helpful advice from the for anyone travelling to 
great article 

rt nyt maps connections bw perpetrators of - none of the 5 that have been identified so far are http … 
the paris attackers used facebook , not encryption … and in an isis dedicated group ! 
rt so to be clear : none of the 5 paris attackers identified so far is syrian . 
rt the paris attackers used facebook , not encryption & were known to the french authorities . https :/ … 
the expanding web of connections among the paris attackers : 
the expanding web of connections among the paris attackers - the new york times 


no texas , you do not have ownership over a woman's body . 
we're fighting back for the people of texas . 
sues texas in dispute over funding for 
sues in dispute over for clinics 
calling state's action politically motivated , sues over funding for clinics 
the inevitable result of cutting funds for women’s reproductive health . cc 
what year is this ? 100,000 + texas women attempt self-induced abortions , state tries to cut access even further . 
sues in dispute over funding for clinics 
the group called the action by texas , which has some of the toughest abortion restrictions ... 



fake instagram , a chance to be real 
teens are making 2nd instagram accounts to show their real life vs . their main accts which show their idealized life 
finstagram ! 
still not-well-understood phenomenon 
" ... the pressure among instagram’s regular users to present idealized images of themselves has only increased " 
rt from the " more than half of the 92% of teens ages 13 to 17 who go online daily use instagram " https : … 
“ life becomes a never-ending junior varsity “ vanity fair ” shoot , ” 
>> finstagram ~ fake a chance to be real 
have you heard of “ finstagram ” accounts ? 
the secret ' friend zone ' and 
news flash : users discover social interaction on instagram is all bullshit . * yawn * --> 
teenagers trend to fake instagram accounts , ' splintering as self-preservation . ' 
are " finstagrams " a real thing ?? am i really that old that ny times had to tell me what this is ?? 
' for many young people , social media has become a burden , a part of life that must be managed . ' 
using fake instagram to be real . on popularity of nyt graphic more : 
full story : 
can't deal . 
a chance to show the real you on ' finstagram ' , or fake instagram . 
( fake instagram for your real friends ) on the rise in us - a chance to show your real self ?! 
teens , 20s , carefully constructed ' image ' reigns , insincerity trumps reality 
teens are using their fake instagrams to express their " real " selves . we live in a strange world my friends 
fake instagram is freeing for those living photo-shopped lives . 
for many people , social media has become a burden , a part of life that must be managed ... brands need to pay attentio … 

sepp blatter and michel platini lose fifa appeals and remain suspended 
sepp and michel lose appeals and remain suspended via 
" blatter and platini lose fifa appeals and remain suspended " 
fifa rejects sepp blatter's appeal . maybe he didn't offer enough . you'd think he'd know the going scale for bribes . 
soccer , international federation of association football ( fifa ) , blatter , sepp , platini , michel via nyt 

how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks 
" how the pfizer-allergan deal ranks " by leslie picker via nyt 
the proposed merger between and allergan has helped drive merger activity to a record for 2015 . worldwide 
how the $pfe-$agn deal ranks by equity value , no . 3 behind vodafone-mannesmann and aol-time warner , says 
actually , $4.1 t in 2007 = $4.7 t today , so m&a in 2015 has not eclipsed 2007 
additional ?! er , primary . " for pfizer there was an additional motivation , lowering its tax rate by moving to dublin " 
the deal between pfizer-allergan biggest in history between pharmaceutical companies ..... 
rt $155 billion of pfizer and allergan is the largest of all time 
$155 billion of and is the largest of all time 
with an equity value of $152 billion , the merger is the largest since the heady days of 2000 . 



angela merkel said the cancellation of a soccer match in germany " had to happen " 


congressional democrats cautiously defend the syrian refugee program 
congressional democrats cautiously defend refugee program via 
“ we can both welcome desperate , vulnerable families+ensure our own security ” via 

aung san suu kyi sounds a provocative note the next hurdle for burma democracy is to keep the lady a true democrat 
rt seth mydans , long-time southeast asia hand , returns to the pages of the nyt for a profile of aung san suu kyi . https … 
long a of sounds a provocative note 
aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of dignified defiance 
new york times - usa - a defiant voice sounds a bolder note in myanmar - 
does respect for law include fidelity to a military-imposed constitution ? 
a symbol of dignified sounds provocative 
why tell us what she was wearing on her first day in parliament ?? 
aung san suu kyi , on the cusp of power , is sounding imperious . what kind of leader is she ? 
interesting insights to the leadership style of by 
aung san suu kyi wins " so far the military has been gracious in defeat , which stuns many burmese 
aung san suu kyi , long a symbol of sounds a provocative note 
burma's democracy icon , on the cusp of power , sounds provocative . how she will govern ? 
so happy to read the words of in again . his smart take on aung san suu kyi's rise in myanmar : 
aung san suu kyi , " the future is hers to shape . " by via 
a symbol of defiance , aung san suu kyi’s victory sets democracy example to asian neighbours 

iceland has more books published and read per person than anywhere else in the world 
has more published & per person than any other country . 📚 via . 

as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality 
my short post on fb's french flag debacle , and how the lebanese flag made it to profile pics without facebook's help 
as social media tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — vía nytimesworld 
facebook french flag profile picture change erupts inequality discussion via 
damned if you do , damned if you don't! complaints of inequality for french flag filter . via 
thats why i did not change my profile picture as french flag 
as tributes pop up , so do complaints of inequality — via 
top story : retweets as social media tributes pop up , so do … see more 
social media tributes-complaints of inequality - helping all cries have the option to be heard — via 
why did blatantly ignore and do nothing when warned . 



rt what china has been building in the south china sea 
rt why build aircraft carriers when you can build islands ? 
rt what has been building in the south china sea 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night , nothing felt like everything . 

rt french return to cafes in a show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” … 
rt rt french return to cafes show of defiance , a modern-day symbol of “ la résistance ” https … 




in rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame 
many to blame for the rise of isis ( via 
2012 intelligence report foresaw the rise of an in & – the nyt confirms 
rt isis was born out of america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army http … 
this is a good , well thought out article ...... 
rt read this to understand rise of isis but more importantly for understanding how obama just ignored the intelligence ht … 
good summary of and its leaders from inception to present-day 
. the concept was that if you just leave alone , it would destroy itself , & so u didn’t need to do much 
rt dia briefed white house on isis as early as 2012 , obama admin repeatedly ignored warnings … 
rt isis flag found in 2008 — early signal of the group’s rise . my look at the group’s rebirth . … 
clemonster_us : great nytimes article on the rise of & the road to the … 
great article on the rise of & the road to the 
the best historical overview of the rise of isis i have seen , a must read for those who are probing this issue : 
zeer goed artikel over oorsprong daesh , rise of isis , no single missed key but many strands of blame 
rt trying to understand the rise of isis ? great piece by 
new york times on rise of isis : no single missed key but many strands of blame 
in rise of no single missed key but many strands of blame 
a must read about actions , consequences and isis . hopefully we learn from our mistakes going forward . 
rt was born in america's camp bucca prison in iraq , the perfect place to build an army . https : … 
a good & insightful read ; the rise of " isis " 
rt us soldier found an islamic state banner in iraq in 2008 next to a mass grave of 30 bodies … 
rt excellent piece on the origins of isis , threads that wove themselves into a terrifyingly complex knot . https://… 

joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
dear twitter : reveals need to celebrate of cc 
i want to read a profile of randy souther 
and sometimes it's better when an author stays off twitter . see this ? 
joyce carol oates on twitter : is nothing ' joyous ' in isis ? - 
hah ! daesh might want to consider recruiting joyce carol oates . oates on twitter : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
the author was criticized after she posed a question on twitter about the islamic state . 
joyce carol oates faces backlash on twitter following tweet : is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
joyce carol oates . .. gore vidal : " the three most dispiriting words in the english language are joyce carol oates . 
joyce carol oates & isis if some thoughts are taboo , then we can only explore the local minima and maxima of ideas . 
joyce carol oates on is nothing ‘ joyous ’ in isis ? 
" randy souther , who has written about ms. oates for 20 years and started a scholarly journal focused on her work " 
" there is no joy in isis , " the mighty hath spoke out 
you deserve this 4 signing the anti-hebdo letter this year . you simply don't express yourself well . 
ny times reporting on jco isis tweets , money quote from douthat . self-parody , or are we just a monstrous society ? 
questions are critical . unfettered inquiry is the only force that can oppose poisonous ideology : 


coney island : 
the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! the art ! 
rt an exhibition at tracks coney island through its stylish rise , slow decline and eventual revival . https : … 
" coney island : visions of an american dreamland , 1861-2008 " at brooklyn museum : 
rt excited for this coney island exhibit seems to have some really quirky but interesting art : … 
" there’s still this creative and rebellious spirit there — a kind of edgy magic that i hope is never lost . ” 
coney island is on view in all its wonderful & sinister splendor 
coney island : the cyclone ! the hot dogs ! the - the new york times 
so miss my i went to for the first time in years this summer and had a blast ! 

inside the gould memorial library 

a husband remembers his wife ; via 
a husband remembers his wife , ‘ merry , with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids ’ 

racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 
revjjackson : rt nytimes : racism on campus : stories from new york times readers 


pumpkin pie in miami : 
pumpkin pie in miami : thanksgiving flight patterns via 
a graphical look at the thanksgiving flight patterns via 
rt fun data viz from shows that everyone is apparently flying to florida , hawaii , and vegas for thanksgiving . … 
interesting . 
great data visualizations for your holiday consideration : thanksgiving flight patterns via 
very cool ! where are americans flying for for one . check this out : 
rt where americans fly for thanksgiving . 
rt more awesome flow maps in today nyt . 
pumpkin pie in miami , " or why some of us don't have to go anywhere to be warm on thanksgiving via 
rt thanksgiving flight patterns : little dots , off to celebrate in las vegas 
great data viz from diving into thanksgiving air travel . 
traveling for thanksgiving ? this interactive map shows you where the rest of america is headed , too . 
cool gifs frm the upshot abt travel patterns at thanksgiving . reading on a flight to atlanta 
flight patterns show exit from boston , winging it to florida . 
fun data visualization to watch : thanksgiving flight patterns via 
flight patterns during the thanksgiving holiday 
i would say i planned it ... flying out tonight at 7pm . flight patterns around 
and yet , they all come to florida for thanksgiving via 
this is so cool : flight patterns via 
pumpkin pie ( and in miami : thanksgiving flight patterns via 
of course seattle and portland are destinations <3 
i'll stay right where i am , thank you very much 
rt want to avoid talking to your family at thanksgiving ? this map will buy you 10 minutes . … 
thanksgiving all about family ? flight patterns say otherwise . via 
rt nobody goes to alaska for thanksgiving ? 
everyone is getting the heck outta boston , s.f. , d.c. and minnesota on thanksgiving via 
rt 3.6 million americans , 1 percent of the country , to take a flight for thanksgiving . via 
3 most traveled to cities on thanksgiving , according to google flights data : miami , orlando , las vegas 
search data offers some surprises about where americans are planning to travel for the holiday . 

paris prosecutor describes st. -denis raid and gun battle — via nytimesworld 
" french prosecutor says abdelhamid abaaoud , suspect ... " from the new york times ( 
paris prosecutor describes st. -denis raid & gun battle 
top story : retweets paris prosecutor describes st. -denis ra … see more 

rt a woman in was killed when she detonated an explosive vest during a raid , french officials said . … 
a woman hiding out in an apartment in st. -denis was killed when she detonated an explosive vest 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - new york times 
top story : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special fo … see more 
top story : retweets woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by spe … see more 
woman killed in raid after detonating explosive vest - diesel , a 7-yr-old police dog , also killed 
woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces — via nytimesworld@ 
woman detonates suicide vest in st-denis raid in paris via 
top woman killed in raid ; 5 arrested by special forces - the new york ti … see more 
paris : updates on the terror attacks : paris : updates on the terror attacks ! 
rt woman killed in raid in paris ; three men captured by special forces . live updates : 
woman killed in raid . 5 suspects arrested . 
the raid in st. -denis brought major disruption to residents and commuters 
woman killed in raid via 


rt facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 

abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 
rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant frm belgium whose family wanted him dead 

what's happening to obamacare premiums 


you probably have a to-go pasta dish . next time , try this one instead . 
rt rt nytimes : you probably have a to-go pasta dish . next time , try this one instead . … 

anger and doubt rise after idaho man’s fatal encounter wit 
family of man killed by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
even not discussing criminal history , just glowing " quiet , godly man " angle . compare w/ ferguson . 
family of idaho man says he was " murdered " by police 
and we have shooting incident , so not looking great but still come 
" let’s go see what god created . " 
intersting read that offers alternative but still negative narrative on police-civillian interactions in idaho town 
some of tight-knit dynamics ; interesting piece from on " anger , doubt " after fatal encounter 
annals of idaho : white conservatives also don't like it when their loved ones are shot and killed by the police 
anger and doubt rise after man’s encounter with 
good boy ; dindu nuffin . 
police are shooting good ol ' boys now . wonder if that will change any attitudes ? 
anger and doubt rise after idaho ranch owner's fatal encounter with deputies 
idaho deputies fatally shot a local man and his small western town seeks his justice 
family of man by deputies in idaho says it was murder 
anger and doubt rise after idaho man's fatal encounter with deputies - new york times 



eagles of death metal make first statement on paris attacks 
rock and roll will stand . 
\m/ “ love overshadows evil . ” \m/ 
story eagles of death metal make first state … see more 
the band , which was headlining at the bataclan on friday when gunmen stormed the venue , said on f ... via 


rt husband remembers his wife , " merry , with her camera and surrounded by a bunch of kids " … 




turkey shoots down russian warplane near syrian border 
rt downs plane has destabilized world thanks … 
[ nytimes ] turkey shoots down russian warplane near syrian border : it was thought to be the first time a nato c ... 
turkey shoots down russian warplane near syrian border : it was thought to be the first time a nato country has ... 
wold war 3 is on it's way 
express travel turkey shoots down russian warplane near syrian border : it was thought to be the first time ... 
rt turkish fighter jets shot down a military plane close to the syrian border on tuesday … 
rt nyt : now it's even more unlikely that russia would drop support for assad . turkey shoots down russian warplane . … 

the eiffel tower is closed again 
eiffel tower is closed once again - new york times 
it has been confirmed that the eiffel tower is closed due to a bomb threat 
eiffel tower is closed once again — via nytimesworld 
updates on paris . 
" responding to hatred with anger would be to fall to the same ignorance that made you the people you are . " a . leiris 

rt rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease he had battled since he first turned pro … 
“ rugby star jonah lomu died of a rare kidney disease ” sad day . such a great player 


" morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . " 

surpasses as the world's deadliest group . 
good 4 them that they r targeting ' who cares ' & not west ! ranked ahead of for deadliest terror group 
ranked ahead of isis for deadliest terror group 
boko haram was responsible for 6664 deaths last year , more than any other terrorist group in the world , including is 
ny times newtop story : boko haram ranked ahead of isis for deadliest terror gro … see more 
rt our bias against africa . boko haram kills more people last year than isis ; what are we doing about it ? … 
rt boko haram , not isis , is the world's deadliest terrorist group 

fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and trey gowdy 
rt fmr benghazi investigator suing for firing him and making false statements about it : v … 
rt podliska , fired from benghazi cmte for not attacking is suing to be reinstated : … 
fmr benghazi investigator suing for firing him and making false statements about it : via 
fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader . 
rt fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader 
" fired investigator sues house benghazi committee and its leader " by michael s . schmidt via 
rt fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : … 
podliska , fired from benghazi cmte for not attacking is suing to be reinstated : via 
fired living thing sues construction benghazi organisation and its living thing 
fmr benghazi investigator says he was fired for not going after now he's suing : via 

" how amazon’s long game yielded a retail juggernaut " 
rt while king of pure play-its still a drop in the retail bucket-how amazon’s long game yielded a retail juggernaut … 
a look at how amazon owns distribution : 
in praise of the long game ( sort of ): on ' how amazon's long game yielded a retail juggernaut ' 
says consumers spend 3x more after joining prime b/c it alters psychology , do you agree ? 
rt wow ! by 2020 , " conservatively " , amazon will have 50% of us households signed up for prime ! … 
. ' s enormous investments in infrastructure & logistics have begun to pay off 
amazon’s long game ... simply amazing 
amazon is a juggernaut . 
how amazon’s long game yielded a juggernaut 
how yielded a retail juggernaut 
you need faith in your idea but be open to changing trends . great piece on amazon by in 
how amazon's long game resulted in a retail juggernaut > < 
rt it is predicted that by 2020 , 50 percent of american households will have joined prime . stunning . … 
how long game yielded a juggernaut 
amazon . how huge and dominant will they someday be ? 
how my favorite company did it and does it . 
how long game yielded a retail juggernaut 
rt how amazon’s long game yielded a juggernaut 
mt wow ! by 2020 , " conservatively " , amazon will have 50% of us households signed up for prime ! 
rt amazon - has hit a market cap of usd 310 billion . its reaping the benefits of truly thinking long term . … 
there is a simple explanation for amazon’s rise , and also a second , more complicated one , amazon web services . 
will amazon prime have 50% of the us population as subscribers by 2020 ? 



targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers and costs 
according to concludes laboratory-developed tests have harmed patients due to inaccuracies 
fda targets inaccurate medical tests . 
the fda targets inaccurate medical tests , citing the dangers and costs . 
regulating reliability of laboratory tests : harm unknown because adverse events not tracked . 
rt fredhutch : fda targets inaccurate medical tests : " problems are more prevalent than people want to recogni … 
twitter doctors f.d.a. targets inaccurate medical tests , citing d … see more 
" targets inaccurate tests , citing dangers and costs , " as thousands get unnecessary operations & 
ldt issue reaches article seems to assert fda regulation of ldts is inevitable 
inaccurate lab tests may prompt abortions & unneeded surgery , says 
f.d.a. targets inaccurate citing dangers and costs 
targets inaccurate tests manufactured & used w/in a single lab- rhodium assists clients in compliance . 
targets inaccurate citing and 
" false positive " testing worse than no testing at all 
fda targets inaccurate and unreliable medical tests : 
targets inaccurate medical tests , citing dangers & costs . by false positives and negatives 
rt overuse & over interpretation of medical tests rampant in our culture fda cracking down on poor … 
overuse & over interpretation of medical tests rampant in our culture fda cracking down on poor performers 

chill grips a michigan haven for syrian families 
i grew up , peacefully , in suburban detroit amid refugees from iraq/iran . why are arab refugees suddenly a threat ? 
rt michigan is home to nearly 200 syrian refugees . this family arrived last week . … 
a chill grips a haven for families . 
syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven in michigan 
" we didn’t cross illegally , ” he said . he threw his hands in the air . “ we went through hell to get here . ” 
syrian refugees are not terrorists . shutting them out is just mean-spirited bigotry . 
no matter yr take on the issue , you should know what it's like to actually be a syrian refugee in the us : 
rt tannercurtis : michigan is home to nearly 200 syrian refugees . this family arrived last week . … 
share this story by on syrian refugees in us with people on both sides of the issue : 
sawyerbrendan : good nytimes read why should remain open for business/welcome those fleeing violence like … 
good read why should remain open for business/welcome those fleeing violence like that of 
in michigan , syrian refugees cling to a longtime haven 
ouch nyt : in detroit suburbs refugees trade mideast war 4 cold winters , strip malls&houses as uniform asmonopoly pces 
writes a fantastic , heartbreaking article on syrian in michigian : 
a grips a haven for 
< " we didn’t cross illegally , ” he said . he threw his hands in the air . “ we went through hell to get here . " > 
" they said , ‘ we’ll send you to michigan ' ... they told us it’s very beautiful . " it is . 
according to the n york times the us has acceptet 1.800 syrian refugees since october 2014 . 
rt syrian refugees face distrust in michigan , once a haven for displaced families . … 



“ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race 
rt nytimes : “ this is not my time , ” bobby jindal said as he quit gop presidential race … 

5 are shot near minneapolis protests , police say 
" 5 are shot near minneapolis protests , police say " by the associated press via nyt 
5 are shot near minneapolis protests . police search for three white men wearing masks . 
protestors shot at a closing borders won't help if the enemy is within . 
5 activists were shot by white supremicists near a minneapolis police station : 
5 protestor shot in minneapolis , police say 
meanwhile in america : 3 white males sought as 5 are shot near minneapolis protests 
this hurts my heart . 
5 are shot at protests , 
5 shot " near " protest . i'm sure the passive , random tone of this headline is unintentional . 😑 
5 shot at minneapolis protest , by 

one slogan , many methods : enters politics 
pursues new pathways of engaging people for change 
one slogan , many methods : black lives matter enters politics 
rt john eligon's story good to share w/those who mistakenly generalize about a complex movement . https :/ … 
one slogan , many methods : black matter enters 
good piece 
people staying in the struggle ... all day e'ry day ! 
rt one slogan , many methods : enters politics 
is healthier with , " one slogan , many methods : enters 
one slogan , many methods : lives matter enters politics 
beyond amazed and excited by the power of 
good analysis on which is putting pressure on both political parties 
i'm curious to see how black lives matter and other black liberation activists react to this report from 
how about black power brutality via black panthers ? note panther hand sign . 
does this mean whites or asian can do this also ? 
black lives matter enters politics -- will be fascinating to see how activists shape 2016 election 


why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
rt plain and simple : why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
rt syrians already subject to additional checks than other refugees . here's the process : … 
rt worst possible way to smuggle in terrorists . 
retweeted melissa fleming ( reality check : why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter ... 
two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. , but australia can do it in a matter of months ? 
why it takes two years for syrian to enter the us : 
rt why syrian refugees must wait two years to enter the united states . 
rt good information on the current screening process in place for syrian refugees → 
rt why it takes 2 years for a syrian refugee to apply to come to the us 
mt excellent info from why it takes 2yrs to enter the us 
rt excellent , succinct info from why it takes 2 yrs to enter the us . … 
rt this is why it currently takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. … 
rt the 20 step refugee resettlement process that has bigoted politicians and islamophobes so worried . 
rt why it takes two years to screen syrian refugees trying to get into the us 
why it takes two years for to enter the u.s : 
for anyone who's wondering , this is what syrian refugees have to go through to get here . spoiler : it takes awhile . 
saddened , dismayed at your vote w house republicans . the current system works ! 
rt why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
good people of america do not be alarmed by our leaders ' fear mongering . they don't know the laws ( as they should ) 
as usual , is talking thru the wrong orifice on syrian refugees . here are some actual facts . 
here is a good description of procedures for vetting refugees . 
the two year security process it takes for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. 
important link for the holidays : details of 2+ years process it takes syrian refugees to enter u.s. 
rt the twenty steps of the vetting processs go through before we accept them : https : … 
afraid of refugees ? check out screening process they have to pass - the new york times 
rt with mere 20-step us review process for syrian refugees , i can see why the demagogues worry . … 
rt the dumbest path for a terrorist to sneak attack the u.s. is to pose as a syrian refugee ... 
rt excellent infographic about the thorough background/security checks already in place for refugees resettling in usa . htt … 
rt here's why it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the united states … 
" why it takes 2 years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. " good read . 
why in takes two years to screen refugees 
it takes two years for syrian refugees to enter the u.s. and the house just voted to tighten screening procedures 
rt 20 steps & security checks ( including proposed ) refugees must pass , before being admitted to u.s. ht … 


networks are taking longer drop shows , and that's awesome : via 
with tv viewing changing , networks take longer to drop shows . 
networks now take longer to drop shows due to ratings , cancellation costs , binge-viewing 
delayed viewing means tv shows are now being axed later . 
networks today are hesitant to drop shows with much of television viewing changed . 
the abc drama “ wicked city ” was the first show of the new television season , now nine weeks deep , to get the ax . ind … 
cbs web technologies 
rt notes on why there's only been one cancelation in network tv this season 
with tv changing , networks take longer to drop shows . maybe they're waiting for c+30 ? 


paul ryan calls for halt to syrian refugee program 
republicans call 4 halt 2 syrian refugeeprogram ( and many democrats joined them , here's why ? ) 
i’ve joined a bipartisan group of legislators in calling for a suspension of the syrian refugee program . 
republicans call for halt to syrian ... | 
also tuesday , two senators announced a push for a formal authorization of military force agains .. 
rt house speaker paul ryan calls 4 halting syrian refugee program . it's now officially on the republican platform … 
to reject refugees is as bad as 1930s when us rejected jews fleeing saying they were communist spies 
republicans call for halt to human program - new york times 
us house pressures obama to kill refugee plan 

the paris attacks have focused the west’s attention on isis’s civilian toll 


mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presi ... 
took detour from life as scion t argentine presidency 
a look at mauricio macri , president-elect of argentina and massive freddie mercury fan by 
mauricio took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency 
macri : from business to soccer to politics . 
should read this one ( rand among his favs ! ) macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency 
macri's election a big deal , but peronists have only held the presidency for 33% of last 4 decades , contra the nyt 
mauricio took detour from life as scion to presidency 
at boca juniors macri first displayed his preference for working in teams and mediating between quarrelling parties 
macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presidency - new york times 
argentina's president-elect says being kidnapped in 1991 put him on path to politics . a profile : 
an important election 
rt pesonaindon mauricio macri took detour from life as scion to argentine presi ... 

a rallying cry in paris : " everyone to the bar ! " 
a rallying cry in paris : “ everyone to the bar ! ” 

" i wasn't going to write " talking paris with kids " until i saw how beautifully this dad handled it : " 
one parent , on paris : they might have guns , but we have flowers 
one french parent to his son , “ they may have guns , but we have flowers ” 
motherlode blog : one parent , on paris : they might have guns , 
some of us help . some bring flowers . some can't help but bring their fear . talking paris w/ kids 
they have guns . we have flowers . talking to kids at different ages about paris : 
a little boy and his father converse about the paris attacks . what happens at the end is really sweet ... 
seriously dad of the year- you must see this : via 
a precious conversation : " they might have guns , but we have flowers " 
how do we talk to our kids about paris ? via 
look for the helpers , appreciate the flowers , and don’t let fear stop you . ❤ ️ 
this is a great article for us parents trying to find the right words when talking to our kids in times of tragedy . 
in the wake of tragedy : " don’t let fear stop you from being the person you want to be when the worst happens " 


microsoft , once infested with security flaws , does an about-face ( 
rt yes has changed . once infested with security flaws , it has done an about-face 
sheds reputation as an easy mark for 
the once-flawed has turned its reputation around and cleaned up its act . details from 
microsoft sheds reputation as an easy mark for via 
where we learn that microsoft spends more than $1 billion a year on security-related initiatives : 
impresses even the toughest experts . launches operations center 
rt once infested with flaws , does an about-face 
rt sheds reputation as an easy mark for hackers - 
interesting reading on corporate citizenship 
microsoft is now leading the field in terms of security . a real shift of mentality thus reshaping market perception . 

a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins - the new york times - 
a rare night out ends in tragedy for two close cousins 
a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins — via 
dear friend of dear friends of mine . full of ' joie de vivre ! " , love , life & sunshine . no words suffice .. rip pierro 

" your life is really good when you have a heated toilet seat . ” 
cult of the toto toilet 
posh but is there a for this loo . " the cult of the toto via 
what a surprise ... as difficult to get americans to upgrade their toilet as it is to upgrade to management . 
not your average commode . cult of the toto washlet . cost ? $ 2,400 to $ 9,800 each 
until you sit on a you ain't taken a real crap . 
regarding the $ 9,800 toilet 
rt apparently is a thing ? all you need to do is install a to upgrade to luxury … 
rt says a lot about the cult of the japanese toto toilet that this piece is in the fashion & style section of the times https://… 
the cult of the washlet . 
why are americans still using toilet paper ? toilet is long overdue 
the cult of toto 
sharing the auto links popping and linksexploaded under the rainbow !! 

rt another tribute to matthieu by " a father with the ‘ charisma to be the lead singer " … 
in paris , mourning a father with the " charisma to be the lead singer " 
another tribute to matthieu by " a father with the ‘ charisma to be the lead singer " via 
top story : retweets mourning a father with the ‘ charisma to … see more 
top mourning a father with the ‘ charisma to be the lead singer ’ - the ne … see more 

review : in ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter 
rt kazi_celebrity ⭐️ • review : in ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter : no . 7 in a series , “ cre … 
review : in ' creed , ' rocky's back , as a mentor , not a fighter via 
rt artscultureblog review : in ' creed , ' rocky's back , as a mentor , not a fighter via nytimesarts 
top story : review : in ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter see more 
review : in ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fighter : no . 7 in a series , “ creed ” stars michael b .... 
ao scott loves it 
no . 7 in a series , “ creed ” stars michael b . jordan as sylvester stallone’s protégé . it’s a rarity ... via 
rt bam ! says " creed " might be the best boxing movie since the original " rocky " way back in 1976 . … 
creed rave in nyt . see it ! 
gonna fly now 
i'm actually very eager to see this . 
review : in ‘ creed , ’ rocky’s back , as a mentor , not a fight ... ♥ buyfb 
liking " creed , " says stallone " is at his best when he works comfortably within his limitations as an actor " 
yo , everyone : " creed , " a cheering writes , is " a terrific boxing movie . " 
" a boxing movie without clichés is like a political campaign without lies . " - a.o. scott ( you devil ): 
" michael b . jordan’s limitations have yet to be discovered . " my " vince " in " creed " . forever . 
had a.o. scott in his feelings . cc 
i've never seen a.o. scott so giddy about a movie : here's his review for " creed " : 


foiling electronic snoops in email 
around 60% of sent emails use trackers , detecting when and where messages are opened . here's what to know : 
rt this week's tech fix is on email trackers and the various ( not ideal ) ways to stop them 
the new york times via digg 
a review of the options available to keep companies from tracking you in email : 
another technology arms race : email tracking . can be used for good or evil or just plain creepy . 
" by some estimates , trackers are now used in as much as 60 percent of all sent emails . " 
grouping entity : foiling electronic organisms in communicating 
abstraction attribute : foiling electronic living things in abstract entity 
thanks for the heads up re email trackers been planning to review my email subs - will expedite that ! 
after reading this article on email tracking , i changed my settings . 
foiling the electronic snoops in your email : 
“ practically every marketing email now contains some form of a tracker . ” 
stopping snoops on 
security , security . email snoops beware ! 

don lemon doesn't get offended 
i love he does a great job rt “ don lemon doesn't get offended ” 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 


don lemon doesn't get offended 
if you were wondering about lsu grad he sees himself more as a malcolm not martin 
nytimes : don lemon doesn't get offended 

reading duly endorsed . alternative drink suggested . kisses . :) 
ta-nehisi coates wins national book award : 
bravo to fellow on his award ! 
rt congratulations to the national book award winners . 
rt ta-nehisi coates = national book award thank you for writing a beautiful , important and timely no … 
adding to other honors bestowed upon him this year , has won the what a year ! 
rt well deserved 
rt many congrats to for his national book award . check it out from our cafe collection today ! … 
wins national book award . so well deserved !!! 
congratulations to this brave author ! wins national book award 
rt congrats to fellow on his award ! 
rt don delillo , always in character 
rt congrats to on winning the national book award ! 
“ between the world and me ” fellow ta-nehisi coates ' study being a black man in us wins nat'l book award . 
rt pleased that ta-nehisi coates won the award : a genuinely essential read in this pl … 
rt ta-nehisi coates wins 
one can completely empathize with african americans while rejecting ta-nehisi coates way of thinking 
congratulations to ta-nehisi coates for winning the national book award for his book " between the world and me " . 
did you catch this ? two black writers have won national book awards , ta-nehisi coates for non-fiction and robin ... 

what better way to declare the endurance of france than to live it up at a cafe , writes 
french return to cafes in a show of defiance . 
paris returns to life as normal -new york times 
rt french return to cafes and bistrots in a show of resolute determination … 
" still , they are french , and defiance seems to course through their veins " yep , that's exactly that ! 
the french are resilient . you can't keep them out of cafés ! 
rt french return to cafes in defiance via 
how terrorism fails 
rt france : " we will not let the terrorists win " america : " internment camps worked out , right ? " … 


for france , an alliance against isis may be easier said than done 
rt and so far efforts to form an alliance with russia against isis have moved haltingly htt … 
. on how makes money . it’s basically a diversified portfolio of terror . 
“ except for france and the united states , at this point no one thinks going after isis is the first priority . ” 
too little too late ? open to cooperate with 
except for us & france , no one thinks going after isis is the first priority , says via 
with authoritarian-sympathizing involved , everything’s easier said than done . 
what are we willing to give up to build a coalition against is ? via 
france’s plan to create a comprehensive coalition against isis may be “ easier said than done . ” 
. on in talk the talk of being part of solution , walk the walk of being part of problem 
for france , an alliance against may be easier said than done 
rt by attacking france and russia , the islamic state has brought the u.s. , russia and france into closer alliance . … 
alliance against isis may be easier said than done , via 
a coalition of the unwilling ? 
rt “ except for and the united states (?) , at this point no one thinks going after is the first priority ” https : … 
for an alliance against may be easier said than done 
the united states and russia have been drawn together against isis by the paris attacks , but disagreements between … 
the shifting world order on syria 
for an against isis may be easier said than done , & 
rt if wants alliance , should conduct its military ops . this way most europeans can play & they should . https : … 


germany-netherlands match canceled over security concerns 
germany-netherlands soccer match canceled over security concerns 
germany cancels soccer match with netherlands 
ah nevermind , seems like it was just a " suspicious object " twitter messing with us . 
germany-netherlands match canceled , evidence of plans to detonate an explosive device in the stadium : 
germany cancels match with the netherlands over security concerns - - 
police chief says there was serious threat to city and stadium , including plan for explosion . 

fact checks of the 2016 election 
fact check : donald trump says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
the new york times will be checking assertions made throughout the 2016 presidential campaign . 
fact checks of the u.s. 2016 election 
facts are not an element for some candidates . 
fact check : donald says he witnessed cheering of sept . 11 attacks 
well , this is fun , and horrible 
fact checks of the election - the new york times 
the herald news took pains to discredit what paterson officials were calling “ hateful gossip . ” 
fact check : marco rubio says ted cruz undermined intelligence programs 
fact checks of the 2016 usa elections 
" it is not ... anything that can be seen or heard or handled , but .... something that is imagined " 
one fact-checker to rule them all : today launches the first column as our in-house " doubting thomas . " 
caught in a ( gasp ) fib . he should never become a tv psychic 


something happened in network tv that's almost unheard-of these days : a show got canceled . 



good and clear explanation about the mess we are almost all in ... 
reveal the strategic limits of 
rt finally something interesting on the paris attacks , and not surprisingly , the author is olivier roy . 
olivier roy ( my colleague at eui florence ): france suffers but attacks in paris reveal the strategic limits of isis 
north : kurds , east : iraqi shittes , west : alawites ( now russian protected ) , south : unwelcoming lebanon & jordan 
" but war is not won without infantry " -thoughtful nyt piece on the isis puzzle 
globalized terrorism is no more effective , strategically than conducting aerial bombings without forces on the ground 
rt reveal the strategic limits of 
" globalized terrorism is no more effective , strategically , than conducting aerial bombings without groundforces " 
seems like has already peaked 
earnest fight against daesh starts with political agreement among regional players 
interesting analysis by olivier roy on daesh/isis 
goed maar deprimerend stuk : no regional player is willing to send out its forces to reclaim land from isis 
essential voice , essential points .... 
quoting has no support among the muslim people living in europe . it recruits only at the margins . " 
solid analysis says that t isis will not spread , but local forces are not in a hurry to defeat them : 
good summary of the interests dilemma . 
♻️ posting this again cos it's the best isis piece this week | the attacks in paris reveal strategic limits of isis 
the main actors in the middle east deem other enemies , not to be more important . 
very interesting article on the strategic limits of daesh/isis by olivier roy via 
has isis reached it's strategic limits ? 
rt a great piece that explains how has not been a priority for a majority of those involved . worth reading . … 

an early-morning raid north of paris 
an early-morning raid north of paris : the french police conducted a raid in st. -denis aimed at detaining ... 

nestl 
rt world's largest food company says all seafood companies in thailand exposed to sea slavery . https :/ … 
this is what happens when there are no laws restricting labor practices . 
“ sometimes , the net is too heavy , and workers get pulled into the water and just disappear . ” 
. reports on abuses in industry 
grim report on thailand’s seafood industry 
china cuts mobile service of xinjiang residents evading internet filters 
rt most of thailand’s seafood workers are migrants , brought into the country by traffickers . http … 


a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ - the new york times 
a good reminder not to be so impatient when you hear the dreaded " sick passenger " announcement : ( via 
rt our nyc subway ads got a little face time in this piece about the increasing sick delays :: … 
what do " sick passenger " & " police investigation " mean when your subway train is delayed ? you'll be surprised 
" sick passengers " are causing more delays than ever on but do we know what exactly is going on ? 
a hated phrase that new york subway riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
rt any of us can become annoyed by delays just as any of us can become ill on the train- empathy wins : … 
any of us can become annoyed by delays just as any of us can become ill on the train- empathy wins : ht 
this : … is nowhere near as troubling as the turd i saw on the subway this morning . 
oh it's nothing , i just know someone who has her picture in the 
there should be a " call for help " button in every car ! hated phrase that subway riders hear more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
a hated phrase that riders are hearing more : ‘ sick passenger ’ 
in a subway system with 469 stations and as many as six million riders a day , some riders are bound to get sick . 
a hated phrase that subway riders are hearing more : ' sick passenger ' 
the ' sick passenger ' is the urban bigfoot 
rt can't always blame people for being sick . mta should better inform passengers what to do when they're feeling ill … 
i was once sick on a train . but the conductor just put me off in mineola and pointed to a hospital . 
" a voice over the intercom delivers the bad news ... your train is delayed because of a sick passenger . " 
rt on the subway , one rider's illness is many riders ' delay . ' there has to be a better way to handle it . ' … 

what is general relativity ? 
100 year anniversary of einstein's general relativity . challenge yourself with this well written piece explaining it . 
in 1907 , einstein had his “ happiest thought ” — people in free fall don't feel their own weight 
a terrific ( and fun ) learning tool for considering einstein's theory of general relativity 
tfw you wake up in a lift but dunno if you're falling to your death or floating in space ? 
happy birthday , general relativity 
great graphic and video today explaining einstein's theory of relativity 
general relativity animation not quite right . light rays should curve around the galaxy , not bend in an angle . 
why does gravity bend light ? check out this graphic and video : 
100 years ago , theory of changed everything via 
brilliant graphic from explaining general relativity 
100 years ago this month -- perhaps the greatest insight of all time . 
here's a simple explanation of einstein's general theory of relativity to share with your students : 
relatively easy to grasp graphic explainer on einstein's theory of relativity by the talented 
einstein's theory of relativity visually explained . by 
great short video on einstein crosses and rings ( bottom of the article ) - the new york times 

a century ago , einstein’s " theory of relativity " changed everything 
" and on nov . 25 , 1915 , ( einstein ) set down the equation that rules the universe " woah ! 
the ' equation that rules the universe ' . einstein’s theory of relativity turns 100 . 
rt how einstein's theory of relativity changed everything 
right in the middle of wwi , " a century ago , theory of relativity changed everything " 
rt " gravity was not a force transmitted across space-time like magnetism ; it was the geometry of space-time itself " … 
a century ago , theory of changed everything - the new york times 
nytimes : a century ago , einstein’s theory changed everything 
rt einstein’s theory of relativity changed everything 100 years ago , via 
one hundred years ago this week ; einstein’s theory of relativity changes everything 
in the bad times let's not forget the genius of humanity 100 years to the very day einstein sat down and wrote ... 
" ... on nov . 25 , 1915 , he set down the equation that rules the universe ... " 
a century ago , theory of relativity changed everything by via 
if general relativity failed - einstein : "' then i would have been sorry for the dear lord . the theory is correct . '" 
rt mt great piece by d . overbye century ago einstein’s theory of relativity changed everything … 
happy 100th birthday after all these years , your curves still rock my universe . 
it's all relative . 
happy 100th birthday , relativity ! 
rt a century ago , einstein ? s theory of relativity changed everything 
a century ago , einstein's theory of relativity changed everything no such thing as absolute reference 

judge orders frozen embryos destroyed 
feminist caterwauling in 3 , 2 , 1 … 
california judge orders frozen embryos of divorced couple destroyed 
when lose the right to have children in divorce cases , it regresses our cause too far back 
" california judge orders frozen destroyed , " as ex-husband wins challenge against ex-wife's right . 

u.s. offers $5 million reward for senior isis figure 

experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo 
icymi : nov 18 : bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo cc 
rt bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo : 
" the photograph alone cannot establish that the isis accomplished any of this " 
was it wise of to give everone helpful instructions for making isis depiction of a soda can bomb operable ? 
on the isis soda-can bomb photo — via 
bomb experts analyze the soda-can bomb photo 
bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo - the new york times ambienteod this is all it takes . 
information about the bomb that isis claims took down the russian plane - tav 
the photo of the purported can-bomb that isis claims it put on the russian jet " could be calculated misinformation " 
bomb experts analyze the isis " soda can " device . short summary : easy to build , not very sophisticated . 
hassanein hiridjee inspiration : bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb ph … see more 
interesting read on the opinion of bomb experts on the schweppes gold device 
bomb experts analyse the soda-can bomb photo . 

your wednesday briefing 
" your wednesday briefing " by adeel hassan via nyt nyt now via 

is suspected after explosion in kills 32 
last tues , an explosion in a nigerian city killed 32 people . 
mark zuckerberg should change the facebook icon to the nigerian flag 
the beat goes on and on 
is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
boko haram is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
rt is suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
terrorist attack in nigerian marketplace claims 32 innocent lives - boko haram is suspected , read more here : 
former natsec adviser for nigeria accused of stealing $2 billion that was supposed to be for fighting boko haram 
rt rt hey are you going to declare war on boko haram too ? 
boko haram , gop governors suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
boko haram suspected after explosion in nigeria kills 32 
shared a link 
another attack . evidence for thesis that displaced rebels/terrorists likelier to target civilians 

sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 
nytimes : sepp blatter’s latest effort to keep hold of power at fifa has failed 


pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel 
pumpkin bread with chocolate chip streusel - looks delicious ! 
"" by unknown author via nyt 

reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect - new york times -- = 
rt reports of gunfire in suburb as police seek 9th suspect 
reports of gunfire in paris suburb as police seek suspect — via 

it was a game that meant nothing . except that on this night nothing felt like everything . 


justice antonin scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections - 
320 ) justice antonin scalia questions gay rights protections , but also knows lgbt billionaire$ wins via 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind rights protections - 
justice antonin scalia questions logic behind protections via retire already 
justice questions logic behind gay rights protections . he's doing more than 
scalia does it for the lulz , apparently . 
officials at report std levels rising to alarming levels via 
scalia's a moron with idiotic comparison . justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections 
justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
so glad that in this time of hating muslims , scalia has found time to hate gay people too 
ignoring the history of civil rights , scalia equates laws protecting my marriage to laws protecting child molesters . 
well , this makes me so angry , i want to vomit : 
scalia's just being a troll here . because he hates to lose . and we're winning . via 
antonin scalia : supreme court justice questions constitutionality of gay rights protection scalia made his ... 
have you seen this ? i predict regressive left hashtag slacktivists asking for scalia to step down 
once again , it's the difference between the letter and the spirit of the thing . c'mon , scalia -- smell the coffee ! 
this dude is a turd . 
question - must remove poor treatment of gays from islam ? what about from christians here ? 
are you really going to compare it to pedophiles ? justice scalia questions logic behind gay rights via 
please file under “ headlines i wish i could unsee ” - 
realizing that people like these have doctorate degrees from harvard & yale proves education means nothing 
child abusers and pederasts hurt people . way to make analogies that don't work , scalia . via 
" ... mmmmm don't look at me , but , as i've said , it's unnatural ... and ... perverted also . " 
it's never nice to wish for someone's death , but it'll be so sweet when this fucker finally croaks 
so scalia can't distinguish between groups like black , gays or women and groups like child abusers and pederasts 
it's 2015 . stop comparing lgbt people to criminals & pedophiles . even for scalia this hate is beyond the pale . 
antonin scalia questions protections afforded to people ; says same logic could apply to child molesters . 
u.s. supreme ct justice scalia compares protecting people to protecting child molesters 
this language from scalia is irresponsible and hateful . i get you having a moral issue but supporting hate ... 
justice scalia reveals again that be doesn't seem to understand much of anything by comparing gays to child ... 
breaking : justice scalia is skeptical of carolene products footnote 4 . 
rt god bless justice scalia for presenting his anti-gay views in the most unattractive and unconvincing way possible . https :/ … 
uncharacteristic representation on nyt's part . scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections via 
justice scalia is a sad , reprehensible , impotent man ; likens lgbtq+ protections to child molesters . via 
in news from the late 1700s : scalia questions logic behind gay rights protections :: via 
i used to think scalia had a great legal mind that i disagreed with . but really , he's just a smug asshole . 
rt justice scalia is not only an asshole , but one totally unaware of the world he lives in - 

thanks for the warm welcome to our red panda cubs , bo and mei mei , 
new york today : welcome to the jungle 
baby red pandas in brooklyn . this is not a drill . 
even if you don't like red pandas , has something for you : piglets ! bears ! patagonian cavies ! otters ! 
nytmetro : rt tatertatiana : even if you don't like red pandas , has something for you : piglets ! bears ! pata … 



on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
12 . blog entry : bernie sanders , 2003-2011 american iraq war , conflict inappropriateness : sanders takes cue from dean 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " by patrick healy via 
" on invading iraq , bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean " by patrick healy via nyt 
on invading sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
smart piece contrasting sanders and dean on invading iraq and ousting hussein . 
on invading learns from howard dean's mistakes 
on invading iraq , bernie answers katie couric with vivid context & clear common sense . true foreign policy prowess ! 
first draft : on invading bernie sanders takes a cue from howard dean 
first draft : on invading iraq , bernie sanders … 
rt just say no : on invading takes a cue from 2016 … 

this is the perfect finish to a thanksgiving feast ( via 
rt make the pie dough today , and it will be one less thing to worry about on thursday ( via … 

don lemon doesn’t get offended 
if don lemon weren't a journalist , he'd " be a writer like james baldwin . " or maybe an activist -- but more x than mlk . 
lol , ok , don lemon . 
don lemon says if he weren't busy being don lemon he'd " probably be a writer like james baldwin . " that or malcolm x . 
rt don lemon said this . i'm just going to leave this here . 
. doesn’t get offended because insolence and dumbassery . 
“ i am not setting out to be a provocateur . i am setting out to inform people and to get ( them ) to think . ” ... 
“ i am not setting out to be a provocateur ( but ) to inform people ” doesn’t get offended| via 
interviewer " how does someone get to be as self-accepting as you ? " , don lemon " what's the alternative ? " 
" if you don’t make room for the possibility that you can be intolerant then there is a good chance that you are . " 
" i am setting out to inform people " : don lemon tries to explain away his awful and offensive reporting : 
don lemon : " i would like to have a judgment-free-zone place where we can go -- all of us -- and we can all talk . " 
" the best way to improve yourself is to improve yourself . " 
rt “ don lemon said this . im just going to leave this here ” ht … 
" i'd probably be a writer like james baldwin . " 
rt for those looking for the link : 
my comment on doesn’t get offended via 
don lemon thinks he could be jesus christ q : that sound you hear when don lemon talking ? a : 

marine le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
not before time and being sagged of as racist etc . 
le front national is going to make huge gains in france ... and not for the better . 
wonder how that'll play out in france w/ marine le pen's message gaining traction & upcoming election 
who didn't see this coming ? exactly what those thugs wanted : le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
marine le pen's anti-islam message gains influence in france - 
terrifying : marine le pen's gaining more of an audience post- 
history repeating itself ? 
you think she stopped by the elysee palace to measure for curtains ? le pen v hollande in 2017 ?... 
marine le pen’s anti-islam message in france don't get caught up in the political selfserving propaganda . 
unsurprising , but very troubling + counter-productive : le pen’s anti-islam message gains influence in france 
... and this is an understatement , i'm sure 
no , the national front party : 
" this repeated connection — immigration equals islamism & terrorism — is playing powerfully in the minds of voters . " 

mourners reflected in the bullet-pierced glass of le carillon in paris on tuesday 

french president françois hollande said he'll travel to washington next week to meet with president obama 
hollande plans to discuss ‘ large coalition ’ with obama and putin - the new york times ping 

a soccer stadium in germany is reportedly being evacuated because of a suspicious package 



personal is more important than perfect this holiday season 
" in praise of the good enough holiday " 
" that which is recorded on the heart is , alas , not instagrammable . " 
i know this is just some other bs nyt think-piece about the state of humankind in the modern world , but it's good -> 
has social media killed our entertaining buzz ? 

rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attacks … 
police say target of raids was belgian suspect 
the paris prosecutor’s office said that the target of raids in the northern paris suburb of st. -denis was ... 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing … 
rt police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the at … 
police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , the militant suspected of organizing the attac … 
points : police say the target of raids in st. -denis was abdelhamid abaaoud , th … 

7 bryant park embraces its place in the 
this piece on 7 bryant park in manhattan is great , has me thinking about buildings playing off spaces in seattle . 
hmm . / last week / this week 
7 bryant park embraces its place in city •go to for a great website with wise advice on life 
7 bryant park .... the newest office gem built thanks to the revival of bryant park 
two conclusions from this article : i need to visit 7 bryant park , and i need to read whatever harry cobb has written 

prayers for maxime : looks like i had a distant relative among the victims of the paris attacks , 
maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the bataclan concert hall 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan massacre 
remember maxime bouffard — via 
points : maxime bouffard was one of the first to die in the attack at the batac … 
maxime bouffard , 26 , was one of the first victims at bataclan mas … — via 

storm system batters colorado and 
same storm blocked both co residents in the snow and brought tornadoes to tx tuesday 

nyt now : live updates on the terror attacks investigation 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of d … — via 
charlie hebdo : “ screw them . we have champagne . ” 
charlie hebdo and other french publications deliver messages of defiance 
live updates on the terror attacks investigation – via 
how do folks feel about charlie hebdo's cover ? is it bold ? insensitive ? both ? i want to say both . 
les inrockuptibles , charlie hebdo and others remain defiant against extremism 
ahh i love the french so much . " they have weapons . screw them , we have champagne ! " 
. on the latest charlie hebdo cover , and the message of defiance in french media after 
cover junkie 


matthieu mauduit , whose brother died at the bataclan , has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's memory 
matthieu mauduit , whose brother died at the bataclan , has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's memory via … 
nytimes : matthieu mauduit , whose brother died at the bataclan , has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's m … 
matthieu mauduit , whose brother died at the bataclan , has an unconventional plan to honor his sibling's memo … 
following a musical thread throughout his life via here's a temporal one : 
incredible story . following a musical thread throughout his life — via nytimesworld 
feature of cédric mauduit one of the many victims : following a musical thread throughout his life via 

an african king in 
rt a simple , humble african king in bolivia 
from randall's page 
" ... to the king ! " 
features communities that are home to approximately 2% of uac-cp students . 
this modest monarch can trace his lineage to west africa , where his ancestor prince uchicho was enslaved in 1820 . 
lost royalty ? 
how an african king ended up running a small grocery store in bolivia via 
new article in nytimes about the afro-bolivian king , julio pinedo ... 
just across from the touristic village of coroico , lives one of the remaining african kings !... 
rt jamesestrin : a simple , humble african king in bolivia nytimesphoto … 



" what does marco rubio actually think about syrian refugees ? " 

two ice age lion cubs found frozen in siberian permafrost . 
frozen lion cubs still have their fur 12,000 years later 
there is a place called the kingdom of permafrost museum ..! i want to visit . 
a furry pair of lion cubs born in the ice age have been found " perfectly frozen " in the siberian arctic 
frozen lion cubs found in siberia still have their fur 12,000 years later 
cute little cave lion , only 12,000 years old : 
frozen lion cubs still have their fur 12000 years later - new york times 

in iceland , a literary tour explores rich history 
rt literary travel : in iceland , a literary tour explores rich history , via 
iceland has more books published , more books read per person than anywhere else in the world 
" i could write here , i thought . there is a constant struggle in this place " 
in , a literary tour explores rich history 
a tour of explores rich history 
iceland , a country of story-tellers , with an almost 100% literacy rate 
icelanders , a nation of storytellers . nice piece by 
iceland has more books read per person than any other country ... 
a literary tour in iceland , where a culture of storytelling seems to be the source of their greatest national pride : 
in iceland , literary tour explores rich history one of the traits that made isl the most magical place i've visited 
in from 
rt in from 
fantastic article on the literary scene in iceland : a nation of readers and writers . 


rt a rare night out in paris ends in tragedy for two close cousins 


holiday travelers facing tougher security measures 
[ thanksgiving travelers facing tougher security measures [ 


top story : get your tank refill now gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest o … see more 
the yale problem begins in high school 
2 men held in shooting of 5 at minneapolis black lives matter protest 
2 men are held in shootings at minneapolis protest 
rt white supremacists shot protestors in minneapolis . i have no words . 
praying for peace for everyone touched by the killing of jamar clark by a minneapolis police officer and the ... 
it feels like just last week that liberals and the right mocked the activist left for talking about ' safe spaces ' 
rt white supremacists shot 5 activists at minneapolis protests last night … 
lord , make us instruments of your peace . our world so needs your peace . 
gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of police in minneapolis 
what " news outlets " ? buzzfeed ? gawker ?? try reading some real news . 
what can i say : don't worry about me here in mexico city -- i am worried about you and how the usa is going :-( ... 
top story gunmen sought after 5 are shot at protest of police in … see more 
rt white supremacists shoot 5 protesters . cops mace protesters . shooters still at large . … 
2 suspects arrested in shooting of 5 protesters 
rt man held in shooting of 5 at minneapolis black lives matter protest 
rt prayers and solidarity for the people injured and people still protesting at 
" some witnesses said on twitter that they had been sprayed with mace by the police following the shooting " 
rt domestic terrorism : gunmen shoot 5 people at protest . 
two arrested in last night's shooting : 
two men were arrested in connection with shootings at a minneapolis protest , by | 
rt armed white supremacy is the terrorist threat america must confront . everything else is a distraction . … 
i saw this coming a ways back . the media demonized blm for protesting . the media has blood on its hands . 
2 men held in shooting of 5 at minneapolis protest 
two men held in shooting of five people at minneapolis black lives matter protest 
2 men held in of 5 at black lives matter 
white supremacists shot protesters in minneapolis , and buried detail of police macing victims . 
rt kind of crazy minneapolis isn't trending , this news is ridiculous 
minneapolis story is centerstage on site . 
rt gunmen shoot 5 at minneapolis protest 
the press no longer identifies color of black perps -- that would be racist . but ok to call them white . 
two men arrested in connection with the overnight shootings of 5 people during a black lives matter protest 
the men were wanted in a shooting that left the victims with injuries that were not considered life-threatening . another man is still being sought . 

rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold . more photos from monday … 
rt a soldier patrolled an empty mall in brussels on monday . much of the city was closed … 
rt photos of the day 
pictures of the day : belgium and more 
photos of the day from 
rt snow accumulated on the great wall of china as winter took hold in the north of the country https … 
rt pictures of the day : 


rt a look at the altered images , bogus tweets and odd theories that spread across the internet after the paris attacks https : … 
paris attacks give rise to fakes and misinformation 
text book example on the misleading uses of the social media in emergencies . 
" people will share anything online in order to share something online . " 
when everyone has a voice , you're going to hear a lot of rubbish : paris attacks give rise to fakes & misinformation 
paris attacks gave rise to fakes and misinformation 
rt fascinating read about misinformation in the aftermath of tragedies . 
rumors , fake tweets , and a selfie of a canadian mistaken for a terrorist : beware of misinformation after big events 
not surprising : give rise to fakes and misinformation shared via social media via 
la razón's fake terrorist front page makes it into the new york times : 
give rise to fakes and misinformation , including mainstream media 
paris attacks give rise to misinfo 
read when terror strikes , count on new york times spending its resources debunking and not investigating conspiracy . 
this is undeniably true that on the internet , there is always something surprises you yet it's fake . 
give rise to and | via by 


morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

“ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer 
charlie sheen : i paid blackmailers $10 million to keep quiet about my hiv . 
" “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen in an interview with matt lauer " 


after paris attacks , we must stand 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable & , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
icymi , an editorial in the after paris attacks , vilifying 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable , as a strategy , misguided " 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " 
after paris attacks , vilifying refugees 
" confusing with terrorists is morally unacceptable and misguided " 
rt " confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and , as a matter of strategy , misguided " … 
confusing w terrorists = morally unacceptable + as a strategy , misguided " 
confusing w terrorists is morally unacceptable & misguided perception " 
rt confusing refugees with terrorists is morally unacceptable and strategically misguided 

" we know that when women have access to abortion , contraception and medically accurate sex education , they thrive . " 
" why i provide abortions " 
rt for health professionals like dr. willie parker , providing care is also about compassion for women : … 
" i want for women what i want for myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determination " dr. willie parker 
ob-gyn provides abortions in south because de facto bans deny self-determination , dignity , opportunity to thrive 
laws that restrict access to abortion do nothing to make it safer , only less accessible . - dr. wille parker 
rt abortion provider willie parker is doing the lord's work . let him tell you why : 
as shabbat approaches & we reflect on the week , we express gratitude to dr. parker 
rt " we who provide abortions do so because our patients need us . " ~ dr. willie j . parker ❤ ︎ 
" .. women face harsh life circumstances & incessant hostility , merely for wanting to exercise their rights " 
rt after a morning of helping students learn about abortion , this article rings especially true : … 
thank you , dr. willie parker ! = human rights 
rt why dr. parker is an abortion provider : " because i can ... because if i don’t , who will ? " … 
as this doc brags of his " compassion " for women , you'll find his sole mention of a child in paragraph 11 . 
rt inspired & strengthened by dr. willie parker's commitment to women's health . https … 
" i want 4 women what i want 4 myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determin8n & opprtnity 2 excel & contribute . " 
rt " i want for women what i want for myself : a life of dignity , health , self-determination & the opportunity to excel . " … 
rt we know that when women have access to and medically accurate ... 

rt if you agree : refugees should not be turned into scapegoats 
international relations stories u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned … see more 
u.n. agency says refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats ’ 
" many are fleeing extremism and terrorism – from the very people associated with the paris attacks . " 
it breaks my heart that the even has to make this statement : " refugees should not be scapegoats , " via 
live coverage | un agency says refugees should not be turned into ' scapegoats ' - new york times 
refugees should not be turned into ‘ scapegoats’! unhcr statement says it all : 

a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials said 
live coverage | german soccer match was canceled over ' concrete ' threat ... - new york times 
a soccer match between and the was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat : 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , official … 
a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled because of a " concrete " threat , officials s … 
points : a soccer match between germany and the netherlands was cancelled becau … 

at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one 
you should be scared , not for the armed poultry though ... 
rt racism has a unique characteristic in that after it trickles down through society , it goes right back up : … 
dear white people , here is an example of decision that is not hard . it is a no-brainer , in fact . wilson's name ... 
. profile of wilson’s racist views omits his party affiliation . 
woodrow wilson naming and shaming at princeton - whatever would they would think if they considered craigavon ? 
i am super tempted to read the comment section ... but i know that no good can come of that exploration . 
been learning a lot about president wilson lately . lots of stuff left out of history books . 
his loved " birth of a nation " - just saying : at princeton , woodrow wilson is recast as an intolerant one 
princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one • a bastardly anti-semite " gentleman . " 
wilson , a heralded princeton alum , recast as an intolerant one . let's not forget his praise for birth of a nation 
princeton , which admitted its first black student in the 1940s , reassesses the legacy of president woodrow wilson 
at princeton , addressing a racist legacy and seeking to remove woodrow wilson’s name 
not recast - just the truth finally coming out . woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as an intolerant one 
it's amazing how money can erase bigotry from history , or at least , camouflage it's presence ! 
as & therefore how do you feel seeing this play out w/marginalized in ... 
take off the name of racist woodrow wilson because his image is tarnished and he lacks the good character needed ... 
" at woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as " a on campus . 
renewed efforts among students , faculty , board , and alumni to discuss 
fucken negros suck its always something with u mutts 
so progressive : “ cultural competency training ” & " dedicated housing .... for those interested in black culture " 
democrats have always been racist ! -at princeton , woodrow wilson , a heralded alum , is recast as intolerant racist 
are we also going to get rid of all greco-roman architecture , and the name of every dude and woman who was sexist ? 
“ if the criteria for naming a building for someone was that they’d be perfect , we shouldn’t name buildings . ” 
as princeton recasts wilson as unworthy of recognition , who follows ? northwestern ? get out your history books . 
erasing history , or acknowledging racial realities ? 
rt we won't bring up woodrow wilson's south africa connections , right 
" ... wilson as president rolled back gains blacks had made since reconstruction , removing black officials from the ... 
rt '' if the criteria for naming a building for someone was that they’d be perfect , we shouldn’t name buildings '' … 
" up to this point , history had never been anything more than the history of power as told by power itself . " -mf 
at princeton , woodrow wilson is recast direct action gets the goods 
princeton students seek removal of woodrow wilson’s name , acknowledgment of his racist legacy : 


who passes ‘ commander in chief test’ ? • obama was born a shiite muslim . his " christian " pastor is a converted muslim ! 
reupping this from yesterday : how 2016 may mirror 2004 on national security 
after paris , who passes the ‘ commander in chief test’ ? 
leaving the democratic party after this election . fed up . 
social event stops : after area , who passes the ' physical object in chief problem solving' ? 
we may not want to politicize tragedies , but tragedies have political outcomes all the same . 

past student council president , vanessa alexandre , was featured in nyt ! check it out : 
putting the chicken before the egg 
goodness , is the us only just getting the idea about free range eggs ? 
putting the chicken before the egg - more of these please ! 
a n . california farm family finds chickens producing pastured eggs = golden geese 
pastured are one of the fastest-growing category of eggs in the us 
if , like me , you want your eggs from chickens who run around and enjoy the fjords all day , this is for you 
pastured eggs are one of the fastest-growing category of eggs in america today , as per the 
pasture-raised in the ! 
a growing market for pastured eggs from 
americans are learning to put the ( health of the ) chicken before the egg , so to speak : 
the best thing about chickens is you don’t have to herd them nyt : // i did not know this 
pastured eggs are on the rise ! take a look into this parental lesson turned pastured egg farm . 
growth in consumer awareness re : hens living conditions due 2 undercover videos . thanks ! 
revelation from humane farming : " the best thing about chickens is you don't have to herd them . " 
looks like a pasture raised success story ... 
we like to see news about animals on pasture .... why it is news , i am not sure , as it is the most natural thing in ... 
2nd article this a.m. making me want to run away , back to the country : i miss my chickens . 
putting the matter before the reproductive cell 
putting the pastured chicken before the egg via 
raising hens that have access to open pastures ? what an eggcellent idea 

strikes on raqqa in syria lead to more questions than results . 
rt results of french airstrikes on - 7+ targeted " abandoned empty locations . ” - 30 hit mainly outskirts … 
rt 2 . and if not , then are they hitting civilians/accepting more risk of that ? or empty land/bldgs , bombing for show ? https :/ … 
rt 1 . so if us can give france 10s of short-notice isis targets w/o killing civilians , why weren't they hit before ? … 
this article on french aviation strikes re raqqa by is on the money 
it seems the are faking the bombing campaign . strikes on raqqa in lead to more questions than results 
“ thank god , no civilians died , ” he said . from 
rt bombing for show ? us , syria , jordan , russia , now france : need revenge on isis ? drop a few bombs on raqqa ! syria https://… 
strikes on in lead to more questions than results 
strikes on raqqa in lead to more questions than results - more " security theater " ... 
french bombing missions strike nothing but empty buildings . lol ! 
on in lead to more than 
" why , if there's is targets that could be hit w/o killing civilians , weren't they hit long ago ? what was being hit ? " 
rt before every brit wets themselves in excitement over bombing isis in syria , it seems french airstrikes are for show . … 
why , if there were targets that could be hit without killing civilians , were they not hit long ago ? 
strikes on raqqa in syria " targeting abandoned empty locations 

aung san suu kyi has moved toward dominance in myanmar . her words have become provocative . 

ireland holds its first same-sex marriage ceremony 

awakening to a raid upstairs , and explosions - new york times : abc newsawakening to a raid upstairs , and explo ... 

experts explain how global powers can smash isis 
" experts explain how global powers can smash isil " via 
. talking about how to defeat isis , laughably out of his depth . how about some expert opinions : 
one of the more reasoned analyses of syria , is and possible responses . 
envisioning how global powers can smash isis 
rt an absolute must-read on a1 tomorrow about where isis came from , what it wants , and how to destroy it : … 
to unify to stop evil isis 
rt public has to see muslims as part of the solution to isis . https :/ … 
“ isis thrives on the failures of middle eastern governments , ” 
an ultimate defeat of the isis cannot happen without a reformation within islam 
experts explain how global powers can defeat isis 
best explainers yet on rise , and next questions , by 
rt more muslims debating islam could help counter - see but are muslim publics ready ? https :/ … 
how to beat 
much of the world agrees that the islamic state needs to be crushed : discussion : " how global powers can smash isis " 
isis , isil or daesh has proved to be as flexible and amoebalike as it is apocalyptic and brutal 
so , the " solution " to isis post-paris is same as before : removing assad , a counterweight to isis . makes sense right ? 
“ there is probably no solution to isis until there is a solution to assad ” 
pretty in-depth ( helpful for the layman ) overview of the isis problem . 
rt " to beat isis , you need the enlistment of the sunni forces that won’t happen as long as assad remains in power . " … 
experts explain how can smash isis 

isis shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet 
isis shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet : via 
rt in its magazine , is shows picture of what it claims is the type of schweppes soda can they used as an ied on plane https :/ … 
what's going on ny ? isis shares image of explosive it says brought down … get found -> 
rt isis brags about explosive that brought down russian jet 
“ it was a rash decision of arrogance from russia , ” the article says . “ and so after having discovered a way to ... 
isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian jet 
daesh claims this was the bomb that destroyed russian commercial passenger jet via 
shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet — 
the ied says its militants used to take down the russian metrojet over egypt : 
isis shows off bomb it says downed russian jet 
rt isis photo of what they say is the ied that brought down the russian plane in the sinai : https :/ … 
shares image of it says brought down jet 
unbelievable ! check out the improvised explosive device used to bring down a russian airliner over the sinai ... 
how do y'all kno all of this i don't get it man smh 
shares image of explosive it says brought down russian jet - the new york times 
and now you know why banned liquids . 
scary !!!! - 
isis shares image of soda-can explosive it says brought down russian jet — via 
isis shows off bomb it says brought down jet 
whaaa ? that queazy feeling when the internets are being used by : isis sharing image of bomb on its on line magazine ! 
the manhunt for the paris attackers - the new york times - 
top story : retweets isis shares image of explosive that it … see more 
isis shares image of explosive that it says brought down russian … — via 
looks like clock boy has been at it again ... 
most surprising part of this is that isis has a " glossy online propaganda magazine " called dabiq : 




rt bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo 


carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
" ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to presid … 
carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president via 
ben ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
first draft : ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to ... 
first draft : ben carson's ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president 
the 1st doc quoted is my doc and what he says is part of why i respect him so greatly . 
first draft : ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transiti ... unete a 
first draft : carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition ... 
news " ben carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition … 
first draft : carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed … 
" carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president " … 
" carson’s ex-colleagues have mixed views on potential transition from doctor to president " by steve eder and pam b … 

. explains it all for us 
looking for a physics-cartoon-nonfiction expert ? here's on author randall munroe 
randall munroe's fans include bill gates and neil gaiman . his new book is " thing explainer . " 
randall munroe explains it all ( and simply ! ) in thing explainer , on sale now : 
alumnus randall munroe ' 06 is profiled in today's talking about his new book and how cool science is 
it sounds like everyone should get the " thing explainer . " lovely to have it all explained . 
what would happen if a pitcher threw a baseball at 90% the speed of light ? 

what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 

why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 
nytimes : why coney island has provided " an interesting kind of crazy " for 150 years 

not-so-great times in brooklyn , either . the state of the nets , by 
nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
nets ' disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse thank you brooklyn ! 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting worse 
nets and celtics ; some things never change 
wrote a column about the sad fortunes of broooklyn .... broooklyn 
boo hoo , brooklyn : 
dating single on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting w ... 
it could always be worse ... a lot worse : 
great story idea , but man is it over-written 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps … 
on pro basketball : nets ’ disastrous deal with the celtics keeps getting … 

morning briefing : here's what you need to know to start your day . 

pop music might change , but adele doesn't . reviews her new album " 25 . " " 
pop music might change , but adele doesn't . joncaramanica reviews her new album " 25 . " 

diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in st. -denis 
rt nytimes : diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in st. -denis 
rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in the french national police said . … 
heroes come in all shapes and sizes . thank you for your bravery , diesel . 
this just destroys me , zero respect for any life . send isis to hell . via nytimesworld 
diesel , police dog , killed in raid on terrorists , which may included female suicide bomber 
rt a police dog named diesel died in st. -denis raid 
rt diesel , a 7-year-old police dog , was killed during the raid in https … 

video game developers are working on a game for kids with adhd 
' project : evo ' creators seek approval for physicians to prescribe its to treat via 
video game is built to be prescribed to children with 
video game is built to be prescribed to children with a.d.h.d. via 
new video game is built to be prescribed to kids with adhd . 
one game maker plans to seek approval to allow doctors to prescribe its game to treat adhd 
video game built to be prescribed to children with a.d.h.d , will seek fda clearance 
scientists hope brain games will be prescribed for adhd , the way meds are now : via 
video games can help with if used the right way ! 
c8 sciences featured : is built to be prescribed to children with via 
video games for adhd kids . adderall manufacturer helped design study . very interesting . 
video game that can improve attention in kids w/ adhd via 
by is built to be prescribed to children with via 
game is built to be to children with 
game maker plans to seek approval from for video game ( project : evo ) meant to treat children with 
is built to be to children with via 
video game is built to be prescribed to with a.d.h.d. 
is built to be prescribed to with a.d.h.d. via 
a video game for kids with adhd . this can make everyone happy . 
video game = rx for a.d.h.d. kids (& more like this coming ! ) via 


last-minute recipe ideas for thanksgiving ! 
last-minute recipes for thanksgiving ! 
need help with your thanksgiving feast ? take a look at the new york times ' thanksgiving 2015 webpage . 
need some last-minute thanksgiving dinner inspiration ? 
t'giving menu planner- yum ! 
thanksgiving for all build a feast to please everyone 
thanksgiving recipes - nyt cooking 
looking to revamp your thanksgiving menu ? give some of these creative recipes a try ! 
brilliant menu planner - thanksgiving recipes 
all the recipes you need for thursday . 
this site by is beautifully done ! don't mind me .. i'll be home drooling tonight . 
it's a great time to start thinking about thanksgiving recipes ! check out a few cooking tips and tricks here : 
an interactive meal planner for holiday feasts . via 
thanksgiving guide 
how to make potatoes - nyt cooking 
loading … 
yummy recipes for thanksgiving from the new york times ! 
the thanksgiving recipes are up . i feel stuffed just looking at them ! - nyt cooking 
amazing 
let's see if my meal is edible this year . i try and try and try . 
new york times interactive thanksgiving menu planner 🦃 
getting lost in this thanksgiving meal planner feature . everything looks so good . ( maybe b/c it's dinner time rn ) 
our menu planner will help you craft the best thanksgiving for everyone at your table . 
build your go big or go home , i say : thanksgiving recipes 
rt how to make turkey , cranberries , potatoes , gravy , stuffing and pie crust . you get the idea . https : … 

on campus : stories from new york times readers 
interesting compilation of stories of racism on college campuses across the u.s. 
on campus : stories from readers . 
students from colleges across the us share their stories of on campus 
rt racism on campus : " last semester a makeshift noose was hung on my campus at the student center . " 
rt racism on campus : i had less of overt but masses of microaggressions so totally related to thes … 
racism on campus : i had less of overt but masses of microaggressions so totally related to these in 
as a student i am glad this made such an impact on campuses across the us . 
a rough read , but will it persuade white readers that racism is a problem ? racism on campus : stories fr nyt readers 
rt nytimes reports on racial hate crime on campus -- a pocahottie costume . 

what will it take to destroy isis ? experts from around the world weigh in . 

a side serving of science for your next birthday party 
" a side serving of science for your next birthday party " by james gorman via nyt science 
a side serving of for your next birthday party thanks 
watching popping balloons with a high = speed camera : 

belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbeek 
top story : retweets police raid house in troubled brussels … see more 
top police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - the new york t … see more 
police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood - new york times 
- police raid house in troubled neighborhood — 
points : belgian police raid house in troubled brussels neighborhood of molenbe … 



director repeats call that ability to read is crucial 
wants 
rt exploiting paris attack , fbi director repeats call demand to read encrypted messages ( still no evidence it was used ) https : … 
director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages is crucial 
the terrorist attacks in paris may have changed the politics on both encryption and a range of .. 
law enforcement needs ability to read encrypted messages from smartphones despite moves by apple , google & facebook 
never waste a good crypto crisis 
the is renewing its argument for agency access to encrypted information : via 
cybersecurity : f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages is … 
director repeats message - " the ability to read encrypted messages is crucial " 
with mobile encryption keys no longer held by suppliers , many data transmissions remain inaccessible to the law . 
fbi isn't asking for laws to create backdoors . it's just saying it needs to break encryption or the sky will fall . 
typical - destroy everyone's rights b/c a rare few abuse them . " fbi director : reading encrypted messages is crucial " 
retweeted glenn greenwald ( exploiting paris attack , fbi director repeats call demand to read ... 
rt the f.b.i. director repeats the call that the ability to read encrypted messages is crucial . https … 
top story : f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages … see more 
ny times politics newtop story : f.b.i. director repeats call that ability to re … see more 
f.b.i. director james comey repeats call that ability to read encrypted messages is crucial via 
rt the fbi director is pushing for authority to read encrypted messages , the last bastion of privacy … 
the director repeats call that ability to read messages is crucial 
world 

the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
the uncommon of parisian street life : 
interesting article in light off last weeks events ... 
the indelible intertwining of paris life+its urban fabric+how this contributes to its resilience : via 
a lovely piece by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life via 
great piece on the resilience of life in cheers from 
former muse educator & historian of on street life & how it will endure : 
the uncommon resilience of paris street life : 
the streetlife of the blocks where the paris attacks took place is resilient : they were as busy 100yrs ago as today 
the uncommon resilience of parisian street life 
100-yr-old postcards of paris terror sites show same streets & storefronts , treasured because so inviting 
" people still go out b/c going out is something that paris invites us to do . " fantastic piece via 
rt wonderful article by alex toledano on the resilience of parisian street life 
it is good to know after the paris attacks that life will continue as it has for more than a century in the ... 


charlie hebdo's latest cover offers a message of defiance 


isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " 
rt isis online magazine brags about " the ied used to bring down the russian airliner " … 


new york times reviews adele's third album -- " 25 . " legend " holds firm " despite absence . 
best correction ever . cc : 
rt best correction ever ? 
review : adele holds firm on ‘ 25 , ’ even as pop shifts . 
rt everyone makes mistakes , everyone has those days . 
rt excellent nyt correction , via 
rt correction of the day 
cheers to new album ! brb locked in my room all weekend listening to 
correction of the daaaaaaay . 
update for -the correction has been amended ! 
adele holds firm on ' 25 ' even as pop shifts 
have you listened to yet ? says is " at her savviest . " read : 
correction : adele sings “ hello from the other siiiiiide … ” ; “ hello from the outsiiiiiide ” appears later … via 
review : adele holds firm , even as pop shifts 
the homie reviewed ' 25 ' album for the he used some big words , but i think he liked 
absence has a way of ossifying an idea and amplifying a legend 
do better ! @ nyt 😉 
rt adele’s “ 25 ” has one transcendent , face-melting song , a bunch of good ones , and one by tobias jesso jr. … 
correcting the record , one belted lyric at a time 
the correction that ran w/ the review of " 25 " hit all the right notes ! 
i love that is not embarrassed to correct mistakes . 



the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to residents and commuters 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
top story : retweets paris : updates on the terror attacks - … see more 
points : the early morning raid in st. -denis brought major disruptions to resid … 

early prostate cancer cases fall along with screening 
with reductions in screening , fewer cases are being diagnosed . what does it mean for public health ? 
will soon be sharing selfies of my mustache . in the meantime , men's health from 
early cases fall along with screening 
trouble with screening is 3 false positive psa for every cancer . so most cx of severe sepsis in those without cancer 
early prostate cases fall along with screening 
fewer men are getting screened for finds via 
psa isn't perfect but we can be smarter about using it , vanderbilt's david penson tells 
studies show that fewer men are being screened for prostate cancer : 
rt has the pendulum swung too far with reduced … 
studies find declines in screening and early detection of prostate cancer 
“ fewer men are being screened for prostate cancer , and fewer early-stage cases are being detected , according to two … 
according to two recent studies published in the journal of the american medical association , fewer men are being ... 
rt studies find prostate screening , early detection declines . 220k new cases expected in ' 15 https : … 
how can we lower the cost of medical care ? screen fewer men for prostate cancer , and discover fewer cases . brilliant 
here's exactly why men should be screened for prostate cancer - early detection ! 
. reports : fewer men screened for prostate and fewer early-stage cases detected . 
early cancer cases fall along with 
rt studies find declines in screening and early detection of via - 
dave penson gives great interview in nyt on prostate cancer screening 
rt fewer men get screened for prostate cancer , and fewer cases are being found . is this good or bad ? time will tell . https : … 
“ with psa testing , we often detect cancers that don’t need to be treated " prostate advice put in doubt by new study 


must the show go on ? after friday’s terrorist massacre in paris , a few shows didn’t . 


2 die as french police seek paris attacks suspect ; 7 arrested in raid - new york time 
rt breaking news : two people died in a raid near paris , including one who blew herself up , and the police arrested 7 … 
police conduct raid near paris in search for planner of atta 
france unsure if raid killed top suspe ... 
rt breaking news : french police , seeking the planner of friday’s attacks , arrested 5 people in a raid 
the assault began before dawn at a decrepit squat 
rt " france unsure if raid killed top suspect ... " 
great account of yesterday's events in paris from though it's now confirmed the terror kingpin is dead 
police arrest 5 near paris ; woman detonates explosive vest 
414 raids across the country over the past 3 nights ? we might poke fun at the french , but they don't mess around ... 
neither abdelhamid abaaoud nor salah abdeslam were among those arrested by the french police 
unsure if raid killed top in 
rt “ they did not dare to go to the police ” our most powerful weapon in this fight is a r'ship of trust w/ the community h … 
top story : retweets police conduct raid near paris in searc … see more 
" i am not able to give you the definitive number & identities of the people who were killed . ” abaaoud likely dead 
paris on edge as questions remain about suspect’s fate ... 
so two days ago we didn't know whether ʿabbūd was in europe or syria . now we don't know if we killed him or not . 
rt like typical opportunistic power-grabbing tyrant , hollande wants sweeping new authority 2 restrict citizens ' liberty ht … 
rt woman in explosive vest among 3 killed in police raid ... 
french don't know if they got mastermind yet . 
rt " george bush cr8d largest terrorist factory in the world when he invaded iraq , defeated then disbanded iraqi army .. " https : … 


rt abdelhamid abaaoud , an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead … 
rt . abdelhamidabaaoud , isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead 


senate votes to block obama’s climate change rules 
senate blocks obama’s climate change rules 
this is terrifying and grossly negligent : senate votes to block obama’s rules 
works for no concern for or else he would've supported 
rt the senate blocks president obama’s climate change rules . via … 
the senate voted this week to repeal the thankfully , promised to veto and 
the has voted to block tough new regulations 
what now ? ' senate votes to block prez obama’s rules ' just in time for paris . 
u.s. senate votes to block obama’s rules 
category : american politics " senate voted to block obamas new climate regs " 
senate blocks obama's climate change rules - 
tuesday , the senate voted to repeal the promised to veto and 
votes to block obama’s change rules 
senate votes against environmental protection agency rules to cut carbon emissions from coal-fired power plants : 
the political brinksmanship game grinds on : senate votes to block obama’s rules - the new york times 
the us is again primed to enter global climate talks with hat in hands 
senate votes to block obama's climate change rules - 
no objections , republican voters ? money is the highest priority , even though you won't get a single dime out of it … 
dear gop leadership , the future of humanity is at stake . get your heads out of your butts and face reality . 
rt rejects epa regs , but lacks veto-proof supermajority 
rt stand w/ as he defends our against yesterday's senate vote to dismantle https :/ … 
rt stand with barack obama as he defends our against yesterday's senate vote to dismantle https : … 
rt senate blocks obama’s rules - obama has promised a veto 
10 more democratic senators would make all the difference ... vote blue and vote mid-term elections !! " the senate ... 
while american's were distracted , the senate blocked new climate change regulations . 
rt senate blocks obama's rules - 

really important to keep facts together when we talk about the process of approval can take ... 
rt “ the last thing a refugee agency wants to do is give in to this un-american , political and knee-jerk reaction . ” … 
rt indiana gov's ban on syrian refugees forces aid groups to scramble to find family a home https :/ … 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees shame on you gov . pence ! 
foundation grantee makes national news . 
after being vetted/waiting for 3 yrs - 11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars syrian refugees 
we put the well being of the refugee family ahead of politics . 
indianapolis or new haven .... if you ask me they lucked out . 
syrian refugees deserve better . insane to be turned away from states after such an arduous journey to resettlement 
one ? here : will fed settle refugees in all states ? as long as other states are willing , no need to push . 
11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as bars syrian refugees 
this is why i will sink connecticut into the long island sound . 
nov . 19 , 2015 - - syrian family diverted from indiana after governor denies admission 
rt 11th-hour detour puts family in connecticut as indiana bars 
bravo connecticut for accepting this syrian family that was turned away by the state of indiana . 
11th-hour detour puts family in ct as indiana bars syrian refugees ; excellent description of refugee vetting . 
indiana goes on my boycott list . a shameful . 
rt indiana asked private refugee agency to redirect syrian refugees family , and agency then found them a new home https://… 
yes ! opening doors and hearts when hateful governors don't . thank you , new haven ! 

watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terror attacks . 
watch live : obama holds news conference 
nytpolitics : watch live : president obama speaks at the group of 20 summit meeting , three days after the paris terr … 

this is exciting research that could play a key role in eradicating malaria 
a group led by prof . anthony james created a novel breed of mosquito that they hope will help eradicate malaria 
biologists at uc-irvine re-engineer mosquitoes to battle malaria 
engineering mosquitoes ’ genes to resist 
engineering mosquitos to resist 
engineering to resist 
science is so cool . great story in on the amazing things scientists are doing to fight malaria : 
here's a scary one : shall we use nature as one giant gmo laboratory ? who cares if it involves some 3rd world ... 
a new mosquito to defeat 
curing malaria by genetically engineered mosquitoes 
now these are some mosquitoes we can get behind to help eradicate malaria . 
a that they hope will help eradicate from the world ?!? yes !! finally !! 
check this out ! engineering mosquitoes ’ to resist 
eliminating malaria and 600k deaths/year . 
altering mosquito to fight ( and etc ) 
engineering genes to resist 
very dangerous ! 
rt gene drive technology could eliminate malaria : pnas open-access paper : 
we just can't wait for this solution to be rolled out on large scale 
engineering mosquitoes ' genes to resist malaria - new york times 
scientists have created a mosquito breed resistant to malaria . could eradicate the disease the world over . 

. helps debunk some social media rumors around the 
so to be clear : none of the 5 paris attackers identified so far is syrian . … … 
de blasio , police commissioner tell nyc to ignore isis video that hints at manhattan attacks 
french prosecutor confirms abdelhamid abaaoud was killed in raid . live blog : 
updates on the 
paris attacks : live updates vía 
what we know so far about the raid in st. -denis 
an isis militant from belgium whose own family wanted him dead - the new york times 
live coverage : paris attacks 
rt : : updates on the 
paris : updates on the terror attacks via 
we should not give the gift of hate via 
nytimesworld : updates on the 
the raid is over , but residents are advised to stay put . see all updates on our live blog : 
eddie 

charlie sheen says he has hiv and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret - new york times 
rt charlie sheen's hiv status : cs says he paid mllions t keep it quiet puzzlng : have we moved on s/ ' … 
rt isn't it time to get serious about wiping out so no one has to be tized ? 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep it secret 
rt we hope . announcement finally quiets tabloids . should not be stigmatized ! 
hopes others with hiv+ status feel less shame . we must do everything we can to reduce the 
rt “ i am in fact h . i . v . -positive , ” charlie sheen said in an interview with matt lauer … 
retweeted rituparna chatterjee ( incredibly tragic that an hiv positive celebrity had to keep his ... 
rt incredibly tragic that an hiv positive celebrity had to keep his condition under wrap and had to pay blackmailers … 
*** breaking news *** donald trump announced today , he has picked his running mate : charlie sheen ! winning !!! 󾌲󾌲󾌲 ... 
secrets can never be hidden . one day or the other they get exposed . 
charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret 
hello , my name is yvonne redmond . why is this such a big story ? people have been diagnosed with hiv for years . has t … 
we can help pay off debt . $1.6 billion in loans were issued through prosper in 2014 . peer-to-peer loans through pro … 
sad but not surprising given his lifestyle 
check out charlie sheen's interview on the today show this morning as he unveils secrets . 
commcore ceo speaks about the charlie sheen interview . 
rt sheen paid millions to keep hiv secret - like we'd be shocked to know drug use , prostitutes had led to bad things http … 
the actor said he had known about the diagnosis for about four years but did not know how he contracted the virus . a … 
rt charlie sheen says he has hiv and has paid millions to keep diagnosis secret … 
rt charlie sheen said he paid people “ into the millions ” to stay quiet about his hiv diagnosis ht … 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " seriously ? sorry to say , but you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
" ( he ) did not know how he contracted the virus . " really , mr. sheen ? you reap what you sow , mr. big shot . 
rt charlie sheen says he has h.i.v. and has paid millions to keep his diagnosis secret 
charlie sheen's hiv status : cs says he paid mllions t keep it quiet puzzlng : have we moved on s/ ' 80s ? 
rt he felt like he needed to keep it a secret . we can end stigma together ! 
actor charlie sheen has confirmed that he is hiv positive : 

nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 
nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus via nytimes 
nytimes : nyt readers share their encounters with racism on campus 

bomb experts analyze the isis soda-can bomb photo 

facebook's french flag photo filter draws criticism 



our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
rt rt nytimes : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of … 
rt our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feast of your dreams 
points : our interactive meal planner will help you build the thanksgiving feas … 

pecan pie truffles 
pecan pie truffles wha ?!? 
i need these ! 
this recipe is a stroke of genius . is my new fav person . 

help wanted : seeks senior editors and a political reporter 
interested in working for 
rt gawker : help wanted : seeks senior editors and a political reporter 
my favorite website is 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ 
" when asked to name his ideal editor-in-chief of denton told the times : , david carr " 
" alex pareene , this month’s editor of " 
re : donald trump , fr . , extend our presidential candidates an invitation . 
site closes chapter on web gossip to focus … 
yo , restructuring is a definitive mixed bag . switch is good , but turning jezebel into pop culture ? boo .. 
is changing its focus 
will gawker’s pivot to politics win over wary ad buyers ? : ’ s newly announced ... by 
closes chapter on web gossip to focus on politics a la ‘ daily show ’ via 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? : vote . via 
" there are no women in denton’s vision of an ideal " woof . 
editor-in-chief : the ideal gawker story should expose meaningful hypocrisy 
is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? | fishbowldc 
gawker to rebrand as political news site : internet gossip pioneer is moving in a new edi ... 
editor-in-chief explains the sites ' politics via 
newstream© : wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or head-scratcher ? 
wednesday poll : is as politics site a good idea or a head-scratcher ? 
will morph into a site focused on politics , its founder and top editor said . 
nytimes : is changing its focus 

a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave an imprint on 
for once in a long time , pens something about pakistan that isn't laced with the tired tropes of terrorism . 
a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad 
rt the new york times on saeed book bank 
rt a visit to the saeed book bank in islamabad , which displays 200,000 titles , many in english … 
rt one of the world's great bookstores : 
rt saeed book bank in that displays 200,000 titles , many in english … 
rt saeed jan qureshi loved books so much he let children steal them from his shop in pakistan by 
those from would know . 
one of the biggest bookshop in the world and its late oracle leave an imprint on islamabad 
a gem of a story by on an islamabad bookstore's unlikely legacy : ( now must go buy " fallen leaves " ... ) 
a storied bookstore where theft by children is regarded as investment in future 
" he had always regarded book theft by children as an investment in a future where people still read . " 
rt the bookstealers of pakistan . a storied bookstore's unlikely prosperity . … 
rt an absolutely lovely piece in the nyt on saeed book bank in islamabad . well deserved coverage . 
rt a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad 
asia top story : a storied bookstore and its late oracle leave imprint on islama … see more 
a wonderful look into the largest book store in islamabad pakistan . 
islamabad , pakistan -- on the saeed book bank , now one of the largest bookstores in the world 
“ honestly , chomsky sells here ” | inyt covers saeed book bank in islamabad :) 
a classic bookstore in islamabad : 
take a look at the largest bookstore in istanbul . 
i go to every weekend just for the smell of the bookstore . now featured in ny times . 
lovely profile of the saeed book bank in islamabad , one of the largest bookstores in the world , founded in 1955 : 
rt he loved books so much he let children steal them : a storied bookstore & its late oracle leave imprint on islamabad ht … 
rt a bookshop that started from peshawar but was shut down because of terrorism . nytimes obituary of late saeed qureshi h … 
a gorgeous four story bookstore in islamabad and the owner can't get a visa to buy books for it 
“ honestly , chomsky sells here ” saeed book bank , 
this reads like a fable 
saeed book bank in that displays 200,000 titles , many in english v 

rt victim’s husband tells terrorists , " i will not give you the gift of hate " 
rt " i will not give you the gift of hate " there is hope 


what travelers can expect in paris 


love brussels sprouts ? we have an idea for you . 

simple attendance at a mosque under can land someone in the ' s-files ' 
paris attacks spur emergency edict and intense policing in france 
glad to see the securitization concerns popping up . europe can't be in permanent lockdown out of fear . 
rt breaking down doors , searches without warrants and aggressive questioning are all now perfectly legal in france . https://… 
rt push sweep for after attacks ; concerns over liberties ... 
france after the attacks - 
take ' em down , get ' em out , keep ' em out . save the world from invading cockroaches . 
pays the bill for the fear following the 
muslim terrorists are frightening us to death ; states of emergency never end . france shows us our future , the ... 

rt the cult of the toto toilet 
i never felt so clean ! mt the cult of the toto toilet 
" the cult of the toto toilet " think you can relate . 
the cult of the toto toilet via 
nytimes : the cult of the toto toilet 

quote of the day 

how to host thanksgiving : dos and don'ts via 
the times’s florence fabricant gives etiquette advice for entertaining on 
after watching this , i'm feeling confident ! especially since 24 guests will be dining at my house thursday evening … 
video : how to host thanksgiving : dos and don'ts-- etiquette advice for entertaining on thanksgiving . 
hosting thanksgiving dinner ? here are some dos and don'ts 

